why hasn't anyone contacted me or had the courtesy to even respond to my emails? i still haven't received delivery
@lin zhi yong good luck on that lawsuit!
facebook page of the creator: https://www.facebook.com/bradley.leong it looks like he sold the company..
just a show of hands, who haven't gotten their brydge keyboard? why don't we all band together and file a collective lawsuit against the campaign creator, brad leong, and the company brydge global pte ltd (which is based in singapore from what it seems, and i am also in singapore) to get a compensation?
half a year later - still nothing!
no brydge, no answer to emails, facebook, etc. ! i pledged for the limited edition model ($250) - no brydge, no messages... i really hate you people! i know try my luck with my lawyer.
these guys suck. almost 2 years and have yet to receive my brydge.
never run out of battery with the world's smallest charging cable. click on the link above to get your discount. http://refer.hellonomad.com/v2/share/5995693832774964804
nothing received so far ...
i have the brydge...and have been quite happy.  hope there is something in the wings to take care of outstanding orders...then the ipad air.  v/r
i sent a request to customer service for my 5-month old brydge which is not holding a battery charge. no response! hello are you there?
i sent my brydge for repair and now no one is responding to my mails!
this keyboard is already obsolete with the release of ipad air and until now there's still no sign of brydge. what the heck is this?
it's 2014 and no sign of brydge.
still waiting to brydge...
18 months later and still no brydge, despite being told it was "sent". as my first kickstarter this was not a good start. thankfully i now have lower expectations and fund only worthwhile artistic projects, not these commercial ones that have the potential to leave you with nothing. we have a word for these kind of guys in australia. we also have a way of dealing with them if they ever spruik in our town. (close rant) so who do you report these shysters to in the usa when they don't deliver?
hi, i would like to know if you received my "brydge" that i sent last week. i'm sorry it took me so long to sent it, but i couldn't send it earlier. how long it's gonna take to fix it? thank you very much, bernardo
hi, i have a problem with my brydge!  please answer my email! thanks
brad leong, i what an answer to my email. i also wanted to post the 1000th comment!
i travel a lot across australia with work and the amount of people that have asked me about this product is astronomical. i tell them that it is ok but customer service is non existent. there are better and cheaper options available now and point them that way. i believe that if you over $200 for something and it doesn't work properly with 12 months, a warranty or replacement is warranted. what is kickstarter going to do about these people? there are so many unhappy people in the world thanks to the shonks at the brydge and the people behind it have no credibility whatsoever.
yeah i know what you are saying jesus. they were pretty quick to respond when i sent them an email for a return authority number and refund saying that they were not giving refunds. it's now been 10 days and have not had an answer yet.
don't hold your breathe on them to help you. i have been trying to contact them for 8 months now with numerous emails sent out. i was one of the first backers. i got the limited edition one and i got the fifth one. that should show you how excited i was. all the keys wont function and its like the keyboard pieces got all pushed to the side and they won't repair them for me. so like i said don't hold your breath
i have been happily using my brydge+ for quite a few months now, but yesterday the enter key has stopped functioning. i am one of the original backers. what steps do i need to take for a warranty repair or replacement?
terrible project.
hei you people at brydge!!! where is my reward? it has been more than 1 year + 3 months!!! are you guys a bunch of cheats and con-artist??? what the fuck!!!!
i never got reward from the bridge company. it was never delivered!  they don't answer for my emails. they say that my address is not correct. but this is address a polish company, and address is checked by polish goverment! please tell me how can i get my reward, when they don't want to cooperate. i even send them other address, but they don't answer to me.
trying my luck on their twitter page. see what happens.
in the uk, and still no le brydge after about a year and several e-mails to and from 'whitney'. was told in april 2013 ago there was stock awaiting to be shipped from the uk warehouse but still nothing as i write this on 23/09/13. to say the situation is ridiculous an unacceptable would be an understatement. anyone in the uk in the same situation? anyone complained to kickstarter yet or created a public petition to get a refund? what legal recourse do we have? so regret backing this now, no matter how good the product turns out to be!
hey brenden, i ended up buying the sharksucker keyboard - it has the hinge that brydge originally promised, and also works as 4200 mah backup power supply. it came out before the brydge was released and mine is still going strong. oh, and i bought it on amazon.ca for $69!
this is beyond ridiculous now.  i backed this in feb 2012 and still waiting.  i live in uae and despite 2 'attempts' it has not been delivered (tracking shows returned to uk) despite the fact i work from home and available.  i offered to pay for a proper courier company as they have no trouble in uae (fedex, dhl, aramex etc).  i then provided a us address of a friend and they said it was on the way, and nothing arrived. i have offered to come and pick it up from us and uk locations in past few months during my travels.  emails are sometimes responded, but never a satisfactory resolution.  just promises with no delivery.  please - either refund or deliver asap!
hi there brydge team. although it seems like you sent out a brydge to me twice, i never received them. i also find it rather interesting that although you sent it via registered post, it always gets delivered to the uk rather than the dubai, uae where i live. come on guys. sort your crap out and fulfill the order completely.
brydge -  whole project - it is project only for stealing money ? many times say - next week we sending... and nothing. wtf ???
@bridge team why don't you motherfuckers answering emails ? i want my money back -now !!!
died after 4 months and sent back my defective brydge for repair or replacement. i haven't received any correspondence with a status yet and it's been over 5 weeks ago....i hope they pay for my shipping cost?
help out with this survey https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1jvzghrrtqqh_p6vkyeglkpv8yizefjk25yz1atgw-9w/viewform
this sucks! enough is enough, i get tired aubout you guys. why are you not answering at mails or messages in twitter? i want my money back -now!!!
still no brydge here :-(
i was an early backer last year (2012) and despite much frustration (shared by others on this 'board' at the time) with having to wait an age, with no communication on shipping dates finally received a brydge. i am in a quandary as i love the brydge, it has made a huge difference to my ipad and the way i work but i can see and sense the frustration of others here. i am a journalist and when i am at shows in the press room, i always get asked about the ipad+ibrydge - people think it is some kind of new mba. it certainly turns heads. however can i recommend it to others whilst reading the frustration on this board? also, recently the 1,2,3,4,5 line of the kbd has stopped working. it may be something i have done (suggestions anyone?) but if i want to type a number now i have to use the on-screen kbd.
this is just a huge ponzi scam. no updates from from project starter until now. thanks for bringing down the name and reputation of kickstarter. i would seriously think twice before funding any new ideas here.
hi everyone, there is no response up to now in hong kong. it's so ridiculous that i found the replica which is exactly same as the brydge here in the market for just $40! please be honest to your backers.
has any one seen this sharksucker keyboard case for ipad http://adf.ly/qsuiy
hey everyone, i've got my brygde limited edition on monday. after several unanswered emails i contacted them directly via twitter. only a few minutes later i got an answer. the tracking number was sent the day after.. so try to contact them this way.
no brydge here in singapore. last email contact 8 may 2013. utterly disppointed!
still no brdyge in lebanon ... seriously, wtf is up with these people and especially whitney.... she sends me an email after 2 months saying that order has been shipped. and that was 1 month ago. (is she the only employee in this so called company!! kickstarter should kick these people out. unprofessional and close to becoming a con company not to say crooks !!
here in the uk, no brydge either. wtf is up with this company. i did receive one email after i enquired, from 'whitney' which said they would look into it, but that was months ago now, and i have received no other emails, despite chasing it up again and again. why isn't kickstarter investigating? is there anything we can do to get them to? also why can't we get a refund? is this something to do with how the money was raised?
here mexico city,, no bridge here .. i just want to know when exactly i can get it. pls to be honest.
still no brydge here in dubai. sad really that i've wasted my money on an overfunded project.
ok, still no brydge here in australia. no answer to emails, no excuses and no way of getting my money back. brydge guys, if you actually do read these comments, read the phoenix project and get your sh*t together. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00azrblho/ref=oh_d__o00_details_o00__i00…
can't seem to find my number in any of my mails oo
@koen: thx for your answer, do you remember your "limited edition" number? mine is 250
limited edition model backer here -  netherlands still waiting as well. haven't received anything yet.  i just wanne cry. this is complete bs. no recent info or updates what so ever >:( wish i was an advocate :p
does anybody else also waiting for the special edition brydge? or am i the last one?
still no brydge, i want my money back. this is unbelievable.
still no brydge, what is happening guys? send me an email at bborg19@gmail.com
i received my replacement brydge today (tuesday).  i only got round to sending back the broken one on friday. very impressed - good service
montréal: finally my brydge is arrived; i had to pay 40 dollars of charge for the shipment (i had already paid 35 dollars). so, to resume, 245 dollars for a keyboard with stickers youhouuu, received 7 months after the estimated delivery, and the keyboard is really poor. this is going on ebay right now, i can give you mine if you live in montréal for 150 dollars. thank you brad.
still no brydge, this is unfair!
hi, i got my free neophrene sleeve today which is great. thx for this :-) but my brydge is still not here !? whats going on with you guys ?
i have sent more then 7 emails and i always get the same response. "this has been sent on to our shipping team for further investigation. i should have more information shortly." whitney  and i don't get anything back !! ...  one of the most unprofessional companies i have worked with. kickstarter should investigate this.... not to mention that it will back fire on kickstarter.
shame i can't edit comments - within a few hours i've received a shipping label and nice email from brydge apologising and promising a new unit. good service.
andrew, you are lucky. at least you have one. i don't know how many people are still waiting for one.
i spoke too soon. love the keyboard, but it stopped working today. a,s,d and a few other keys not responding to presses. tried unpairing and re- pairing but can't re-pair as the k key isn't working. any one know what kind of guarantee it comes with?
i've paid $210 as a backer & am still waiting for my brydge. no news until today except for an email that they need to verify my kickstarter account and shippment address. c'mon guys...what's happening?
their website is outdated, so these guys left into thin air ...
in canada, and i'm moving soon. i still have no brydge. i sent a message, but i haven't had any response. please!! i just want to change my address to a permanent address in the u.s. where my family lives. please contact me!!
no brydge... this is the best scam i saw until now. so intelligent, with all the publicity and still people believe they will receive a brydge... maybe it was a typo and they wanted to say: estimated delivery oct 2013?! i think the only solution will be to get some lawyer friends on their ass for fraud. how could i believe that i will actually receive this ever? i don't know .... but you won, take my money. i hope you burn in hell for this fraud.
ontario canada .  no brydge yet. last contact was 4 months ago.
canada and still no brydge, i want a refund now ! comon guys, how do you dare keep taking orders on your website while your backers don't have their brydges. i really don't like to criticize, but i really hope you are going to learn from your mistake, because this project was the worst i had ever backed, i don't even feel like helping other project now. i am going to wait until they are finished from now.
"brydge lives up to its promise."  - the verge not sure if this is true !!!!
pls do not lie any backers, provide right answer.
in canada, and still no bryde :(
just to follow up with my comment the other day (i suspect brydge have given up reading this) have used the keyboard for a couple days and am delighted. i'd forgotten that i'd pledged so much ($180) and that is steep, but the keyboard is great. feels solid and really nice to type on. my ipad feels like a laptop. it's quite heavy, but i don't mind that. it's nice and solid. i had been using the logitech ipad keyboard for a while which was a superb keyboard - but this wins!  the keys may be a little heavy but i'll get used to that. love the way the ipad slips in and won't come out too easily. all the keys are working nicely and the layout is well thought out (enter key could be a little bigger for me but that's minor, i'll get used to it) so very pleased with the item but still disgruntled with being ignored for so long. brydge waived my international shipping (at my suggestion) so at least that's something. will think twice about backing a kickstarter project again though. would like a neoprene sleeve. any chance? (if brydge are reading)
yesterday my brydge arrived in germany. first i have to say, it looks really good and works well. pairing was easy and keyboard feels good as well. the speakers sound a bit tinny. all in all it is a coherent keyboard. but waiting for almost a year and bad communication interferes me a bit. guys, you built such a nice gadget - if you wanna raise your business longer, try to get your communication right. carsten
i am in the uk btw
mine arrived this morning. very pleased if i am honest, and i was expecting a pony. the lack of communication hasn't been made up for but the keyboard works well. haven't really put it through its paces yet - but that will come. feels solid and nice to type on. it doesn't sit fully flat on the table - i keep thinking one of the rubber pads has come off, but it's not too noticeable. feels odd having the screen at the back - but i am used to the excellent logitech thin keyboard which i love. the brydge will have to be good to dislodge it as favourite but the early signs are promising. just a shame the kickstarter campaign has been so badly managed. andrew
still waiting !!!! since last december !!! i can't believe it. want my money back
four months later the keys have begun to stick to the point of no longer being useful. so dissapointing after such little time.
still no news.. i have sent a lot of emails... no answer... no limited edition brydge+ ...
after many mails (and no responses) still have not received my bridge yet. we support you ... so don't screw us over!
well it seems like these chaps haven finally got their act together. just recieved the email below: greetings, we thought you'd like to know that your order has been sent to our warehouse.  thanks for shopping with us, and we hope to see you again soon. the following items will be included in this shipment: 1 x aluminum brydge with speakers this shipment will be sent to: dubai,                 united arab emirates thank you for your purchase ha!
when does brydge+ arrive at me? even if i contact you, there is not the reply. please refund important money if you do not send it asap!!! . the specifications changed, and six months passed since a shipment plan... this is the worst kickstarter project in 2012! . original brydge (approx $55) - - - brydge+ was too expensive. http://goo.gl/auehb brydge mini.... ha ha ha :d http://goo.gl/hxr35
everyone should go on amazon and leave a review.
anyone been to their website?  the brydge is now advertised at $20 cheaper.  brydge+ used to show $220, now $199.99 and the polycarbonate version is $129.99.  isn't that a slap in the face.
still no brydge. estimated time of delivery: october 2012. these guys are a big joke.......
ontario, canada: brydge+ arrived this afternoon. it's charging now...
it's a joke.  i tried to cancel my order last year but had no response from several emails.  (i had a refund from a separate kickstarter project so know it can be done). i then get an email asking for money for international shipping.  i told whitney i was pleased to hear from them as i have been asking for a refund for several months.  whitney said no refunds were possible and i need to send the shipping charge so they can release my brydge. so i replied saying as a good will gesture, why not send me my brydge without me having to pay  the shipping - as it is so late etc. etc. - guess what - no reply!  over a month now. this is shocking, gives kickstarter a bad name and potentially hinders other good kickstarter causes.
where the hell is my brydge?
i recieved broken brydge+ two weeks ago. i asked to whitney, how to repair or replace, he answerd that fill out rma and reply. so, i sent rma a week ago. but i did not receive any reply, yet. terrible product and response. very very dirty firm.
where is my brydge+, i'm still waiting in germany .... ... and waiting ... i think slowly, they cheating  us i want an answer as to when my brydge+ & sleeve will be shipped out!
still waiting for my brydge. what the hell is going on here!!!!!!!
hi all, whilst i was a very very long time coming, a couple of weeks ago i received my brydge + and the sleeve from them.  don't want this to turn into another 'what a great product' blah blah blah, simple give some feedback. start with the easy one, the sleeve.  well, lets just it isn't something to get excited about!  mine came with the stitching hanging out and the zip coming off, but, when i did resew it and get the ipad on the brydge into it the sleeve is actually cut too small so the zip will run along ipad etc scratching it up if you dont have any protection on it. now for the brydge+ itself.  i think/hope i am lucky enough to get a unit that has all of the keys working, work it does....very good.  but, it is any better than any of the other keyboards that are now available now?  i dont think so, as we all know it has been a very very long time in the coming and when it was first thrown out there i think it possibly would have been - but now...not so much.  certainly not with the speaker, if i get better deeper sound from the ipad when in the brydge and the speaker is on the opposite side from where i am just take it from me that it is poor to say the least. am i a happy camper with the unit?  well, yes and no.  do i feel like we were treated poorly with the ks project, yes, 100%.  it took a constant stream of messages to the oh so responsive (not) team to get the unit out in the first place, also, on the back of the constant changes that were made and indeed based on what all thought was a working prototype which deep down we all know is bs. i hope that all do get their units quickly, as for how the units that are not working are going to get replaced i have no idea and only hope that brad and co will stand by their backers that enabled them to go into business in the first place. this whole experience has stopped me dead from backing other ks projects which is a shame, but, at the end of the day possibly this project has highlighted everything that is bad about the system in one hit.  i may be back in future, but who knows - brad and co had an idea and in the end they wanted others to do the worrying and not themselves. glad that the journey has come to an end for me, sorry that others are still trying to get to the end of theirs.  would even chip in to fund something to hold accountable if in the end all do not get the units and all working correctly.....oh hum.
i have  not received my brydge, and the idiots will not cancel my order. "sorry ..........we are going to ship it now".......after one year. how can i return the shit? i can`t read about it.
please.....can you please response and tell me when i could get my brydge in singapore?
has anybody received a positive answer to a refund? i even don´t know how it works on kickstarter...
i recieved brydge+ with broken shift key last week. so i sent e-mail to brydge+ team two times about this situation and photo. but, i do not receive any e-mail about how to replace or repair. what are you doing ?
i real understand, that you don`t answer my mail! it is about one year ago, that i was so stupid to order a brydge. i have received absolutely nothing, so i think the people only try to steal my money. let them keep the shit....i think it is worth nothing.
let's sue them! i'm willing to spend some money as well.
canada no brydge, common. guys, i want my brydge, can we sue them or what ?
i am in the same boat like dirk. its time for teaming up towards a class action lawsuit i am willing to spend 1000 usd to learns these clowns how to do business
i still didn't receive mine. after several communication with brad, there is always a different answer (we do have problems with shipping, should be come in a few weeks from now, we found a solution...) but nevertheless no brydge in my hands!  i'm very very very disappointed in this way of treating people. i'm happy to join in any action to get my brydge. if they are commercializing this product, well, i really advise people who want to buy this to stop immediately, because you will never receive it.
to add insult to injury, they're actually taking orders on their website!
i just recieved my brydge+, but, shift key does not good, broken ... very very disapointed.
anyone interested in filling out my survey trying to find out who hasn't received their brydge https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ukuirj11izbqpbv7o4myjso1zdymtui7bvjt3t7ubii/viewform
pledged for a retail kit for 10 brydges, and haven't got anything.. they would email you and disappear into a black hole.. what a disappointing project, execution, attitude and customer service.. i have sent an email asking for a refund... this is as respectful and considerate i can be!! even kickstarter folks did not respond to my complaint about this project!
still nothing... no brydge retailer kit... no updates... no mails... that´s sad. anyone received already his brydge in germany?
looks like i'm not the only one still waiting.  i remember a time when the updates came thick and fast and now just trying to get a reply is like pulling teeth. come on guys, what gives? i don't mind delays as much as not being kept in the know. disappointing. i'm tempted to ask for my money back.
netherland - limited edition model still waiting for any sign. no email, eta or anything concrete. people paid a sum of almost $ 800,000 and this is what you get. first ks i ever backed and deeply regret it. this used to be a project i was stoked and excited about, now it just saddens me.
^^^ still waiting for my brydge =/
just received my sleeve in the mail - nice!
has anyone who ordered a sleeve received it yet?
in canada and have yet to receive my product. 3 emails unanswered to info@thebrydge.com. what gives?!
you betray our hope. it is 5 months past expected delivery. when can i receive it? you do not communicate. i am very disappointed. i wanted you to ship neoprene sleeve together because we were behind with you for five months. in the united states, the shipping is free. however, it was $35 to japan. do you want to still take money out of us? i did pledge in a limited edition, you are terrible...
can i just say that whilst i was frustrated with the long wait that now i have my brydge  i think it's fantastic! i haven't seen any problems with quality or construction - this could have been an apple product. the only thing is don't get your hopes up too high on the speakers as they aren't going to blow your socks off.... well done guys - the delays aside (that's kickstarter for you) 9/10 for the end product.
will my brydge fit the ipad 6? i'm waiting for nearly a year now and i guess i will be waiting for the rest of the year (and maybe for the years to come)
man, i still absolutely love my brydge. i know the customer service kinda sucks, but the product is damn nice. could use some improvements (see my earlier comments) but i'd have tossed my ipad by now without this thing.
dear brydge team, i did not receive my brydge. it's nearly a year now. what is wrong? no shipping code, no package.... nothing
well, not 4 hours after message below was sent i receive a ups shipping notice!  is only a notice of shipping, but hopeful!  plus, labeled as brsp, neo....so maybe logic has prevailed and the sleeve is shipping with the keyboard - we shall see! guess am now in the bullpen of sticky keys and poor sound, careful what you wish for huh? still just glad something is moving. certainly project has stopped me from investing in others on kickstarter and that is a shame, once all dust has settled i would think kickstarter need to implement some new rules regarding projects.  make some form of contract where by if product not delivered on spec or agreed timeline (hear me out) then backers have right to refund even if project was funded.  with regard to the timeline i know that something's will take longer than first expected, this is fine, as long as there is dialogue and mutual agreement then crack on.  but (and is a very big butt) projects should not be able to use kickstarter as a platform to develop a project when laying claim to design and prototypes being already complete - this is what people buy into....not to then have everything changed and the design finalized - sure there will be upgrades and tweaks but the fundamentals should remain the same.  i guess an 'honesty clause' or something like that, if the thing is just a dream at the moment then say so...you never know you might just find people that believe in your dream! we have all had to travel along way with the project, a journey that most felt (myself included) didn't thin needed to be made as there was a design and prototype in hand - just investment for production.  i guess in the end what i am trying to say is that kickstarter needs to also accept some sort of responsibility or at least liaise on the backers behalf when issues occur, after all they will not be providing the service for free....a payment will be made and as a 'brokering body' between two parties (creator and backer) they should be there when all gets a bit pear shaped. anyway, guess also now just have to wait for the package to arrive and see what comes out of the box.  expecting the worst, but still hoping for the best!
oops...meant to add....not holding out hope of a response
message just sent: brad, right, getting seriously pissed off now. not only have i replied to your message, plus, waited for your 'customer team' to respond - also emailed you info account as per your update about the sleeve......no replies (as normal) to anything. but what has really sent me over the edge now is that i read that people are receiving the replacement units to your originally defective units supplied, how is this possible? what sort of system are you running? again, in case you mis-understood in my previous message. - the address you are shipping to is in the usa - i live and work in asia, i know that cny is long since over and backlogs have been cleared - i source and ship from china suppliers...i know this for a fact - i was one of your first backers for the brydge+ i want an answer as to when my brydge+ & sleeve will be shipped out, if you are anyway half decent you will respond and let this be known. obviously you are fully aware of the facebook campaign that is on going against the brydge, prove them wrong and provide a decent update...stand by your product - i thought this was your dream? update and shipment will be forthcoming?
$9.70 to ship a sleeve domestically?  i don't think so.  if you want us to pay shipping for our bonus, at least ship at cost.
haha, this time 35$ for a free present with a couponcode  '  thank you '. no thank you.  what's the english expression?  once bitten, twice shy?
finally received the brydge+ in hong kong. the keyboard is so far so good, bluetooth connect the keyboard and speaker are easy ... but ... charging that much for the sleeve is a joke.
absolutely disgusted that we have to pay for shipping.  there is no reason why you shouldn't ship these out for free even as a gesture of goodwill given all the delays and poor lack of communication.  what a horrible campaign.  i've been waiting patiently for my keyboard.  was told a month ago it shipped and still no sign nor have i received a tracking number after asking repeatedly.  i've backed tons of kickstarter projects.. easily the worst experience yet.
i used the brydge a lot for taking notes at a conference last week, and i have to say that except for hitting the up key every nearly time i tried to do an uppercase letter on the left half of the keyboard, it's quite solid, and i was able to type very fast (even blind, which is impossible with the onscreen keyboard). this way i was able to replace my notebook completely, i wouldn't even have had to take it with me on the trip. one let-down is that the forward delete functionality i use so frequently isn't there (fn-backspace), another is that it's quite heavy (on the other hand, that's required so the ipad doesn't tip over during typing). so i completely agree with ziv kitaro, the customer support is horrible, but the product itself is quite nice. i also have to say that the new hinge looks great and fits my ipad 3 very well (they just messed up on the first impression picture on the kickstarter update here, which was a big mistake).
israel, brydge arrived today. i urge the creators of this project to talk to their backers. it's amazing to me that even now they still hideout. just by talking, explaining, being part of this community of people who cared enough to give them money, things could have been different. i'm very upset with them, but i have to say the product is a nice one: solid built all keys work fine the hinges, while not as nice as the original, are ok all in al, i'm pleased speaker is loud but of poor quality, sound is flat, no bass, no vibrancy right shift is annoying as hell brad and the others - your behavior is far from acceptable, but you can try to make up for it.
i am still waiting! ordered the brydge for almost 1 year ago, but i have seen absolutely nothing. do you think it exists? why don`t  you keep your shit and pay my money back?
did you guys see that they are selling (website) cheaper than the kickstarter champaign?
i'm still waiting to receive my brydge in the uk,  has it gone missing? should i be concerned thank you russell thompson
still waiting in japan. but today,i recieved contact the order is ready to ship! i heard most of them have recieved brydge plus and have been being sold in amazon japan. why....
nothing new here in switzerland. still waiting for the limited edition...
still waiting in canada :(
i am pretty sure we will never see any comment from the creator brad leong overhere any more
gosh, i love how others are still waiting for their brydge and the promise to send sleeves was also many months ago. my 3rd kickstarter, my 3rd bad experience.  the shift key on right side of they keyboard is in the worst possible place. i can't sell this thing to anyone; can't even give it away.
i like the keyboard and didnt have any problems but its been a week now - and the b and the n keys have stopped working i hoping i get somewhere to send it in the uk for a warranty return.
received my brydge today. what a huge disappointment! the keyboard is unusable as the keys are sticking (completely) to the point that i couldn't even finish the bluetooth connection. the keys are not positioned correctly inside the case. otherwise the hardware and even the hinges look fine. i received a broken product and am waiting for a solution!
just wanted to let you all know, i'm typing this on my brydge. it took a while, but it definitely got here and i'm very pleased with it. it looks great, but i'd say the build quality is a bit beneath that of an official product with some slight details too nitpick about. but functionality-wise it's fantastic. i find it hard to go back to hyping on the virtual keyboard. though i still prefer the look of the advertised design over the revision after the funding went through.
still waiting in czech republic ...
still waiting in dubai. god you guys are seriously poor at communicating with customers. hold on one second, we are backers! put your brydge to good use and write an update!!!!
alright folks, that's it, that's that, this is my last post here... ever... done with kickstarter, done with the brydge (oh that's right, i haven't received it yet in switzerland despite brad's promise that "he would see that it'd shipped asap"... and i actually believed it). i've had my share of bad experiences, but this has got to be the worst by a mile. i guess my money is lost, whatever... i will take the advice of other frustrated backers though, and will search elsewhere (clam case, zygg, there's plenty of choice). so to all backers who are waiting still, so long, hope you'll move on too. peace.
expected shipping hi brad and team, quick message to find out when my brydge keyboard will be shipped out, address is us based so should have been shipped out already i would have thought but nothing so far! can you please update as cny was some weeks ago and all are now back to work!  being located in singapore i know this!! please do let me know as rather frustrating to be one of your first backers and now one of the last to receive. thanks nigel
ok brad, eddy and sam, i officially give up on you and the brydge. i've started to look elsewhere. the folks that make the clam case are rolling out the clam case pro in march. it looks very comparable to, if not superior, to the brydge. yeah, i know i can't get my money back, but you have lost me as a customer... forever. i encourage people to give the clam case pro a serious look.
i stand corrected, the globe key is for toggling the international keyboard. i guess im very happy then!
just received my brydge here in the uk. was very excited until i realised that the 'globe' key (browser) doesn't  work. i'm very annoyed and upset by this. any advice on how to get a replacement?
hi guys,  still no word or any information about shipping to south africa. c'mon... its been a loooong while for this now, we've been very patient and all i want is some feedback - a tracking number, an estimated date of arrival, when it is going to ship...  where can i go to ask these questions and who can i speak to or email for information?!?!?!
my brydge arrived today here in berlin, germany. well, yes it took a while! but to be honest, did anybody of you really expect to get your brydge in october?  my brydge works like are charm and i think a get used to this small keyboard soon (yes the right shift key could have been a bit larger, but this is the compromise you have to make if you want a full featured keyboard layout).  the only thing that is a little bit annoying is that it comes with rubber shimes for ipad2 assembled and if you have an ipad3 you have to remove those shims and the glue that holds them first! i took me more than 30 minutes to get the hinges clean. but if you wait so long for your gadget, then this 30 minutes really do not matter. anyway, i finally have my brydge and i think i love it!
still sleepless in singapore. brad, do you even read your backers comments? pretty unprofessional in my opinion. won't be able to recommend the brydge to anyone, regardless of how good a product it may be. wouldn't know, since i still don't have it.
i had my brydge + a little over two weeks and a "friend" stole my ipad 2 with the brydge. i was sick over it and i was angry. he is in jail for a minimum of 6 months, possibly a year, but the brydge + ipad 2 are gone, unrecoverable. i was going into the hospital for heart sugary and didn't want to be without my brydge + ipad, so i bought a black ipad 4 and ordered the polycarbonate brydge +. they look and work well together. as an aside, the speakers in the polycarbonate brydge sound much better than they did in the aluminum brydge. in spite of what these guys lack in interpersonal skills with their backers, those who made it all possible for them, they seem to have a winner on their hands.
please update the delivery status/progress in singapore! i have lost my patience!
received my brydge+ in the uk yesterday. no notification apart from the courier turning up. posted within the uk so no extra tax to pay. first impressions over the last 12 hours, very very good. it is slick, easy to change the shims for ipad 3 (setup for ipad 2 out of the box). i was doing some work on it last night, and typing is very very good. easy to setup. overall first impressions very impressive, with a big smile on my face. one disappointment is the lack of sleeve case that was promised. not even any mention of it in the packaging. seeing as i have had no email or communication about the case apart from postings here this needs to be addressed. maybe brad and sam can update us on this?????
what happened to the sleeves? still waiting. :-(
hi guys, got my brydge + today. finally. keyboard is fine. unfortunately, the speakers are not wokring, just crackling when i play music after pairing the ipad. anyone know how to contact them to get a replacement? thanks!
hi, i received my brydge+ today. it just arrived without tracking info or notification. i am located in germany bzw. first impression is very positive. the speaker is not high-end, but works fine. when typing with the brydge i tend to try to use a trackpad, as it feels like working with a laptop or macbook.
@ tsung ning. i got mine the evening before the cny's eve (2/8). no notifications, a parcel just arrived. i threw the wrappings away but it was sent from an address in hong kong somewhere, hope this helps. am in tainan.
i´m wondering that shipping has started in europe, but some of the backers, me including, haven´t received any notice or shipping information. what´s going on? guys, what about any sentences how things are going. i´m very happy with all my other kickstarter products, cause there was allways a great conversation. would be happy to get any news about what´s going on....
i am still not getting my brydge in taiwan. i saw someone getting his 2 weeks ago, where is mine? it's a small island, why is it happening? please check my shipping status. thank you.
received my brydge+ in the netherlands yesterday. did not had to pay any custom fees! although physically the brydge seems good, i can't seem to get it paired to my ipad! fully charged it and when i switch it on the blue led goes on for a couple of seconds, but pressing "control" + 'k" doesn't make the keyboard discoverable by the ipad. btw, should the blue led start to blink when you press the pair buttons, mine doesn't do that!? also switching on the speakers by pressing "control" + "b" for at least 4 seconds doesn't give a beep!? i fear that i have received a nice stand for my ipad.... someone here any tips??
it really make me mad that brad and company raised almost $800k in pledges and delivery was delayed by months and some people have their brydge and others still don't and a lot of reports of sticking or non-functioning keys and i still don't have the damn thing!!!
i thought as well that the product gonna been in a bad quality. but so far i am impressed as well. the only missing thing is the neoprene sleeve!
got my brydge today in the uk (thought it might never happen - but here it is) and despite several negative comments from other users i am impressed with mine so far. much better quality keyboard than logitech equivalent, speaker is better than ipad built-in (though not by a huge amount) and revised brackets don't offend me as much as i had thought they might. it's been a loooooooong haul but if the brydge holds up it will, at least, have been a product worth waiting for and we all learned something valuable in the process. thanks. let me know about sleeves but please don't scratch my ipad with zippers!!!
received my bridge today, several keys are not working. the square apple key, several of the command keys and at least the keys 6 7 q y u a h j kl z n m help? thanks  peter
recieved my brdyge yesterday, overall i'm pleased with how it looks and works. can see myself using it a lot more than i originally thought. one quality issue is the holes for thespeaker, they are really uneven, they run across in wobbly lines which gives the whole unit a lot less professional finish. also i can't seem to find the pound sign (can't demonstrate as i don't know wheere it is) overall yes, it's a good product, no regrets as i can't remember paying the money for it as it was so long ago, if i had paid the same amout last week i would probably be a little disappointed.
hi - my keys have started sticking and so the letters i try to type keep going and going without my being able to stop them easily. this started the more i tried to use the brydge as a ""laptop / protected ipad "by carrying the ipad around with the brydge on it.. so what to do? not use the "cover"? never close the two up even if i don't carry the two --brydge and ipad -- around together? if so then the item shouldn't be "pushed as a "cover"or with the ability to turn the ipad into a "mini-laptop"". if the keys will stick and i can't use as a "cover / minii-laptop", then do i try to use at all as some really heavy speakers that while louder than my ipad, are more cumbersome than other "mobile" speakers and don't have the same quality of sound as others that cost as much as the brydge.. (and now, i'd have to carry another mobile keyboard around, if not also a "cover".) so mr. leong -- what are we -- or the company -- supposed to do about "sticking keys"? thanks -- otherwise, the concept that you started with on kickstarter was great and i would have been happy to pay what i had if all parts of the brydge can be used.  thanks; hope you'll have some ideas for your backers who are having this same set of problems.. (but  to be sure: the whole "look"and the äluminum"are beautiful...)
brydge arrived to me in canada and no customs duties to pay and the product also arrived in one piece. i  waited before responding as i was one of the early backers who had felt that i had sunk a bunch of money on a dud. having said that after using the brydge now for some weeks i can now say the following. the hindges actually do work and blend in quite well, it was their design change regarding the hinges that had me most upset. but the hindges do feel and look a lot more solid   the  unit does make the ipad feel a little heavier than i had ideally wished. but seeing as i  will be taking in on my trips where i wont be taking a laptop . its actually a good trade off weight wise. the pairing of the blue tooth for both keyboard and sound worked first time. travelling with my laptop has always been a concern for me as to leave a laptop in a hotel where you cannot lock it away easily as been my biggest worry. now i can leave the ipad in a room safe or even just pop it in my bag. and whilst the sound is not that great ... its not totally bad  i will /can put up with its lack of quality. or if i really want top sound i will just  plug my headphones in anyways. the keyboard so far and i have typed some 5000 words so far on it is fine the feeling is a little unsual at first but so far bearable. i have not used all the keys and they do take getting used to, i have small finger tips and my nails are not too long so its working okay for me. whist i do wish that the project had been better managed , the initial lack of communication and its late shipment annoyed the heck out of me .  but now i have my brydge  it will at least allow me to go on vacation and not have to lug my laptop with me but yet keep in touch and write my blogs. can i say i will recommend the brydge to others ... not sure i want to risk my reputation , but can i say that now that i finally have my brydge do i like the product sure.... for those still waiting all i can say is hang in there . i have backed other projects on kickstarter and all i can say that the other ones have been okay. and the ones where i am waiting for the goods the communication updates have been top notch.
brydge arrived in the uk nice metal chassis but keys permanently stuck down and speakers won't pair. requested an exchange.
just sent an email requesting a refund!!!!
now that i received my brydge, any news about the promised free sleeves ?
7 days ago i left a comment here. i'd received a personal message from brad promising that he would see that my brydge got shipped asap. i felt good at the time. unfortunately, not much happened since then. i'm still waiting in switzerland, no signs of a shipment, and radio silence once more. back to square one. nuff' said.
received brydge today in the netherlands. so far so good. nice look and feel. pairing went smooth. expected a bit more from the speakers. happy with the product but learned my lesson about kick starter. ideas are great but there is no way telling if people behind the idea are capable of realizing their idea the proper way.
two brydges+ ordered from april 2012 and one received today. its box has arrived broken and open. no idea when the second one will arrive, it's a nightmare...
uk backer here. keyboard arrived thismorning. seems to work fine but the speakers aren't pairing. i havent spent much time with it yet but the spacebar seems a bit slow. quality seems alright but i regret backing. i have an ipad mini now so its use is limited. definitely overpriced, too late, and a total shambles of a project. never backing an $100+ project again thanks tothis experience. used the keyboard to type this comment. corrected most of the errors from it but not all. keep pressing up instead of shift which is a pain.
so, time ticks past like the passing seasons and still no sign of the fully paid up brydge ipad keyboard. despite numerous messages (99% ignored) i still have not a clue when the product will be shipped to me, much like so many others here - smatterings of earlier in the project when the team ignored all backers as well. now we read that the speakers are poor and keys are sticking, were these not these not the very reasons apart from the ever changing hinge that the project was delayed so that they could be sure of getting the quality right???? beginning to think delays were caused by finding the cheapest way to mass produce the thing! remember main reason i backed was that it was to be apple quality, the keyboard that is missing from the apple line up. such high hopes for the project, but singularly this has stopped me backing kickstarter projects and waiting with dread for the product i will receive. dearly wish to be proven wrong though... pull your finger out a d ship the damn product!
i got my brydge+ this morning.  the brydge fullfills all my expectations ! it looks perfect, and also works perfectly well. all the keys work very reliable (at least the ones i used sofar), also didn't have to pay any customs on top of my pledge. the only remark i could make is that it is also advertised as being an extra powerpack for the ipad, no connection options out of the box though (no cable from mini-usb to apple 30-pins included).
my brydge is at the post office to be picked up. i hope i have a good one...
my space bar, and w key don't work reliably... how do i get my keyboard replaced?! this is bs!!!
i am in denmark and i just received my brydge this morning. i think i have been pretty vocal in my distaste for how this kickstarter has been handled. ever since they missed the original shipping date, and then missed it again, and then again. i'm sitting here typing this message on my brydge – i think it is a poor product. the keyboard is not great, and none of the symbols seem to match the corresponding key markers (i still have not discovered how to do a semicolon). some of this may be due to regional differences, but considering the length of this thing's production, a solution should have been found. the speaker, which is one of the primary reasons i pledged for this thing in the first place, is terrible. it sounds tinny and of low quality and much worse than the default one. like, i've paid 40 dollars more for something that is essentially worthless and objectively worse than what i've already got. why, exactly? all this would be okay if the thing hadn't been so expensive and if we hadn't been dragged around by the noses for 4-5 months. no communication, no responses, constant excuses while apparent non-backers got their brydges before we did, and cheaper at that. i eventually got mine and it seems to work. aside from the speakers, it is not completely awful and i don't seem to have the sticky key problem, but it definitely isn't worth the cash or the hassle. the speaker irks me more than anything, as it is essentially wasted money. the brydge is not a bad idea, but the way this whole process has been handled is shameful and disrespectful towards valid customers. i would still like a refund, but at this point i'm not going to bother, because i don't want to keep any further contact with this company. (i also never received any kind of coupon code for the neoprene sleeve)
no brydge yet in singapore. i have to say, i'm pretty disappointed with the entire process. the brydge may well be a great product, although i [still] have no way of determining this for myself, but brad, your supply chain logistics suck the big one.
as you chose to ignore us backers i see little point in even trying to be nice. what is the status of the keyboard?  have you made sure we are not going to get defective keyboards?  who do i call in case the keyboard is defective. ziv  disappointed client you don't care about
this is information for you uk backers who are wondering what's going on. i am a uk backer, and i received my brydge today - 16 feb at 10am. it was delivered by royal mail postman with royal mail 'signed for' recorded delivery sticker on the box.  i had received no tracking information or delivery estimate to this before i received the package. the last reply email i had from brydge (whitney) was 2 weeks ago, but was not given a delivery estimate or any further information. the uk warehouse is in east sussex (near lewes) according to the return address label on the package. there was a delivery note in the box saying :  'thank you for your order! your order placed on 15 february 2013' that's a little cute(!), but it means the delivery is handled by royal mail, and once shipped from the warehouse arrives fast. (i wish i'd placed the order yesterday!) re the brydge as a product - similar comments to everyone else. its solid, heavy, nice aluminium finish. keys a little small (of course), which take a bit of getting used to.  i keep missing the 'delete'/'backspace' key since its smaller than the one on the mac keyboards i use.  no sticking keys so far, although they have a different feel and click than mac keyboards.  my one problem key is the shortcut/hot key for home - which should be very useful, and i would use all the time for quick app switching - the key is soft, and doesn't click, and often doesn't register the press. it doesn't stick, but its a pain since it doesn't always work, and feels sort of broken. interested to know if anyone else has a funny 'home' key. the pairing is easy first time, but not finding so easy to easily enable/disable the speakers once they've been paired (to save battery). the speakers are not very good quality. they face you unlike the ipad speakers, but they are not much louder, and are not as rich as the native ipad ones.  hope everyone receives their brydges asap, since new ipads have and will be coming out l, r & c.
brad. where is my brydge ?   i sent e-mail and twitter mention, but i did not receive any answer. please reply me ... about shipping status.
another uk backer sat waiting and wondering what is going on. i've backed a few kickstarter projects and this one seems to be making a determined effort to claim the prize as the most frustrating. i'd be grateful if we were just given some concrete information about what is going on.
still. fecken. waiting. in the uk. nothing. nada. not a hint or sniff of the brydge despite being informed over two weeks ago that the brydge had arrived at their uk warehouses. where the hell is this warehouse? the orkney's or shetland's? if it had arrived at the uk warehouse on the 30th of jan, it would certainly be here by now. have all uk backers been lied to yet again?
so last email on 30th of jan says "our shipment of brydges has arrived in our hong kong and uk warehouses. units are still being processes by our fulfillment company, but they assure us that shipping should begin this week in asia and late next week in europe." i'm not a genius with math but this should mean this week and it's friday here...so let me guess am i waiting for another couple of years?  starting to thinking about a legal action here if i'll have no news soon
i paid international shipping for a product to ship to hk, from hk. and even so, there is still no sign of the delivery. where is it ???!!! geeeez ...
seems im in the same boat as other uk customers still waiting for delivery. the thing that worries more and more about kickstarter and projects like this - is that if you want your money back  - kickstarter quickly washes their hands of any responsibility. so do amazon who then say its down to the kickstarter project owner wishes. so their is no form of arbitration between official source. so far i have back about 12 projects and this project, hidden radio and elevation dock have had issues that have just left backers frustrated...
i finally got my brdge+ here in australia and i have to say it is a pretty awesome product.  the only complaint i have is that the speakers aren't the greatest (i wish i could use the keyboard speakers at the same time as my ipad's native speaker) and the cover stickers for the hinges arent very sticky and come off quite easily.  i also think the new hinge design looks slick. pretty happy overall, i just hope next time the team can get things done within their inital timeframe. thanks brad and team.
my brydge+ arrived friday afternoon. as i didn't get any prior tracking information, it was a very welcome surprise. i did a little bit of testing, and it seems to work well- i don't seem to have any keys sticking like some other reviews, the connection worked well, and it seems very solid quality construction. the new hinge also seem to be a very solid improvement (grips and otherwise functions well and it looks great). the new hinge design also seems quite a bit more durable and compact (so it won't take up additional space or add much additional thickness to the brydge & ipad). so far so good, and looking forward to receiving the neoprene case whenever it ships.
i got a nice reply directly from brad : "brad leong tuesday feb 12 2013, 1:58pm est i will see to it that your order is updated and shipped asap.  thank you!" okay, at least they're responding. and i feel better. see guys @brydge? even the smallest message, even insignificant, can make the difference between a good or bad customer service experience!
i said my brydge was defective before and after that i sent some messages to brydge team. but... actually  they did nothing,  no response, no replacement procedure, nothing. so, if you got defective brydge like me or you broke it, everything is over. you will never get a replacement. they will do nothing.
my brydge+ arrived yesterday (also australia). it took a few tries to get the keyboard to connect, i am not sure why. i ended up holding down the keyboard buttons for about 5 seconds (a few times) and it eventually connected, but i am not certain that was what did the trick. now that it is paired, there are no issues. i can turn it off and on and it reconnects without an issue. the keyboard looks great and it is a nice solid build. everyone who has seen it so far (i took it to work today) really likes it. the main downside for me is just the weight of it. i already feel that my ipad 3 is quite heavy for my bag and the brydge+ adds a lot more weight. it will be great to take on holiday later in the year when we will be staying in one location for 5.5 weeks and i will be able to use it for emails and a holiday journal. the only other thing is that i had a leather sticker on the back of my ipad (from zagg) and i had to pull it off to fit it in the brydge hinge. i still have the invisible shield on the front of the ipad, but it has marks on it since using it with the brydge so i am not sure that it will last. i am not sure what to do about the back of the ipad. the regular invisible shield option would be thinner than the leather sticker that i had on it, but i think that it is likely that the brydge hinge will be too tight for it....so i am debating what to do. i might need to put it in a case when i am not using the brydge. anyway, i am very happy with the brydge+ and it looks and works great with my ipad 3. i hope that the rest of you still waiting receive it soon.
i'd requested the original hinge numerous times to have the original hinge. i received mine yesterday with the new hinge. no communication that i'd be getting the new hinge. no apology in advance. nothing. these guys were going to work with the people who wanted the original hinge and i quote:  "also, for anyone who prefers the original hinge design, we are continuing to work on a solution for you. we definitely want everyone who pledged and has supported us to be satisfied with the reward they receive. you are the reason we are able to take this product from concept, through production and soon, into reality." and just like francis, no cover to go with it!
received a notification from ups yesterday! i have to pay 33 euro for shipping!!!??? i´ve payed 35 dollar here for international shipping! this is a big deception, the brydge team take the money for shipping and we have to pay again!!!!!
i really recommend that people send messages to the twitter account @the_brydge.  i got a response reasonably quickly, and i was infomed of my tracking number.  actually, dealing with the twitter account was the best customer service i recieved.
still waiting in switzerland. got the funny email about providing proof i did pay for the international shipping fee (i had to dig through my may 2012 paperwork, nasty/dusty work). that was day before yesterday and nothing since... radio silence... i don't like that. actually, i am not enjoying any of that... the product lost its appeal to me (even more now that other manufacturers are launching beautiful keyboard cases on a bi-monthly basis). and what's worse than having to wait for a product you don't really want anymore... well, having paid for it and not received it sherlock!!!
still waiting... no notification, no tracking, no brydge. are they even in the uk warehouses??
got my brydge as well today.  i am also in australia.  on thing i have noticed that you need to have the english keyboard active. i have three languages set up and this will be something to take used too.
got my brydge today (i live in australia). here's my review http://mondyboy.com/…
though i left comment and sent you a message about my failed product which i got  but currently no response from brydge team.    i didn't pay 245usd for speaker, i paid it for bt key board. so please, replace to other brydge+ which completely works, not like one i got  or refund immediately. at least, you have a responsibility to resolve this matter, don't you?
have received it today during chinese new year in singapore. really satisfied with the product and glad that it finally arrived. good luck for the future, the brydge team.
in the uk, and still no brydge. looks like the asia units are shipping but why not the uk?
do the page up/down and function key actually work? i could not make it work in the safari ...
am in taiwan, received my brydge (no speakers) today. no shipping notification, just showed up in a big parcel. i was worried because the  chinese new year holidays will start tomorrow and will last around 9 days. the build quality was good with no stuck keys, pairing was also smooth. just glad i received it. good luck to all still waiting. happy new year of the snake!
maybe i should fly to hk and take it myself. still waiting here in taiwan. 幹！
btw got my neoprene case with mine as well. i'll also post updates on its use, with my opinions. so far pairing was a breeze with both the keyboard and the speakers.  keys feel good and responsive and the frame is solid. more to come after extended use.
mine got delivered today, it looks great. i had my ups tracking number last week. i am going to slim through the comments and grab some advice from those who got theirs earlier to see some do's and don'ts .
pro-tip: use the clear 'stickers' they include in the packaging to protect the back hinges where they rub against whatever surface you're on. i cut off the little tab and did this after seeing a shocking amount of wear occurring to the aluminum after only a couple of days. brushed aluminum surfaces that have worn smooth are just ugly. also, don't know if anyone has noticed this but the hinges on mine are not completly perpandicular to the ipad and seem to be starting to bend further out of alignment with use. at first i just thought the ipad wasn't seated all the way into the clamps, but this issue has been made obvious by the fact that the hinge wear i described above is starting to occur only on the outside edges.
sitting here in thunder bay, ontario. still nothing. is this thing coming?
if the brydge's where in your uk warehouse at the time of this update then i should have received it by now.... it's now 8 days since the update. even with 2nd class royal mail delivery it should have been here days ago, and i've yet to receive a shipping email/tracking number. have i been lied to yet again??
in the uk, and still haven't heard anything..... still no brydge. fed up waiting.
still no word. in dublin. any ideas anyone?
just received my brydge+ speakers. the package included the black case as well for anyone wondering about the case. didn't try the keyboard yet but the keyboard package was open, i am sure to test the keys. i hope everything is good with it.toronto, canada.
any asian backers got their brydge or at least a delivery notification? am in taiwan.
in south korea .. no information of shipment or delivery ... please let me know ...  where is my brydge ?
brydge received 5 days after the last update, thanks guys!
still nothing.
hi brad, eddy and sam. thanks for the brydge. it arrived. now ups wants me to pay € 46,49 for the shipment. even though i added shipment costs to my pledge, long long time ago. please contact ups and fix this. thanks in advance. regards, frank.
alright, i've been trying not to complain publicly, but can't hold back any longer. according to update #17 sent on january 31, "...shipping should begin this week in asia." that was last week. not sure what others' experience has been post this update, but almost a week later and i haven't received a shipping notice. when i emailed info@thebrydge to ask what was up, i literally got a copy / paste of an email that was sent to me a week earlier (before update #17). brad and team - it is incredibly insulting that you can't give a real response to a backer that believed in your idea and helped fund it. really disappointed.  also, it's much more frustrating to be strung along than to just be given an honest update on what's going on. if you think brydge's will realistically ship in march, fine, you missed your target by 5 months, but at least you're being upfront with your backers. i much prefer that to useless monthly updates with no real / true update.
just wondering. be respectful and considerate; that's what brad and friends ask us to be. how respectful and considerate are they?
i just received an email requesting proof of payment of the international sipping costs ?!?! i paid my pledge including international shipping in april 2012, it's a bit disappointing to now find that i have to provide proof,of this,a you guys do not seem to have your administration in order.!?!?! sill waiting for my abridge ....
thank you for the response brydge. awaiting ups notification.
>>tim falls:  same boat here... no brydge... although when i inquired they claim to have sent an email that maybe ended up in my junk folder telling me i owed them $20 us extra for shipping... despite me communicating with brad a few times through kickstarter messaging (nothing mentioned to me then)... they wanted proof sent to a separate email which i provided last night. no word back from them: 1. acknowledging receipt of payment; or 2. acknowledging my brydge will be shipped immediately. whole thing i know is supposed to help guys get into the market - and i'm sure these guys are getting an "education" but this is the first project i've backed where the hair on the back of my neck is standing up. waiting for a response brad/team @brydge....  message me on kickstarter pls!
sorry...i have my brydges. i got the brydge and another project mixed up. i do love the brydge! :-)
if you won't answer my email (sent jan 22), i see no alternative than to publicly publish my comment =========================================================================== i am extremely disappointed that i have not yet received my brydge. i pledged my $250 in march of last year, making it now a little over 9 months that i have been waiting, with no notification of how much longer i shall have to wait. in the meantime, a number of highly comparable competitive products have come to market, most of them at a fraction of the cost i pledge very largely on the basis of kickstarters reputation. adding insult to injury, you have ignored my requests for information where, in the early days, you were very quick in responding to correspondence where you were very conscientious on the early days all in all, i have found my experience with brydge extremely disappointing and this has very negatively impacted on my willingness to back any future kickstarter projects. now my ipad is virtually an old relic and i don't see myself getting more than 6 months usage out of my brydge, coming there at a cost of over $40 per month. i am utterly disgusted by this experience.
i live in the us and i haven't seen a brydge or any notice of shipment. i thought i was a pretty early backer. where are my 2 brydges.
overall, very impressed.  2 things i wish were there, or to consider for future iterations: 1.  keyboard navigation, esp. through emails.  i want to use the keyboard (most naturally, the direction keys plus alt or fn or ctrl) to go from one email to the next.  2.  with the keyboard paired, the dictation button goes away.  i like having the keyboard, but i still like to dictate using the ipad's built in dictation system.  maybe both of these are ios issues rather than brydge issues, but thought i'd share.
@russ, i do agree that the small shift key did cause some issue but i'm getting used to it. i still have mistakes here and there but i'm able to move around better and fix them quickly. i'm not this team's biggest fan but you will get used to the smaller key. however, i do wish you luck with the crux. this project did leave a sour note and, aside from the pebble, it's the last major ks investment for me. i now stick to smaller amounts so if it falls through it's not a huge loss on my part.
this is easily the best made product i have ever backed (note: i don't know how the pebble is yet). but my productivity with my ipad has gone way up and i love the way it feels. just want to add my .02 to help you guys out for the next product iteration: 1) the power button is very poorly placed, and i hit it too frequently when using the keyboard. 2) i'd rather pay for a light-up keyboard than built in speakers. i don't know what that would do to the brydge's power consumption though (which right now, without speakers has been phenomenal). 3) the speaker holes are too large. crumbs and dust can easily enter. they should be shrunk down as much as possible in a future iteration. 4) i can't believe that apple didn't make this product instead of a small indie company. it's that good. easily the best money i've ever spent on electronics accessories
have to say i agree with russ below; the brydge is very well made and mine works great too but the rightshift key is not well placed or sized. i'm keeping mine and will learn to deal with it but i urge the guys to enlarge it for v.2. not disappointed that i bought it but the right shift key is the only thing that keeps me from recommending the brydge enthusiastically.
loving my brydge with speakers!!  thanks for agreeing to bless the original backers with a free carrying case!! i'll look out for the email!
i've had my bridge keyboard for awhile now, and overall, with one exception, it has worked well.  i have had no sticky keys, it charges and works very well, but ... the tiny right shift key has been a really huge problem.  i was so hoping that during development they would not reduce the shift key size, but they did anyway, and after much negative feedback on this point, they left the shift key too small.  bummer!  i'm now waiting for the cruxskunk to come out, their keyboard really is full size!  i'm giving my brydge to my son, he types without ever using the right shift key, so he should be ok with the brydge.  for me, it hasn't worked out.
i can't imagine how brad and team can possibly rationalize their lack of communication to backers.  i responded to an e-mail from whitney on boxing day asking for a phone number to facilitate shipping to canada (would have been better to have asked that in the beginning) and despite a couple more e-mails to her requesting a status update, i've heard nothing.  i'm in toronto and it seems other canadians have received their brydges.  having said that, it sounds like some americans are still without. i fear the half-sized shift key will be a deal breaker for me - it's the reason i abandoned the adonit writer ii.  the cruxskunk and clamcase pro are looking good to me at this point.  pretty disappointing experience overall.  talk about shooting yourself in the foot.  product issues/delays aside, transparency and regular communication would have at least kept backers informed and on board.  it's too bad.
the brydge has now responded to my queries: @the_brydge: @mondyboy shipments have made it to the hong kong warehouse and are being processed. shipments on their way to the uk warehouse now. and for australians: @the_brydge: @mondyboy i believe australia will be shipping out of the hong kong warehouse, so should be shipping out late this week/early next.
@michael groll well said.  i just don't think they're listening anymore.  we're now 29 days without an update.  i've also pinged the brydge twitter account without any luck. of course when we finally do get an update i bet it reads like it's all business as usual.
may i ask where is my product?
yes please respond. still waiting in canada
@ulrich and all the others still waiting: i totally second that. waiting that long for a product many people here say to be less than stellar...the least we can expect now is a clear statement from brad:  how many items have been shipped so far?  how many are still not shipped?  when will the last ones be shipped for us/european/asian/.../ customers? what are the procedures for faulty devices shipped to oversea customers (instant replacement free of charge? refund?)? why the additional delays? why the lack of communication? what are your plans to make up for it? so guys, get your act together and honor the contract you have signed here as well as we. besides the fleeing patience and the growing unrest, i still hope to receive my brydge a.s.a.p. here in germany.
also when it will arrive in australia? thought for sure i'd have it before i go on holidays in mid feb, any chance at all of that happening?
any new news on the brydge...? like when will it arrive in the uk...?
please respond... brad.. impossible you guys don't online at all..
so... what ulrich said.
where is my brydge?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
@alexander i'm betting it won't. i've seen nothing but positive reviews. i'm chomping at the bit to get mine.
ive had the brydge but im a bit disappointed. i hope the pebble doesnt disappoint
also for me, still no brydge in the netherlands. what is happening? john
also got my brydge (with speakers) (in canada). have to say at this point i had given up every recieving anything. i was asked for my phone number before christmas, heard nothing so i asked for some confirmation last week, still no response, then it suddenly shows up at the door. was a little put off at opening the ups box and finding the white brydge box ripped in a corner and the top flap already open. also seemed strange that despite all the shim options in the box, they pre-glue the ipad 2 clear shims on and tell you in the instructions to scrap off the residue if you choose to change them (easier said then done). why not just ship them with no shims on and we pick when we open it? besides that, all the keys seem functional, the small right shift doesn't bother me. already caught myself reaching to where my fingers expect a trackpad to be. not very impressed with the speaker, doesn't seem much louder then what's built in and the sound seems more 'tinny'. there was no neoprense cover included despite earlier communications saying it would ship with it. i guess that didn't include us canadians.
update on free neoprene covers for backers?
got my brydge (with speakers) a few days ago (in canada). i had missed an email from them asking for a phone number. i replied and got an answer in a timely manner. i then got a tracking number and a week and a half later got my brydge, i was expecting a sleeve with it, as backers mentioned they got it at the same time but i'm told it will ship later. as for the keyboard itself, it's fantastic. i only have a problem with one key which is stiffer than the rest but otherwise it's really great. it clearly has a cool factor! i get a lot of "wow! what's that and where did you get it?" from people seeing me with it. from my experience, they're responsive to emails and this product is great. i'm a happy customer.
am still awaiting word on shipping status.   well past estimated oct 2012 shipping date.  am one of 2227 backers (page 37) at $210 level and with no further information.  patience evaporating.  please advise.
"be fair to the backers and come clean with a real explanation as to why?"
it seems international shipments are arriving but us shipments are yet to be fulfilled. guys, seriously i think an update is necessary to come clean with product and arrival expectations. there have only been a handful of backed projects reaching over three quarters of a million dollars and you would think you would support those who invested hundreds and thousands of dollars into your company with honesty. you may be reading the posts and think asses of those who are bashing you...but think where we all stand from the investors point of view? it's been very discouraging and unfair to those who have come onto kickstarter hoping to benefit from the same success. be fair to to the backers and. one clean with a real explanation as to why! i hope you guys do the right thing, i can't imagine you would let this story end on a bad note.
got my le brydge today (wlg, new zealand.)  new clips are great, they hold the ipad perfectly and much less in-your-face than the original design looked.  pairing was a breeze thanks to the very handy quick start guide.  typing is quite natural and no problem at all, it's very responsive and all the function keys seem to work well.  speaker is okay quality at medium volume, but nothing special.  my only gripe is the quality of the labels on the keys which seem fairly poor.  otherwise very happy.  thanks guys!
twitter: @bradleong @the_brydge this company really sucks. i never gonna buy something from them again.
brad, you logged on 4 days ago can we please have an update for the project and what's happening with the international products that have been held back.......
so, you know how 21 days ago you said you were going to update on your progress for international shipping, you were just pulling our legs, yeah?
hi, i am living in montréal, and i still don't have my brydge, is it normal ? please answer
hi folks, where is my brydge ? (frustrated in hong kong)
well, i filled out the delivery confirmation for my retail starter kit in october.  sent reply to the shipping confirmation quote early december.  that's the last time i've received any communication (sans the update here & there)!!!  i live in southern california for crying out loud??  how hard can it be to get them here?!?!?  and after seeing the ongoing complaints about quality, etc., i'm starting to really have regrets. and the "oh, we expect the delivery by october", which is the only reason i ordered the retail kit in may!  well, so much for christmas, and now with all the copies out there, this turned into a costly lesson!!!
the only question i have in mind now is what can we do with this really disappointing project. i have backed this project and ordered 10 units and got nothing, even though my shipping address is in the us. whom do we complain to? kickstarter says they have nothing to do with the agreement. do we email amazon? what can we do if we never get our brydges shipped?
this delay is way too long... please respond... i am from singapore.
where is my brydge ? i did not receive any e-mail or something about shipment or delay. please let me know present status !!!
finally received my brydge today... what a complete and utter let down. so far during this process i've witnessed huge delays (understandable given the scope of the project) without communication (not okay). finally received a shipping number only to wait a week and find that it was lost. second attempt shipping label was filled out incorrectly and took me several days to rectify with no help from whitney of the brydge team, in the end i was lucky enough to speak to supervisor in ups who sorted it all out. the product arrived and guess what, i did not receive my laser engraved number as paid for, a couple of the keys are sticky and the speakers are actually worse than the ipad's own built in ones. with the exception of the clips at the back i see no good reason to choose this over a zagg. a very sad experience but fortunately the only one i've had with kickstarter. now i will try and claim some money back but i'm not holding out much hope. i truly believe that this company should be publicly shamed for the way that they have dealt with the very supporters that made their dream a reality in the first place.
still no brydge(s). paid for two and feel like this project is dead. sad part is if us shipments were already sent as of the last update they made on the 31st, i should have already received mine in the mail. i live only 15 minutes away from there headquarters, taking 16 days to arrive is ridiculous. really disappointed, don't know what else to say. this is the only backed project of 40 plus that failed to deliver.
i think i gonna start a "brydge is the latest kickstarter project ever" facebook page and a matching wikipedia article.
@all: we should consider a mass action! let's sue them if they won't communicate!
i am a backer for the brydge without speaker in japan. i have been patient for waiting for more than a half year and still waiting, without  responses for my e-mail asking the situation of the shipment. reading an article on the brydge available on the website the other day,  i was somewhat disappointed at this whole picture. you may probably focus on the original backers at first. what does it mean by becoming a backer for this project ? somebody got their bridge much more easily with no frustration, no stress and less money. how come the kickstarter involve in these kinds of project management ? while impressed with the concept in may, i really hope the whole process ends shortly.
latest post suggest several weeks delay for international - read second class - backers. i have fully supported the quest for quality and the impact on timing i have seen this in many of the 30+ projects i have backed but this vague reason about product slipping through quality control doesn't say what the issue is or take ownership for it get specific  i am really disappointed
in toronto , canada and still waiting patiently
where is my brydge? i cannot understand what is happening with you, no news at all. still waiting to know the date my brydge will be shipped to my home in spain. is there anybody in this company who can give any news to international customers? what's happening with you?
where is my brydge..  shipping started yet ?   anyway this is a good opportunity to reconsider backing unknown product , or not trustworthy product in kickstarter.  i am not a millioner, i can't afford to back this kind of product,  i wont be a backer in kickstarter for a fishy product.
hey guys, i was really hoping to have got my special edition brydge for the holidays, but i understand how that didn't quiet happen. an update for the international people still awaiting for a delivery date would be awesome! and i m really hoping mine won't be delayed even more than my friends non etched speaker model. thanks guys
i've been using the brydge for about a month now and i really like it overall. does anyone know if there is a way to use the keyboard to send a message in imessage without having to tap on the send button? also, that tiny right shift key is pretty annoying and it always moves me up a line!
yes i received mine a couple of days ago in canada had trouble with the w key also a little stiff.  must be something with that w key.  but love the look.  works great and looks fantastic.   i would definitely purchase this in a store.
first keyboard was faulty with the keys sticking.  received a replacement keyboard this week and i am noticing  world of difference.  all around very solid.  as with others i agree that there were some frustrations along the way, but i also know that it is the nature of the beast with kickstarter.  being an early adopter increases the risk of disappointment.  so far i feel that i am ahead on this one.
the top left corner of my keyboard stopped working. i can't type qs, ws, as, and tab doesn't seem to function anymore. ..also the "home" button. ..i'm mad.
woohoo! it finally arrived today! just in time for my wife's birthday today! it"s been a long hard struggle with virtually no updates to get to this point. i am writing this review on the brydge as we speak! let me start off with the positives. the new hinge design is amazing and personally i think it is much better than the old design which was very bulky and plastic looking whereas the new design is very low profile and very low key. i like it! the body of the brydge is out of this world. the material used is solid and very apple like and everybody that has seen the brydge today thinks that i bought a macbook air so that is very much a positive. the product itself feels very solid and the combined weight of the ipad and brydge is quite heavy but i like that but my wife and her sister commented that they really would like it to be lighter but each to his or her own i suppose. the shipping was not an issue and i tracked the shipment all the way to my front door and pleasantly i did not get charged any extra brokerage fees or customs fees as i have done many times before with other shipments from ups or fedex. kudos to brad and the team for "eating" the brokerage and customs fees. given my previous experiences with brokerage and customs fees i'd say that they absorbed anywhere from $50-$100 which on a $200 product is quite a chunk of change. after everything we have been through with the delays and design changes and lack of communication, that was a really classy move and i tip my hat to you guys and say thank you!  i'm not sure but given some of the vitriol and hatred in the previous comments it seems a lot of the backers may have missed this point. the keys across the top row are a nice addition and are very useful. changing the shims was a very easy process and i didn't have a problem with the glue as some other backers have had. you have to be careful and take off the old shims slowly and all the adhesive will stay on the old shim as you pull it off. pairing it with the ipad was very easy and i had no problems pairing the speaker either. although the instructions do have some errors in them and need to be updated. the packaging was done very well and my brydge came intact quite snug in it packaging and it had not come out of the box like some other backers have found. also, the sleeve was included and i am using it carry my brydge and ipad around and it is quite a nice sleeve. now onto the bad. the smaller right shift is really not that usable as you have to be very careful you do not hit any other key when you try to use it. in my case, this is not such a big issue as i am quite comfortable using the left shift key instead. also, i would have liked the enter key to be bigger as well as it is pretty small for my big chunky fingers. however this is not a deal breaker in my opinion. the biggest letdown it seems is how the keys were assembled. i think the manufacturing of the entire product was done very well but the real breakdown is with the shoddy assembly. although i have not been unfortunate that any of the keys are sticking or stuck under the body, i do have some keys that are sitting very low. the whole bottom row of keys is low and there is very little movement when you press them down. is this a deal breaker or something to get my knickers in a twist about? absolutely not! however i do feel that we have been collectively screwed by very sub-par third world sweat shop assembly. it's almost like buying a ferrari but then taking it the local incompetent back street body shop and asking them to put it all together for you. in closing, i love the product and will be using it a lot and am happy that i backed this project and finally got the product in my hands but i also feel that we were screwed over by some third world sweat shop whose assembly takes some of the shine off an otherwise fantastic and very innovative product!
got my brydge today and i am one of the more vocal people complaining about brad and co. it's a pretty cool unit. i don't think that i will ever get used to the placement of the right shift key but its pretty solid all around. my only complaint is that the "w" key seems to be very stiff. hopefully it will loosen up. other than that things seem to be pretty good. speakers are louder than the one on my ipad so no major complaints... yet.
uk based and still not even a email...... :(
william, they have no idea.  so don't expect an answer - other than something vague like sometime in the next few weeks.
hello, i am getting fed up with the delays and would like someone to tell me exactly when i, in australia, will can finally expect my brydge to show up? thanks, wg
took delivery of my bridge today, in vancouver canada. keyboard and speakers working well as i type having unboxed it 10 mins ago. thanks guys! :o)
i got an email asking me for which courier i preferred to use for my retail kit. this was around 7 weeks ago. since then, i have not received any update.. could someone from the team please come back to me!!! i pledged over 1500 and i was really looking forward to getting my brydges on time.. seems like i'll be the last one to get my reward.. if i end up getting anything of course...!!!
i received mine and it is working fine, but man oh man this thing weighs a ton when connected with the ipad.
hi brad because of the new delay with international shipments i need my shipping address changed again. i have contacted you, hope you can acknowledge me just to confirm thanks.
over waiting! hurry up guys! you estimated these would all be shipped out by october last year!? since then you have released a new, cheaper version of the brydge?! why!? you should really focus on delivering goods on time to those customers who have already supported/paid money to you instead of trying to continually seek new customers (without updating your website or the photo's of your old design). this is the first kickstarter project i have backed and it has been very frustrating to say the least! all i can say is, whenever it gets here, it better not be faulty!
not happy.  just got my brydge and the first time i used it, the enter key fell off and several other keys stuck in the down position.  just sent an email but based on the comments i've read, i most likely will never hear back from them about returns or refunds.
just got my brydge today. some general comments. ymmv. i was one of the limited edition model pledgers. i also have a logitech ultrathin. build quality for my brydge is great. no stuck keys. hinges hold my ipad 4 just fine. speaker is ok (i wasn't expecting much). aesthetically the new hinges clash with the rest of the overall design, but they're working for me. i'm over it. as others have mentioned, the keys are a little small on the right side of the keyboard. i *much* prefer the logitech layout and key size selection. but neither design is perfect when compared to a full keyboard, so i'll stick with the brydge to give it a fair road test. on the flip side, i *much* prefer the little rubber legs on the bottom of the brydge. it keeps the brydge from sliding around on a table. the logitech doesn't have them and it seems to slide around more than i would like. so, the tricky question: $170 for the brydge vs. $76 for the logitech? is it worth $100 more? i don't think so. especially if you're concerned with the typing experience. logitech made a very nice product. anyway, there you go. i've got my brydge and will use the heck out of it for a month to see how it holds up. it came 2.5 months later than promised. as for all the internet outrage and anger, you're welcome to it. maybe they deserve it. or maybe it's time put your keyboard disappointment in perspective.
i have been very patient from the start knowing that i am backing a project to help out someone else that has the guts to do something like this. i don't mind the wait since like anything things, nothing always goes as plan.  sure there could be more updates but hey, they are young/new at this. this is a startup venture. saying that, it's not cool when initial "investors" do not receive a return when brand new investor are immediately rewarded. also, it's not cool when new "investors" can invest for a lot less. that's my 2 cent. patiently still waiting for the returns.
i'm not sure why any of us - including me - would bother to comment here.  i'm sure the brydge guys are reading the howls of anger, but it's clear to me that they're so over their head with issues that they simply don't know how to respond.  when it comes to business and customer service, they're like children - fumbling around in the dark with only a vague understand of what do next.  the thing is, a professional company would have taken down their kickstarter video - which sits proudly on their main website - that shows the old hinge.  in fact, they would have used some of the money we gave them to reshoot that video the moment the decision was made.  a professional company would also not suggest or hint that they'd have a solution for those who still wanted the original hinge when it's clear as day they never intended to do anything.  a professional company would also, by now, someone who deals full time with customer service and provides (a) responses to emails (b) responses to comments here (yes i know it's the lion's den, but ignoring it doesn't make it go away and (c) provide timely updates that make sense and provide actual timelines. but this is not a professional company.  so really, we should also stow our anger and take a step back and resign ourselves to the fact that there will be no refunds, that customer service will always be crap and that the product will arrive sometime in 2013.  hopefully.  maybe. i'm sure i'll love it when it arrives.  but the experience has been a nasty one and leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
can you let me know how i can go about returning my brydge and getting a prompt refund? not at all happy with the hinge and rubber adhesive mounts for my ipad 3. not working here and yes i have followed the instructions on how to properly install the rubber mounts. thank you! dan
i was one of the first backers and still haven't gotten anything but a newsletter and a survey from brydge. how are people buyimg second units when i can't even get the first one i paid for 6 months ago. i've used kickstater before and never had these type of problems with getting products. you would think kickstater would get involved.  when will you be shipping out the units? christmas has come and gone and the gift never arrived.
from the update, does it mean the quality of the products meant for int'l backers like me are not up to the standard compared to the us and canadian brydges and need further qc? wtf! what kind of excuse is that to further delay shipping?
i'm not surprised that many people are having problems with this project. i have requested for a refund last year in oct but no reply yet so far. so  i would like to ask you ( whoever in charge of the project) to do us a favor by including how we can apply for a refund in a next newsletter you send so that the info can be shared with people who have same problem as i do.  thanks
i have reported this company to the bbb  (their information is in the bbb database already) and ftc.  i urge everyone who is still getting the runaround from them to do the same.  a company like this needs to learn that their customers should never be treated like this.  i don't know if there is any process to report these crooks to kickstarter, but i'm looking into it.
ridiculous company.  this latest update is basically insulting.  there is absolutely no reason i should not have my (by most reports) shoddy $210 paperweight by now.  these delays are unacceptable, unwarranted, and unnecessary.  i have ordered stuff from china that didn't take remotely this long to receive.  these jokers have had my correct name and address for over 6 months now, and yet the delay is my fault????!!!!  maybe we're supposed to go to ca. to pick it up ourselves????  i don't foresee any success for this company with customer service this bad.
just so we're on the same page.... i pledged $420.00 for two brydges with speakers, not $210.00 for one brydge and $210.00 out of the goodness of my heart!!!
just a quick and simple question: the batch which was delivered to the usa and canada must be different than the one for the international  backers, correct?  i not, i really do not understand the latest update.  i just want to get the device and then forget about " brydge" as a company.  i have the strong feeling that others will follow  in 2013 with the same concept, faster, cheaper and better.
btw....los angeles, california.   how tough is it to get it here???
to whom it may concern: excuse me but this isn't a "me" issue.... it's a "you" issue and i don't appreciate being told i'm the reason for the delay when it is clear that your company is at fault!! i have backed 42 projects on kickstarter in the last 18 months and i know how to fill out the survey, thank-you very much.   so, just to be sure, i checked and my correctly completed survey was submitted on october 16th, two days after you sent it out on october 14th!!!   i have lived in my residence for four years and ups has never had an issue with any delivery!!! this needs to be a lesson for your young, stumbling company that the customer isn't at fault when you're company is showing signs of deflect and blame when it's a backlog on your end..... not mine!!!
i hope this delay for the international backers will mean that the neoprene cover will be shipped with a fault free brydge?
come on!!!! more delays for international customers!!!!! by the freaken time i actually receive the product, the ipad 6 will be out and this contraption will be obsolete!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
very disappointed to see that the newer, cheaper black plastic models have started shipping out already. even before all the kickstarter ones have been sent out. https://twitter.com/the_brydge/status/281197945251057664
here is what i received from them. all international orders are on hold at this time via ups. as soon as the parcels are given the ok they are ready to go. you will receive an electronic tracking label within 24-48 hours of shipment.  thank you & sorry for the international delays!
awful support. no updates about the status for that long is a no go. worst kickstarter experience so far. you had the chance to build something up with substance  but you completely failed.
who do i contact about receiving a brydge with missing/broken keys? outside shipping box was in fine condition, inside brydge packaging looks like its been through the wash. very disappointing after waiting sooooo long.
^^^ still waiting... no email notification... no tracking information... and no brydge =/
stil waiting.. i'm in south korea.. um,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
i am in singapore and nothing yet, not even a message to let us know when or if it will be delivered. it is so much disappointing to see how this evolves and not so much care of customers given by the brydge team. now the question is when do we get the product or when do we get the reimbursement? it should be straight forward answer so that we (the ones left aside) can move on and stop expecting something that may never come.
still waiting. no notification, no brydge. england.
i really want to cancel the pledge. i just want them to be more repectful to the customers. we backed them when they got nothing so that they could make something, and now since they have their money, they are ignoring the customers. frustrating.
so, after 12 hours with the product, it is getting better.  almost feels like it needs to be broken in.
i urge everyone to report this company to the better business bureau.  i know i will.
"do more" with what?  this incompetent company can't even be bothered to ship the product.
i love the idea, but for 210 dollars, this is no where near worth it.  all of my upper row keys are stuck in a variety of positions, none which are functional.  the speaker is ok for what it is.  my  volume keys are stuck as are my brightness keys.  any ideas would be welcome.  good luck!
haven't received a delivery notification email from ups yet... was hoping to give one of my brydge's to my niece for christmas... now, i'd be happy just to get an email notification.
got mine and so far wife loves it. but i'm having a battery draining problem. when closing shut it goes into sleep mode but opening afterwards and battery tends to drain. any suggestions.......
i think all the positive comments here are fakes and there isn't a keyboard actually. i gonna cancel my payment from amazon.
how many keuboards are shipped so far? how many keyboards still need to be shipped?
europe (belgium) and still waiting for it. i really regret the way of communication and updates from their side. i sent already 2 emails without response. very disappointing is there a way to proceed with legal steps in case they don't deliver soon? i want to start a petition?
in italy and still no email or package :(
i was very impressed with my brydge when it arrives and decided to give it to my wife as she's on the go more than i am. she l*o*v*e*s it and finds it tremendously useful, so much so that she purchased another as a christmas gift for me. sweet gal! looking forward to the neoprene case for whoever of us opens the mail that day. thanks. also, i am glad you got it right rather than rushing the project and shipping an inferior device. three cheers!
in the uk and still no email or package :(
also i was pleasantly surprised that the speakers sound so good. it was also easy to pair both the keyboard and the speakers.
finally, i received mine today and i would say it was worth waiting for. i do not have the problems that others seem to have had but i have not used it much yet. great job on this product. i am sure some of the suggestions others have made for the next version would be great if not more expensive. i am moving to an ipad mini so i would love to see a keyboard made for the mini in the same concept. this first edition has already made one of my sons quite happy. he is a university professor and will get a lot of use with it.
by "make them cheaper," i meant lessen the price :p, not make a cheaper quality product...
i think i wanted to *not* like this thing. but it's really nice. i was lucky; no sticky keys, and it works well. it makes an already awesome device even better. i have probably 8 different types of cases and case/keyboards, and this is by far the best and most convenient to use. i do have a question, though, what are the clear shim stickers for? if you ever make a brydge 2.0 (and you should), there are a few things you could do to make it even better: - make the right shift key larger - make the shims black - put a del key on the keyboard - maybe rubberize the tops of the keys so they aren't so hard - push the speakers with an amp; maybe have an option to turn the amp on and off. maybe just make them louder? i don't know much about speakers. - there are people who have said their keys are misaligned, so have better qc. and always, always use esd mats and wrist straps when working on exposed boards. no exceptions. (it looked like from the pictures in the update that the workers were not doing that. this is extremely important.) so my summary review is this: i think $220 is high for this. but if you could make them cheaper, i'd recommend the brydge to a friend. it improves the usability of the ipad a lot. i *really* like this thing. much more than i thought i would. i thought it would go in the junk pile with the rest of my ipad accessories. brad and team, you did a great job. but there are areas where you could make it even better (see the list above). my assessment of how you handled customers and your kickstarter project: poor. sorry, there's no other word for it. you could do better and you should do better. when people put up their hard-earned money on good faith, you owe it to them to communicate to them. that means responding to comments and frequent updates. i do understand that in this case, with the hinge change, it would have been like trying to politely respond to a pit of vipers. but in general, you should do your best to communicate. that's it. a- for the device. d+ for dealing with your backers. overall, i have to say i'm glad i backed this project and if this thing holds up, i think i'll be using it for a long time.
i am from singapore. when am i getting this?
got mine today and had it diverted from my office so i could pick it up.  i am typing this review on it.  it's heavier than i expected and that is ok since it feels like it was made for the ipad.    i am running it and listening to music at the same time.  the speaker isn't a bose but i wasn't  expecting that.    pretty stoked to get it and am looking forward to the case.
i am still waiting for my brydge, my shipping address is in arizona !!!
hi , i am still waiting for my brydge( living in china). very disappointed.
still waiting for my brydge (living in germany). very disappointed with the communication with us backers, i don't care if it takes longer or whatever the problem is, but tell us that there is a delay and that's it. and i read a few doa products, how were these problems solved so far?  merry christmas anyhow :).
edmonton ab canada , still waiting for speaker version here.
in canada (thunder bay, on). any canadians get their brydge yet?
i am also in aussie and have not heard any news on the shipment. i have non issue waiting, just want to be informed when it will happen. still looking very much forward receiving it. any news is very welcomed.
the lack of communication is extremely unprofessional and honestly, quite rude.  us backers made this happen.  please don't take this for granted.
still waiting for brydge with speaker in thailand... will they ship before new year, please give us some updates...
any word on international shipping? i'm an aussie waiting for my bridge+ and would really appreciate an update!
really disappointed with this whole process. these units were supposed to go out in october and obviously that didn't happen. ok, fine, but the communications since the delays have occurred has been really spotty. we keep getting updates that the product is ready to go out and then nothing for weeks. very frustrating and, of course, no way for backers to get their money back. :-(
love the brydge and impressed with the quality feel and build. i own the non-speaker unit and while the right 'enter' key will take getting used to, am quit pleased overall. i no longer began searching for a pouch or sleeve when to my surprise one is in the works. nice touch!! congrats to brad, eddy, sam and the rest of the team. i am glad to have played a small part in your success and may you all have an amazing holiday season.
am concerned that i have not received my unit (ordered apr 26), while my co-worker who ordered his the same day received his two weeks ago.  i've sent three emails to date with no response.  am unable to confirm completion / non-completion of questionnaire, or find any other method to determine status or reason for delay.  how do i make this happen?
i'm really not happy. i won't get this for christmas. people who ordered from their website early december for the same price we paid months ago probably got theirs before we kickstarters all got ours. lame.
update to my previous post regarding troubles pairing the speakers: i was eventually able to get them to appear on the ipad's bt list, it just took numerous attempts.
i received my tracking notification email yesterday and found my shipment waiting for me this evening.  while it's not perfect, i'm impressed with the finished product overall.  my brydge+ doesn't seem to suffer from any of the "stuck keys" defect nor did i have any problems pairing the keyboard or speaker functions.  while i have not encountered the the aforementioned defect, i can easily see how that would be a problem given that the keys are "floating" tiles above their slot openings instead of capped keys that have the sides sealed going underneath to those slot openings. _      as it has already been mentioned, the right shift key takes some getting used to given its reduced size on the keyboard.  another minor nuisance is cleaning the stickum residue when replacing the shims for my ipad 4, but nothing rubbing alcohol and q-tips can't handle.  a couple of other things bug me a little but it doesn't have to do with the with the product itself.  the first is that i can't open up a new browsing tab in safari using either control+t or whatever the mac equivalent is (command+shift+t or command+t).  second, i can't scroll web pages using the arrow keys even when used in conjunction with the function key.  both of these are minor issues since i can use the touchscreen to navigate on my ipad but it would have been nice to have that option.  again, this does not seem to be a brydge design flaw but rather something on apple's side in the os for the ipad. _      i like love the fact that there is no track pad to take up valuable keyboard real estate and the unibody aluminum design of the keyboard is sturdy and of good build-quality.  as an advocate of the original single-hinge design, i must concede that i'm content with the double-hinge version.  i haven't played around with the speaker much, but while i feel it is an improvement, i'm leaning towards thinking it's not worth the extra cost over the non-speaker version.  overall, this is a great first iteration with room for improvement towards the future. _      i have to congratulate brad, eddy, sam, and the rest of the brydge team on this successful endeavor.  it is only fitting that i typed out this assessment using their product even if i keep misplacing the cursor given the shrunken right shift key and its proximity to the up arrow.
received my brydge w/ speakers, love the build quality (haven't experienced any of the key sticking issues some others have), however i am currently experiencing what seems to be the same problem others have with speaker pairing (i turn them on, they make the 4-tone sound, but they do not show up on the ipad's bt menu). hope this can be resolved, because i love the keyboard so far otherwise.
i received my limited edition with speakers today and i love it ... except ... the lock, up, down and right arrow keys stick! :(  i emailed the team for an exchange. i also can't get the speakers to pair.  i followed the instructions.  anyone had the same issue and solved it?
received mine today, spectacular! better then i had hoped! i like everything about it, finish, keyboard, speakers. easy to pair to bluetooth for both keyboard and speakers. perfect "brydge" to apple ipad. you guys did it, through it all. big lesson to be learned here, for all, about believing in yourself. proud to have been a small part of your success. congratulations.......
any canadians get a unit yet? toronto here and still waiting- no emails !
just got my shipping tracking number.  should get it christmas eve.  can't wait!!
ditto. what eric said. still waiting in the uk with no response. i'm not liking the silent treatment here.
i'm in palo alto.
no product, no shipping number. it's not october anymore.
received my brydge on tuesday.  i'm typing this with it right now.  i've owned about 5-6 keyboards over the last 2+ years, including zagg and logitech.  this is by far the best and most usable i've had.  i am using it on my lap right now while riding the ferry to work.  i now call my ipad 3 my "macbook mini."  i was able to use citrix to access my work environment yesterday, and using it while pairing my iphone as the trackpad makes citrix on the ipad a viable option for mobility for the first time. as far as the keys sticking, i think i know the issue.  when i received mind on tuesday it worked fine.  however, yesterday morning while i was carrying it under my arm it slipped out and fell to the floor.  after that, someone at my office pressed the brightness keys and they stuck.  then i noticed that all of the keys were now sticking.  so i realized that maybe when it fell the internal board that the keyboard is on slid over to one side.  being the "engineer" that i am, i decided to give it a semi-gentle rap on the desktop in the opposite direction.  lo and behold, the keys now line up, and no longer stick. all in all, this is a really nice product.  i think the guys should keep refining it in future releases.  perhaps a dual ac charger cord that splices off with one branch being 30 pin, and the other being micro usb, so you can plug your brydge and ipad "laptop" combination into the wall to charge while you're using it at a desk/hotel room/etc.
got my brydge+ today. it looks much nicer than i expected, but what is up with the shift key? for anyone who knows how to type, the keyboard is unusable. i now have a really expensive ipad "stand"!
i found pairing the speaker more than a bit flaky...took me several tries as the brydge wouldn't show up in the bluetooth device list. i have no idea if this is coincidence or not, but i got it to work after i started playing music and went through the pairing process again.
i hope they at least confirm my request for the changed address. i really feel ignored and it doesn't feel good.
just received tracking # for a brydge w/speakers.  eta of dec 24th.
happy to say i received an email and later a shipping advice. will not arrive until dec 27th but at least this is progress. merry christmas to all.
still waiting, no shipping advise, no reply to numerous emails. shocking lack of respect for backers  and general lack of decent customer service. very disappointing overall.
nice work guys!  the keyboard is very impressive when compared to the competitors.  i like the new hinge design and personally think it's more subtle than th original plan.  it's a bit heavier than i planned, but is very solid and supports my ipad 3 well at any angle.  i have not had any stuck key problems which others have reported and the charging/bluetooth fundtions have been problem-free.  the enter key is a bit small and takes getting used to, but it would have been much worse to shrink the size of the keys to accomodate a larger enter key.  overall, i liked it so much that i ordered an extra black brydge+ for the kids and was surprised how quickly it shipped in time for christmas.  i'm looking forward to the brydge case coupon codes which is a nice gift for the kickstarter community.  kudos to brad and his group!
i have no issues charging the brydge+ with the apple ac charger that came with my ipad 2. this charger, as all other apple ios device chargers, is designed to offer a device the amount of power for which the device asks, up to the maximum that the charger can provide. that should ease any fears that you could burn out your brydge.
does anyone know what wall charger i can use to charge it if i'm not near a pc? it only comes with a usb cable. i'm assuming i can use the ipad charger but want to be sure.
still waiting in the uk for the brydge... $210 backer and getting rather frustrated at the lack of feedback here. please respond.
yong soo chung that sucks dude.
i love my brydge! congrats on making a superior keyboard to the competition from the likes of zagg etc. you have set the bar high
hi, got my brydge and it's working properly. it also looks nice and fits well with the ipad 2. the major downside i am seeing right now is the small shift key on the right side of the keyboard. always end up mistyping things and moving up a line. also, it sucks that you can't press the enter key to send a message in imessage. anyone else see this issue? though i think it's a problem with ios and not the keyboard.
i originally backed this project at $150, as an early adopter special.  knowing that i would get one of the first brydge out of the production line, i increased my pledge level to $250.  through ks messages, brad promised me that indeed i would receive mine first... needless to say, i'm extremely disappointed that i haven't received mine yet. if possible, i would like a refund of $250 and you can keep your limited edition brydge.  if not, then i would at least like to get $100 refund for the reasons given above.  thanks.
received unit, not usable, 14 of the keys stick, have to use a pen knife to pry up the keys to use again. poor design or quality control on the keyboard aluminum frame design. wasn't worth the effort to even try the speakers. i would have preferred to wait longer to receive a unit that worked rather than pay $200 plus for something to throw in the trash.
where is my keyboard??? i am in switzerland...
hi, still waiting for tracking info!! milan (italy)
hi, international backer in thailand. we haven't received a shipping notice or anything yet. we were hoping to have this by christmas as it was intended to be a christmas gift, but have no idea when we will receive it. a little communications would be appreciated.
as far as i know i never received any email notification that my brydge+ had shipped but it arrived last wednesday and i've been using it ever since. with one significant exception it is everything i hoped it would be.  the aluminum construction is solid, the new hinge design seems to work as advertised, and the whole thing just looks cool.  unfortunately the keyboard layout with the small right shift key hidden among the arrow keys makes typing a frustrating experience as i am constantly missing the shift key and sending my cursor to the beginning of the line, or to the line above.  if only they had retained the full sized right shift key that they showed in the original videos and pictures i would call this thing perfect.  as it is, it is nowhere near as functional for me as my zagg keyboard case, which i'll be using day-to-day.  like formal clothes, this keyboard will probably end up being pulled out for special occasions.  as much as i like it, i can't recommend it due to the keyboard layout.  it's a shame really because they had the keyboard nailed originally and for reasons i'll never understand decided to change it.
brydge with speaker backer in may with no shipping email yet.  i sent in an email to inquire about my order with no response for over a week.
just spent two days testing the brydge keyboard and i have to say i'm very impressed the tactile feel of the keyboard is outstanding the build quality is outstanding ..... everyone who has seen this keyboard is amazed that this product exists. the only criticism i have is the sound quality of the speaker model is not impressive. if your looking for a quality full size keyboard for your ipad this is the product to get ! i give the speaker model 4 out of 5 stars. the non speaker version 5 out of 5 stars ! thanks to the brydge team for such a great product !
backer of brydge with speakers from atlanta here... still no shipping info...
still waiting on any information regarding my brydge with speakers.  no shipping info.
any international backers got their speaker model? $245 and no information is taking the piss.
@jeff: i'm from la and still no info or package here either. it seems to be happening to too many people.
i still have not heard when i will get my brydge! i paid for the limited edition model. you have not lived up to your contract with me. this is not good enough!
still no info and i live in sf????
still have not received mine.  what gives?
@jason, i checked that black one out. could be priced lower because of the less expensive materials?
i received my brydge + two days ago. i was worried it might be damaged because the outer packaging as well as the inner box were slightly crushed. however, all is well.  i got if for my husband's ipad 3.  he is very techy; very discerning about the quality of items.  he is very happy with the brydge +.  it paired easily with the ipad, the shims to adapt it to the ipad 3 work perfectly and he is thoroughly enjoying it.  i was one of those who was initially disappointed when the style changed on the hinges, but i have to say my opinion has reversed....the new ones are beautiful, functional, and not clunky at all.  the speaker is better than he expected for the size of it....room for improvement here, but not a big distraction to the total brydge + experience.
while i have received mine, i find it interesting that some kickstarter backers have yet to receive theirs, yet people purchasing from their website are already starting to receive.  i also find it interesting that there's now a black polycarbonate model on their website for a cheaper price than what was backed here.
bah humbug so i got my brydge today and was excited to try it out.  unfortunately,  when i opened up the package  i found two it included two right shims for my ipad3 but no left shim.  so i have my brydge but i can't use it because the right shims were not included.
imho< keyboard works great and the configuration with the hinge really does give the feel of a full laptop.  i hated the "lift & plop" of  the zagg.    speaker fidelity  "sucks", the original oem sound much better and fuller. design 10 speakers 2 c'mon guys you need to upgrade speakers, these should be at min. 50% of #hidden radio sound.
@ zetetics - i had the same problem.  although some of the keys loosened up a bit several still stick.  i e-mailed info@thebrydge.com and with in a couple days i recieved a response apologizing for the issue.  they are sending me a return shipping label and sending me a new one.  it appears that some of the keyboards are slipping through the qc process.
still no tracking info yet ..... for milan (italy)
i received mine today. it is horrid. several keys go down and stay down. others stick. i need a replacement or a refund. $210 for a broken keyboard. help!
still no shipping notification. this is ridiculous...
@zee kay: the symbol might be used because apple uses it as well on the software keyboard when you have multiple keyboards enabled (for example, the emoji keyboard in addition to your own). the software keyboard hides this key when there's only one layout enabled, but of course a hardware keyboard can't do that (yet).
i received my brydge + speakers, but while the keyboard will connect over bluetooth, the speakers do not show up as an available device to connect to. i followed all the directions, and the speakers will sound the tones it is supposed to, but still no dice. i have an ipad 2 with the latest software updates. let me know if there is something i can do to fix this! thanks.
@lucas, the "internet" key isn't the internet key.  it's an international keyboard key.  supposely, it allows to switch with any international keyboards you set up for the ipad.  the globe symbol is misleading i know, but apparently a lot of ipad keyboard makers use that symbol to indicate it. *shrugs*
still no tracking info yet ...
just received my brydge+ today, and was pretty impressed with it immediately taking it out of the box. it feels sturdy, seems well-built, securely holds my ipad 2, and was easy to pair. the speaker is adequate - better than the built in one on the ipad, but not awe-inspiring (wasn't expecting it to be). it definitely has more volume than the stock speaker, and directs it foward, both of which i like. after using it for a while, a couple of things that really would have been nice are a larger shift key on the right side. having it half-sized and next to the arrow key is incredibly annoying - i always use the right side, never the left shift, so i find the cursor constantly moving around the page on me. i'll adjust, but it's a definitely annoyance. also, a backlit keyboard (i know, already popularly requested) would have been really nice, as it's a little difficult to use in low-light, but the keyboard is responsive, and luckily i did not experience the misalignment issue that some other have on theirs. the keys aren't quick as durable feeling as some other keyboards i've tried, and i'm a little concerned about the longevity of them, but time will tell. also, as someone else already noted...the internet key doesn't seem to do anything. not sure on that one, if mine just has an issue, or if that key isn't actually tied to anything? overall i'm loving it. looks great, feels great, and is incredibly convenient. the neoprene sleeve offering is more than welcome, as this will be my primary travel device. by the way...full review written with the brydge in a mostly normal amount of time. it's easy to adjust to, minus the quirk with the shift/arrow keys.
one of my office mates got hers today.  i am real jealous.  mine is arriving soon i hope..
i just got my brydge+.  it is amazing!  i love the way the ipad2 sits in the hinge both open and closed.  it even charges while in the brydge!  the instructions added made installing the bluetooth a breeze.  best part: bluetooth keyboard is dvorak compatible (though an option for blank keys for us dvorak users would be a bonus).  i love you guys.  thank you so much! things to improve:  you need to pack in stickers / business cards. i am going on a long trip and i know people will ask me where i got this!  the packing was a bit dinged and the keyboard literally slid out of the box when i opened it.  there was no tape sealing the box shut, so it could have easily been removed enroute.  the package was missing one small paper square where the hinge rubbed up against the aluminum, so there's a tiny black scuff there.
i received my brydge+ today. even though i would have preferred the original hinge, i think that i can live with the new hinge design. i have been using the zagg plus keyboard while i was waiting for the brydge to arrive and i like that one a little bit more. if it had come with a hinge, it would beat the brydge hands down. i agree with john and annette's comments about the speakers. if i had to do it all over again, i'm not sure that i would have backed this particular project. but it's too late to worry about that now. was it worth $210.00? that remains to be seen.
wondering when on earth i will receive my brydge.... still waiting and no idea when it will turn up.
i just received my brydge with speakers today. solid quality so far though the keys are a bit stiff, had a little trouble getting the residue off to put on the ipad 3 shims. like others have said the speakers lack bass, but i do not listen to music that makes me miss it that much.. though i was not worried how this would turn out, the lack of communication was a bit frightening.
@david - point taken about timing but it shouldn't be up to you to make it. judging by the responses left a lot of people are running into the same issues, at the very least i would expect an email from the team advising everyone that they're running into difficulty both shipping and answering queries on time. i'm really not bothered about when i actually receive it, like most other people i just want to be kept in the loop. the radio silence is far more frustrating than any delay!
what does it take to get a response from the bydge folks?  over the past several days, i've left a comment here, sent a couple of emails through via various methods and i haven't had the courtesy of a response.
i received my brydge on friday and quickly noticed that some of the keys were sticking.  i sent an email right away to info@thebrydge.com and returns@thebrydge.com and i have not received a response acknowledging the issue.  a couple of days have gone by now.  i wonder how long it will take for them to get me a replacement if that is the solution.
@simon - read the description again, it doesn't promise that you will receive an early shipment, it says that you will receive one of the first brydge+ assembled and then engraved. that takes times to produce. why should the folks not waiting on engraving have to wait until you have your brydge+ to receive theirs?
seeing that people who opted for the $210 option are receiving their purchases. i paid $250 for early receipt and have yet to receive even a tracking number. i've reached out twice now still no response. i know the guys are slammed but it's no excuse for bad customer service.
thanks steven.  i just sent an email.  hopefully it works out.
@kevin wright i just got an email from sam, and he was super apologetic.  he said they'd replace it for me.  send an email to info@thebrydge.com and try to reach them there.  really stoked to get a new one.  this thing is pretty sick and i'm excited to actually get to use it.
@kevin wright  i'm having the same issues with the keys sticking as well.  i've reached out twice now to the brydge team, but have not heard a thing back from them.  i'm really hoping that they will exchange them for working models.
ok here's the crow you've all been waiting for ... my speaker model arrived today and right out of the box i have to say i'm pretty impressed with the sturdiness of it. the shims are nice a tight so it will hold the ipad at almost any angle and they are not as bulky as they feared. i was able to change to the ipad 3 shims with no issues at all and i think the silver looks fine against my black ipad so i did not use the stickers. i have absolutely no issues with the keyboard with the exception of the small right hand shift key. i've already hit the up arrow a few times. just something to get used to, i guess. i've typed out a few paragraphs and the entire alphabet and number set. all the function keys work as they should. i also tested out the speaker and i have to say that i think they are an improvement over the built in speaker. the sound now comes towards me instead of behind the ipad. so, when it all comes down to it, in spite of all the complaining i have done, i am pretty impressed with it. i did say there would be a chance i would be. do i think it's worth $210? i don't know, but compared to my $60 keyboard that i had been using until this arrived it's a big improvement.
received my brydge+ today.  unfortunately my excitement was quickly offset with disappointment.  i understand that funding the kickstarter project comes with inherent risk as an early adopter. unfortunately the keys are offset.  therefore 50% of the keys don’t work.  the either won’t depress or when they do they get stuck.  so basically it is an impressive looking paperweight.  hopefully there will be an opportunity to exchange for a new one.  theoretically it looks like it would of work well.
i received my brydge with speakers on yesterday and i'm currently typing on it now to add this comment.  i'll try to keep it short, over all the feel of this keyboard is solid and i actually like the weight of the ipad and keyboard combined.  it also is a great looking keyboard and it really does make your ipad look like an apple computer!  it turned a lot of heads when i pulled it out at work today, thanks for all your hard work guys!  however, i'm disappointed in the sound of the speakers compared to other bluetooth speakers and the ipad speaker as well.  listening to music, they sound small and distorted however they are good for watching movies...the dialouge is clearer to me but the bass is missing.  second bad thing is the placement of the right shift key!!  i keep hitting the page up key because i  know how to type and expect the shift key to be there lol!  i think the sleeve should be a free gift to all origional backers for funding your project.  i paid $210 dollars...the sleeve should be a gift.  well i'll end with this, i love my brydge so far and the wait wasn't too bad, i'm a patient person!!
hey guys - if i'm not mistaken the globe changes what keyboard you are using on the software side. from english, to french, to emoji.
@mohammed, they just never respond. i think it is their policy not to respond for anything.
the first time i was contacted about how i would like to get my 10 brydge's was about two months ago. i haven't got a proper response nor did i get my stuff shipped out. this is really frustrating. why should it take ages for you guys to respond!!
that is to change between keyboard/spellchecker languages, if setup via settings in ios.
ha! i just ot mine today and have the same question as james. what is the world/globe icon above the 6 and 7 keys? i assumed it would open the web browser with no success. anybody?
okay quick question - what in the world does the little "globe"(?) key do?
i just got home from vacation and set up the brydge. overall i'm impressed with the brydge as a keyboard although the placement of the shift key is driving me nuts. typing on it is a pleasant experience so far. i am, however, kicking myself for upping the backing to include the speaker since i think it is one of the worst sounding bluetooth speakers i have heard in a long time. i far prefer the sound of the ipad's speaker to this tinny sound and the ipad's speaker leaves soooo much to be desired. this is not the high quality audio i was expecting and if i do end up keeping the unit i will never be using the speaker.
arlin  wednesday oct 17, 3:49am edt  why freight needs more than us $ 35  "shipping 45.00 " total us $80  this other fund-raising and your site description of different why why ............
to brad, eddy, and sam:  congratulations!  now go toast yourselves with champagne and caviar!  i'm certain that there are more than a few backers who are toasting themselves with a healthy portion of eating crow! my brydge+ is already generating huge interest in everyone who has seen it, and personally am having a ball with it. thanks a million guys, and even bigger thanks for staying the course.
i pledged for the limited edition brydge which mean i was to receive one of the first models with speakers.  however, i have not yet received my award nor have i received a response to my email asking for status!  i've been waiting patiently so i would just like to know what's going on . . .
i am supposed to receive my brydge + on wednesday. i am curious to know how many of you who have complained about the hinge change, etc. are happy with the brydge now that you have received it and have had a chance to try it out. i am one of the group that would have preferred the original hinge. but  i would like to know how you folks who have been very vocal like the brydge now that you have it. thanks
i think that the reason that the brydge package comes open during shipment is related to the hang tag built into the package. during shipment, jostling the shipping box causes the weight of the bridge to hit against the flap that closes the package and the inch or so space of the hang tag allows the brydge to eventually begin to creep out of the package. i find that the claim that the speaker pairing instructions in the quick start guide are inaccurate or incorrect to be bogus. i followed the instructions to the letter and my briydge and ipad 2 paired almost instantly. i have since unpaired and paired the two a number of times following the instructions and it works properly every time.
hi, i still haven't receive my shipment  notification. any information about this issue ( brydge plus speakers)
glad i dropped by here to read the comments, as i too had trouble pairing the speakers due to incorrect instructions in the manual. sound quality not superb but at least better than built-in. i do agree the quality of the keys is not quite what i expected but all works well so far.
just got my brydge+ today. it is really great. it works exactly as advertised. keys are good, easy to connect (well, i suppose the quick start guide could've been better written but it's really pretty simple if you read the steps). the speakers aren't the greatest in the world but they work and sound pretty good. i did have a sync issue in the youtube app but that may have been connection issues for me because it worked fine in the other apps. i'm really really excited having my brydge. it's been a long process but seriously, the final product is worth it, in my opinion. frankly, i'm still waiting for a pen i bought on ks over a year and half ago so to get this quality of a keyboard before that is pretty awesome. (i pledged for the brydge on may 7th and i'm on the 61st page of the backers list, in case you want a reference for order of backers.) great keyboard!
i received my brydge+ speakers yesterday.  it's nice.  the body feels sturdy and stable.  speaker sound is good.  no background noise or frequency static or anything like that.  keyboard layout could have accommodated a bigger shift key since there is quite a big of spacing between the keys, but i'm sure they have their reasons for making it this way.  overall, do i think it's worth the 7 month wait and $210 price tag?  not for me, but i am happy the product is nice with no defects (that i've found so far) and it is built quite well.
i feel certain that some of the negative comments are heartfelt, but i'll say that ... i love it.  sure there's weight but what did you expect.  i find the keyboard to work very well.  pairing was easy and it works amazingly well.  i accept the delay was an issue for some but we had constant updates. these are startups, y'all (as we say in the south).   i am very pleased and even more so with today's update re: free neoprene sleeve.  i think brad is keeping up his end of the bargain.  comments would be better lodged as facts with less emotion... remember, startup!
i finally got my brydge. construction is good, but shy of what the original claim was, being that they took design cues from apple. the finish of it was nice and the concept as well, but design execution was shy of what i expected. i was hoping that there would be a better match next to my macbook pro...the lettering on the keyboard, the space around the keyboard...including the depression of the curve, the resting pads on the bottom...and on and on. i'm glad others are satisfied with it, but i think it misses on alot of design cues. again, its just my 2 cents.
jonathan, you should email brad directly about your keyboard issues. seems to be the best way to get ahold of them. maybe they'll help you. sorry to hear you're having problems with it.
still no tracking number here either =/
just got my keyboard this week. i was apprehensive about the change in design from what was originally shown - but it isn't as clunky as it appeared in the photos, and seats the ipad in very securely.  i am pleased with the product and very excited to get the neoprene sleeve when they are available! the sound is not as good as i'd hoped - but otherwise, so far it seems to work great. is it available online for the general public yet? friends have asked. thanks for all the work that went into it - and best of luck on future sales/products.
i bought the brdge +. pros:  looks great. has a nice feel to it.  almost feels like a macbook running ios cons:  very poor quality keyboard. constantly getting stuck.  very heavy. i would not recommend this to others simply because it doesn't do what it was built to do well...even though it looks great the shoddy construction of the keyboard  makes it impossible to use (the keys get stuck almost non stop when used to type anything).
hi guys; i'm joining the queue of frustrated european backers who were promised delivery in october and are stil waiting... mine is supposed to be a 'basic' brydge (ie without speakers) and i thought they were shipped out first... it would be nice to get some feedback about these comments (there are dozens like me), although getting the keyboard itself woud clearly be even better! come on brad, let us know what's going on.....
well, as someone who was critical of the delays and the communication on the product, i must say that i love the brydge.  the speaker pairing took me a bit but overall it worked out fine.  the build quality is fantastic and to my surprise the keyboard layout is actually really good.  thanks!!!
guys, have i said thank you!  just looking at my duo it is just beautiful!  i hope you sell tens upon thousands of the brydge!
got my brydge with speakers last week, i was #70 something to back.  using it right now and i gotta tell ya... i absolutely love it!  pairing the keyboard not a problem.  pairing the speakers a little buggy.  note:  once you ctrl b for four seconds to hear the four upscale notes to turn it on i had a problem because i held the ctrl b for a second and heard one tone.  don't do that.  just ctrl and tap the b and the speakers will pair.  i installed the black shims for my white ipad cuz it looks very cool with the black keys!  anyone that owns any apple laptop are jelous of me because many have mac laptops and just play with my ipad and brydge until i have to take it away!!  so like a review i read my friends expect to feel and use a track pad and laugh when it isn't there... like the review i find the right shift key a tad... just not there and hit the up key.  not a problem i've just learned the if i do that to just backspace my booboo then down arrow key and about now have become accustomed to teaching myself i have a new keyboard and in a week will never know the difference.  actually, i am typing faster now than on a regular keyboard.  the speakers are just fine, just fine like one might expect for an extra, what 40 dollars?  not a problem i watch a movie in bed and hold the keyboard on my chest open 180 degrees and its great. maybe if the guys want to give someone premire speakers they'll offer another model for another hundred bucks more like we'd have to pay for great speakers.  me, i don't think so cuz i can always pair the ipad with another third party speaker.  another thing i like is i found if i hold the duo liike a book, it is very comfortable to tap the ipad with my thumb rather than just holding the ipad by itself and reaching a bit to tap.  guys you did a fine job and thank you very much.  did i say, guyz, thank you very much!  all i want in the future are shims for new generations of the ipad because i am sure i will use my new brydge much longer than i own my ipad 3.  oh yea, have i said thank you guys?  given i have a mac mini at home i am seriously thinking about selling my laptop. just haven't used it since my brydge came in the mail.  i'm so happy!
gigaom uploaded a video review of the brydge with speakers: http://gigaom.com/mobile/video-look-brydge-keyboard-and-speakers-for-ipad/
i think i remember a post about how they were going to send out the brydge's in the order that they were received on kickstarter. could be why a lot of you didn't get a tracking number yet.
there is no shipping notice for me yet... i am going to travel soon, so please arrive as soon as possible!!!!! there would suck if i cant get it before my travel
i want my tracking number too i hope i ll get it before xmas......
got my tracking number today.  i can't wait to get the brydge+!!!
within three weeks, i am moving out of this country that i am currently staying. so, i am worried that the keyboard gets here after i leave.  so i messaged brydge team about this, but they never reply.
got my brydge+ today and i love it!!!!!! i am at my favorite neighborhood burger joint and am using it right now with the free wi-fi. i works great. and for the size of the speakers and the device, i completely disagree with pedro, i think the speakers sound fine. to get any better sound would require a lot bigger system. i also disagree with pedro about the info provided with the brydge+. everything he poorly explained as coming from brad, is explained completely and understandably in the enclosed literature. i had no problem dropping the ipad 2 into the hinge and pairing both the keyboard and speakers in about 2 minutes. and whereas i did like the look of the original hinge design, i am happy with the revised design. it looks different "in the flesh" than it did in over lighted photos.
i received my tracking number and i will admit that i am looking forward to it. it's encouraging seeing the positive reviews from most people.
untill now... still no tracking number.... i hope i'll receive it before x-mas
there is two brydges on ebay for sale.
after months of waiting and then some more months of waiting i finally got my...tracking number!  well at least it's on its way now :p.
received my brydge w/speakers today, awesome guys!
no shipping notification for me yet.  also also a little jealous of the current $10 launch discount available to buyers purchasing via the brydge website.  btw just saw this video about brydge via twitter: http://m.youtube.com/#/watch…
i ordered back in may for brydge+ with speakers and no shipping notice yet.
i got the shipping notice the evening of 30 nov. my brydge+ was guesstimated for delivery thur, the 6th, but is already in town and is supposed to be delivered tomorrow, the 5th, according to my mac shipping widget.
@ rob thx again for taking the time to send detailed feedback and information. very helpful as i wait!
kim, i didn't get mine either. i try not to think about it, that seems to make the wait even longer!  like the saying that a watched clock doesn't move!
any thoughts on what will look better with brydge, a white or black ipad 4?
still waiting on mine ...
@haram - i'm still waiting on mine as well.
is there anyone got a tracking number for brydge with speaker?  or is it only me haven't got one yet?
quick update on when i should to expect my reward?
just wanted to leave a comment on how much i'm impressed with the brydge+ keyboard.  i pledged with cautious enthusiasm and ya'll exceeded my expectations.  i love the quality and the built-in functionality to compliment my ipad.  great job guys and thanks for putting out a quality product.  i've help fund more than a few projects on kickstarter and found myself disappointed in most of the final products, but the brydge delivers.  again, congratulations!  i do have one question...will you be selling additional hinge covers on your website?  when i replaced the ipad 2 hinge covers with the 3rd gen ipad covers, the ipad 2 covers ripped.  i don't intend to use the ipad 2 covers again, but i just wanted to see if y'all would sell replacements if sometime down the road replacements were needed.
hey paul... interesting about the box... mine was damaged (shipping box) and opened (product box) exactly as you described but forgot about it since i was excited to get it. ;-)  the brydge people might want to look into this.
@rob kubasko and all: i received my brydge+ today as well. my brydge+ box seemed to be working its way open in it shipping box, the shipping box, also, we a little but not badly squashed. there is no visible damage to the brydge+. i agree that the pairing is, shall we say, unique. the keyboard is easy enough, the speakers took me a try or two simply because it's a different process. the keyboard really feels good. it reminds me entirely of my wife's 2012 macbook pro. i don't know about a cheaper feel to the keys but they're certainly stiffer. i suspect with time they'll relax. i don't have much more to add, other than i did replace the shims for my ipad 3 which was very easy to do. there is adhesive on them which makes sense and removing the pre-installed ipad 2 shims left some residue behind, but it doesn't show or anything. i'll add that the unit seems to come fully charged as there's no note in the quickstart guide that accompanies the brydge+ to start by charging. overall, i'm very pleased. is it the cheapest ipad keyboard out there? no. will it get people to look closer and ask you about it? i think so.
good question nick.... they make it very clear on the packaging that you should replace them (it comes with black and clear ones for the ipad 3/4 and the same for the 2 with the clear ones for the 2 installed).  but just to try it i inserted the my ipad 3 with the "2" shims and it seems to be more than fine.  not at all too tight and there seems to be no undue pressure on the ipad at all.  if there's something i'm missing on this, i'd love it to be pointed out.  obviously i don't expect the brydge people to be responsible for any damage done to my ipad... ;-) two other small things to point out after more use... the speakers don't automatically pair when you turn the keyboard back on. (this is noted in the manual to save battery life.)  you simply use ctrl-b to turn them on and off.  minor annoyance but better to have to turn them on than forget to turn them off and kill the battery. lastly, i can see where there will be considerable wear on the outside of the hinges since those are the parts that touch the table top when you open and use the device.  another minor thing to what is really a great product thus far.
@rob thx rob for the review, just what i was hoping to hear!  have the exact situation as you, including mini, which has become my everyday "carry" ipad. question, do you have to replace the shims if u have a ipad 3 and if so was it difficult?
just got my brydge with speakers about 45 minutes ago and have been playing with it since with a black third generation ipad. quick summary: - excellent build quality - hinges work much better than expected (they have this great fluidity and solid feel - very solid) - heavier than expected (but makes sense given the materials and need for anchoring weight when open) - keyboard has that 'cheaper' feel when depressing keys but again it's what was expected - speaker sounds tinny (again, as expected but a huge improvement over the internal one) overall, the product is actually pretty marvelous and is making me rethink my move to an ipad mini.  i just typed a dozen emails on it and the keyboard seems better than most i've ever used with my ipad. i think people who were concerned about the arrows keys are going to be actually surprised as how well it works.  and the hinges are pretty brilliant and i see no issues with the silver fronts and a black ipad.  it's hard to explain, but i cannot even imagine how much bulkier this would have been with the original hinge. it's one of those things you need to see in person to understand. overall, great product.  highest compliment i can provide is that it actually will make me keep my ipad even though it was already replaced with a mini. great job guys.
i am also waiting on my shipping notification (based in the netherlands). would love to have it before christmas!!!!! john
@ufostyle, blank off! lets take a look at your comment history. http://www.blankyouverymuch.com/burton/design/2253 hi guys i'm a brydge+ backer, and just need your help on the contest i just entered yesterday. i'm at the top of the list and need your votes on the design. just lo-gin with facebook and critique. i would really appreciate it. good luck with receiving your brydges everyone and happy holidays with your new gadget.... dont forget to show it to everyone in your family. :) and yet another, http://www.blankyouverymuch.com/burton/design/2253 hi guys i'm limb.al backer, and just need your help on the contest i just entered yesterday. i'm at the top of the list and need your votes on the design. just lo-gin with facebook and critique. i would really appreciate it. good luck with receiving your limb.al everyone and happy holidays. dont forget to show it to everyone in your family. :) wait is that one more, http://www.blankyouverymuch.com/burton/design/2253 hi guys i'm a brydge+ backer, and just need your help on the contest i just entered yesterday. i'm at the top of the list and need your votes on the design. just lo-gin with facebook and critique. i would really appreciate it. good luck with receiving your brydges everyone and happy holidays with your new gadget.... dont forget to show it to everyone in your family. :)
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
getting quite frustrated now. no shipping note, no real update of when i'm going to get mine. is australia getting theirs last?
@andy j: one package, two pounds.
still waiting on my shipping notification.
it's been more than a month now since i have requested a shipping quote for my 10 brydges. this is really frustrating. can you please spend more time communicating with your bakers!!
strange. mine says multiple packages (2) but the shipping weight is also 2.00lbs.
my ups tracking says one package and a weight of 2 pounds. mine will be here 12/6.
@paul selby, you think you could check your ups tracking number and let me know if yours also shows a tracking for two packages
@mohammed, don't know if that was a typo or if you think i work for brydge. if i did work for brydge, you would certainly got more responses from me. i've posted to this comment board more than any of the updates or public responses from brydge.
also just noticed on the tracking that its for 2 packages. anybody else notice this? says it won't be here till december 7th. departed san pablo, ca and i live in nj.
@andy j: yes, i pledged for a brydge+ (speaker'ed version).
just got my email saying my bridge+ has shipped! i am looking forward to it.
@andy, i pledged for 10 brydges, and sent an email to you guys asking for a shipping quote and didn't get it yet. when can i get it?
@paul selby, you said you received a shipping notification. did you pledge for a brydge+ speakers?
@andrew thanks! glad to hear that they included both options for the shims in the different sizes. clear stickers? little odd but anyway.  looking forward to getting mine soon!
@indiacita: mine came with four sets of shims. a black set and a clear set for the ipad 2, and a black set and a clear set for the ipad 3/4. mine also came with four sets of stickers. two sets of black stickers and two sets of clear stickers.
isaac, you should email them directly. that's the best way to get that info to them.
i have a question for any of the backers who have received the brydge already.  so the brydge comes with different shim types for ipad2/3/4 - and comes default with shims for ipad2 installed. in the various pictures floating about on reviews and from backers i've seen both black and translucent shims. do the different colours code for different ipad version compatibility, or does each size come in both colours? also - does the brydge come packaged with black and white stickers ? i noticed on the brydge website it says that all models "include both black and white clamp covers"....
just received a ups shipping notification for my brydge+. expected delivery is monday, december 3rd.
hi i need to urgently request a change of shipping address is that possible? please reply. thanks!
i'm still waiting for my brydge+ version but am more than a bit miffed that i backed in may for $210 and you can get the same brydge on their website now for... $210. so i could have kept my $210 until now and ordered?
i have been using the brydge for two days now, i have a speaker-less  version the good: sturdy looking and feeling, keys seem to work in the most part, (b key stopped working for me until i unpaired it), looks and feels like an ios macbook air which is nice. (i would like the original hinge but i think the original project founders wanted to increase their profit margins) the bad: very un-apple like, very little attention to detail. they seem to have completely missed the details of the device, redundant keys, keys like fn, control, alt and option and the arrow keys there but right shift and enter got squeezed thin to make room for these redundant keys. the device out of the box is compatible with an older device, the ipad 2 instead of the newer retina ipad's (you have to install little rubber shims to get those products to work;) the project started around mid april after the launch of the retina ipad but chose as the initial lead the ipad 2 as the default device for compatibility? we as backers need to hold these guys accountable for a poorly launched and executable product (design, product, and customer service).  all backers should get refund their device as accountability for  not just for this given project but future poorly executed projects as well. we should de power them to send a message
well, as one of the somewhat vocal complainers, i was nervous about what i would find when i opened the box today - especially given @peter's experience. i'm happy to say that it looks like @peter simply received a defective item. the quality of the brydge was solid and good, keys were centered and responsive (i'm typing on it now). i'm still not a fan of the new hinge design - but when my cruxskunk arrives it may actually have some competition in the "which gets kept and which goes on ebay" evaluation, which i wasn't expecting at all.
mine arrived today and it lived up to every expectation i had for the brydge. the build quality is fantastic, it holds on to the ipad 3 just as the videos showed, and it is a pleasure to type on. very happy with the end result. i'll be demoing the brydge to our apple infastructure powers-that-be at work and hope to make it an "enterprise wide" standard when we deploy ipads moving forward. thanks for the hard work and making such an amazing product!!
mine arrived and it is completely defective, you can read my review here: http://gdgt.com/brydge/keyboard/reviews/ubt/ the company has been totally unresponsive to my requests for either a refund or to exchange it for a working model. given everything i've been reading about them, i don't expect to ever hear back.
mark, on the sharksucker keyboard the little globe toggles between any international keyboards you may have installed.
i received my brydge yesterday and couldn't be happier (compared to other much simpler projects this one has been quick, responsive, and closer to meeting delivery dates than any other project i've backed - i have one that is 1.5 years late, so stop complaining!).  i do have one question - all of the shortcut keys on the top row appear to work except for what i assume is the "internet" button (the globe icon above the 6-7 keys).  this button appears to do nothing.  am i missing something or do i have a defective brydge?  please let me know if there is something i can do to get this button working.  it is by no means a deal-breaker for me, it falls in the "nice to have" category, but it is new...
info re shipping here: http://thebrydge.com/order.html
it seems like the brydge team feel that to defend themselves by answering the questions/demands/criticism of the backers is to negotiate with a baying mob.  maybe a little misplaced since we are the investors that put up the 3/4 million. perhaps they are hoping the product, when it arrives, will be fabulous enough to abate our angst . let's hope that is the case, and there are no sticky keys. i am holding out (hopefully) for it to be a great product. i gleaned some information off their website, which makes some claims ('guarantees') re shipping. "brydge+ and brydge will officially be launching december 1, 2012. units are now shipping out of asia and we are starting to fulfill pre-orders in the order in which they were placed. if you order right now we are guaranteeing delivery in time for christmas, but believe it will get to you much sooner.  special $10 off any model for cyber monday only with the coupon code: cybermonday42" hmm... nice $10 discount. also they have a picture of their new (slightly) more economical keyboard in plastic.
by the way, although the one on amazon is being sold by asuxtech, it appears to be made by jsxltech and it's called the sharksucker keyboard. the key layout and function keys seem identical to the brydge.
well, i went ahead an ordered the one from amazon.ca (http://www.amazon.ca/asuxtek®aluminum-bluetooth-keyboard-apple-ipad1/dp/b00a1hb8d0/ref=sr_1_119…) for $69 and it's great. it has the original hinge, a good quality build, and its 4000 mah battery also acts as a mobile back-up charger. to be honest, i'm starting to go off kickstarter. i'm patient, i understand i'm backing an idea, not buying a product, but my experiences to date have mostly involved getting disappointing products, as late or later than a comparable product reaches the market, and for a premium price, originally estimated based on limited economies of scale. of course, when i found out brad and his buddies were also the trio behind the oona, i figured things weren't going to go as smoothly as they projected. :(
when are we receiving the brydge + speaker? we're about be in the month of december...
tbh after all the upset with this kickstarter after seeing pictures i am really looking forward to finally getting my hands on mine. please can we have an update on when ones with speakers are coming!
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1930685582/ora-ultimate-sound-system-for-ipad * this looks pretty sick minus having no keyboard. demo clip really shows off the sound.
thanks ben, i will probably wait with covering my ipad 4 (you too have an 4 right?) untill i can test the brydge with "naked" ipad first.
arthur, i feel like there's enough room for it to slide in, but i think the grip is a bit like the studio neat's glif tripod stand for the iphone. with certain and or misaligned films, it's not hard for the grip to lift film and cause a temporarily bubble. i can imagine this possibly happening with ipads using body films. unfortunately only my screen is protected, so i can't say that with certainty. i hope it works out for you though.
hi ben, do you think that an ipad covered, on both sides, with bodyguardz ultratough clear skin will still be able to slide in?
the lighting and focal points are really nice with the close ups
@ben, nice photography skills by the way.
i actually don't mind how it looks from behind and underneath but the grey part of the hinge on the front of the ipad screen needs to be black. not an adhesive that only covers the front but an entirely black part.
thanks ben!
sorry two of those were the same, i forgot this one: http://i46.tinypic.com/30lyp2r.jpg
andre, i'm not sure i can get photos better than the ones in the update, but hopefully this helps: http://i47.tinypic.com/256bb75.jpg http://i50.tinypic.com/2mfcirn.jpg http://i50.tinypic.com/2mfcirn.jpg http://i47.tinypic.com/20jre2q.jpg
@ben, thank you for the photo and the review. despite my thoughts on this perhaps i will like what i get. it's nice to see the positive take on it from someone else who liked the original hinge. i have a speaker model so will need to wait a little longer. again, thank you.
hey ben - if you could take a pic of it from the back showing the hinges on the back that would be great! thanks! a.
i received mine yesterday and have played with it for a bit. i'm actually quite happy with it despite the hinge change(though i'd still prefer the original if somehow possible). i did put some thoughts and a few photos of mine up on flickr: http://flic.kr/p/dvbtja if you're interested in any particular shots, especially those of you who ordered the speaker version, let me know what you're interested in and i'll try to get something for you later when i wake up.
ah i see it now, thanks andrew.
actually, if you look closely in the latest update pictures, you can see and read the sticker on the boxes that they are holding.
mine is a model without speakers. the packaging for mine has all the indications that speakers are included, except that there is a big black circle sticker on the front that indicates it is the model with no speaker and to ignore all references to a speaker. seeing as mine was not supposed to have speakers, this does not concern me.
in update 10 they said the "+" in the "brydge +" refers to the addition of the speaker. now from seeing the latest images and reading some people's posts it looks like every brydge is a brydge +, it looks like either they abolished this or they made a boo and only ordered one type of packaging? it will be interesting to see how they differentiate between the two now.
when are the models with speakers shipping?  i can't wait to try this thing for myself.
zee, the hinges move independently. when you move it from closed to open, you will feel it opens smoothly but rests at about 90º and then is smooth after that (think how car doors open smooth but have a sweet spot where they want to stay at, it is like that). 90º isn't an optimal viewing angle, so i think this is to make it easier to align the hinges for ipad insertion. (just received mine, btw)
@hector, do the hinges move independently or are they linked so that even though it's 2 small hinges rather than 1 hinge, it still is easy to slide in and out?
hector - would you mind posting some photos on twitter/instagram for us to see what it looks like on its own and with an ipad? that would be much appreciated in allaying some fears.
i've received the brydge+. its a beautiful product.  excellent build quality.  keyboard is small but feels well built and responsive.  connected to my ipad in 30 seconds.  then tension clips are strong enough that i do not fear the ipad will slip out.  overall an outstanding product.  if i had to make one criticism: they may want to consider shipping without the rubber shim inserts pre-installed.  i have an ipad4 and i have to remove the existing inserts and that was a bit of a bother.  i've been using this last night and all morning and i would give it 9 out of 10 stars on first impression.  congratulations!
i received my tracking # today for my brydge! looking forward to receiving it, and congratulations! :)
andy j, actually, yes. i think that scenario - buying the product directly from their website and it being delivered to you as something completely different that what is shown as the product for sale would be understandably unacceptable and warrant a legitimate complaint.  as for your second point, my understanding is that the kickstarter terms of use have changed significantly since this project was posted and funded. when we all funded this project the 'fulfillment of reward' for this project was a bluetooth keyboard that uniquely connects physically to an ipad with some models having an integrated speaker (i'm summarizing obviously). not a specific hinge or keyboard layout. i know some will probably be rolling their eyes on that one, but before this past summer's kickstarter terms of use change, that is exactly the bottom line on these projects.  so, as far as this one goes, if they deliver a 'keyboard' that does what i laid out earlier then they have indeed 'fulfilled the backer's reward'. does this stink for some? yeah, i totally can see how you'd be displeased, but then i'd refer back to my earlier point. in the end, i think this and other projects (those of you reading this know some of them) obviously got the attention of the kickstarter people and they reacted accordingly. and to be even more candid, i completely share some of your disappointment in the delays.  i just think more people need to balance their desire to hold project creators accountable for what they promise and all out venom about how this is somehow the worst thing that could ever happen or that the creators are maliciously trying to rip us all off.  here's to some optimism that the brydge is as awesome as we all originally hoped...
you have pledged for*
and it's not necessarily just "investing" compared to spending because they are obligated to fulfill the reward you'll edged for. if they aren't able to fulfill your reward, they are too return your money.  from the kickstarter terms of use, "project creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." additionally, "project creators may cancel or refund a backer’s pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward."
@rob, so are you saying because i bought the brydge through kickstarter, i shouldn't be mad because i know the guidelines. now let's say i missed the funding for the project and went to the brydges website and ordered their product. they haven't updated their site with pictures or information on the design, so i would order that but receive something totally different but that would constitute a legitimate complaint?
to the brydge crew, outstanding news ..... i'm really pumped to get my keyboard with speakers for christmas. you guys rock ! ;-)
@hector  woot! they are starting to ship. the models w/o speakers that is.
shipping verification received!  delivery tomorrow.  woohoo!
answer to andy j's question... everybody isn't as pissed as some because most understand that while products from places like a physical store or amazon are usually made by companies with great ideas and who know what they're doing, kickstarter is a place for people with great ideas. period. any dollar you invest (i know some people incorrectly think 'spend') on a kickstarter project is a total and complete gamble. nothing more, nothing less. i totally understand and appreciate that some get upset when products don't turn out as promised, delivered on schedule or aren't updated as regularly as they would like. but i don't understand the surprise or hysterics that manifest themselves on these comments pages.  additionally, i'm amazed at the number of people who clamor for refunds.  that is not how investments work.  sorry if that offends anyone, but it really is quite amazing to see the anger that exists on some of these projects.  i tend to think people use places like this as a place to vent their frustrations in general and that's unfortunate.  for the record, am i happy with the hinge change? yes. the keyboard? not really but we'll see how it ends up working out when i get mine. the stickers? certainly the 'easiest' solution from a manufacturing perspective though not the most elegant or stylish. what can i do about the things i don't like or feel were misleading? nothing. it's the risk you take here. caveat investor. ;-)
there's also no need to apologize. this kind of customer support is pretty mind blogging. can't seem to figure out how everybody isn't as pissed as me as well as the other backers who voice their opinions.
@yukihisa, good luck. let me know how that works out.
hello gentlemanly brad leong, apologize, i asked the credit card company for a refund.... ;)
tam ho, you so funny.
where's my option for the original hinge without stickers?
excited to see these ship out!  i'm choosing to be excited and i look forward to a great product!
hi brad, any indication of whether the brydge with speakers will be delivered to us by christmas?
they wont even give us our money back, this is absurd. your company name is tarnished before its first prodcut release
i have a great project in mind. i think brad/brydge team would be perfect for helping me get it off the ground. you guys have the most professionalism, communication skills as well as buisness expertise to help me out getting started. keep it up brydge & team !!! you are the best *!*!*!*!*! :-)
unfortunately, for me it's too late. my credit card is 60 days. even amazon is 60 days, and i've tried saying that i opened the claim before the 60 days was up. both claims were denied because october hadn't passed yet and while they are ignoring our emails they sure as hell responded as fast as they could to refund claims.
i have disputed this charge with american express for $210, speaker backers shouldn't be penalized. expect to receive a call from them. i already lost $150 to another project, backed in april of 2011. i will not be backing any more kickstarter projects over $50, the maximum i am willing to lose. fyi to all of you out there, amex said i can't dispute anything over 1 year and they prefer it to be closer than that, i think they mentioned 60 days or so, so i am disputing now.
zero chance that we see this thing before the end of the year.
could you please reply back to the email that i've sent asking for a refund mr. leong? so sorry that i have to make this comment in front of a public but i do not find any sincere attitude from your side!!! thanks
i am hopeful, just read update 12. shipping has begun.
i'm with chris.
pleaaaaaaaaaaaaase give us our money back its all we want!!!!!!!
it would be fantastic if there were some weekly updates as we all wait patiently for the fcc id to be approved. i think the major issue most people have is the "not knowing". i realize these is a lot going on, but let's be honest, i can't take you more than 10 minutes to post a quick note here and give us a quick update. i think everyone would be a lot happier with just a few sentences or two, as opposed to no communication week after week. just my two cents. thanks and i am still looking forward to getting my hands on the brydge, even though it looks like it will be christmas before it arrives.
is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? in kickstarter basics / accountability yes. kickstarter's terms of use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (this is what creators see before they launch.) we crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. we hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. --- i wonder what the recourse is and how long must time pass before we have the option for it...
to annette:  i purchased and have been using that zagg pro plus backlit keyboard you mentioned for a month now and love it! frankly at this point i am wondering if we have all been taken on this project and that the product may never materialize.  i am prepared to write this one off as a tax loss. the other keyboard project i sponsored on ks is a lot further ahead and will probably result in reality rather than this one!  debi
the wait is suck and the lack of response from the developers is an insult of all of us that we founded this idea. was great 5 months a go now is not at all since they have too many similar products and they do not delivery the product on time. sorry guys i lost my cool waiting and i want my money back!
@thai - well though out and you may be onto something.  based on your comments and @michelle's comments and amazon link, it appears the brydge team has been less than upfront with their backers.  the same product, before the changes they told us about  is available on amazon for less than our cost.  that says a lot about brydge and it's developers.  just plain sad.
as a post script, the conspiracy theorist in me wonders if the team sold/leased exclusive rights of the single-hinge design for a limited period of time to asuxtek for monetary compensation allowing their "competitor" to be first to market with a more crude incarnation but giving team brydge an opportunity for an improved version of the brydge keyboard in a later release.  if so, this would explain the lack communication presumably due to a non-disclosure agreement, but it only reek of betrayal to those of us backing this project because of the original design.
thanks for the find, michelle.  i've constantly defended the brydge team while constructively criticizing their handling of the situation and changes to the original design, but i join gary in suspecting that they were beaten to the punch in being granted the patent for the single hinge concept.  however, i wonder if they were beat out because someone stole their design given the crudity of the asuxtek product.  also, i thought it was mentioned in one of the updates that they actually possessed the rights to the single hinge design. in any case, while i applaud the brydge team for coming up with an alternate design in face of such an obstacle assuming the aforementioned theory is true, i can not excuse their choice to not be upfront about this, again, assuming this is how things played out.  i understand the intent of doing so to avoid a storm of negativity and hit to their credibility but they obviously have been getting that because of the lack of communication and sudden alterings. while it may be a matter of preference between the single-hinge and dual clasps designs, the change to the keyboard layout and the continued use of promoting the no longer valid single-hinge design on their retail site is just wrong.  i felt that way from the beginning and feel so even more now.  whereas, i gave them the benefit of the doubt before by attributing it to their workload and inexperience, i just find that it is willfully misleading. i want to be clear, i am not changing positions from defending advocate to full-blown critic because of the delay in getting my reward, but rather in light of evidence (albeit circumstantial) that the brydge team's intent has apparently been more of deceptive readjustment instead of genuine evolution.  it's a shame, really.  this team looks to have the potential to be something special, but their perceived lack of credibility only serves to add as another impediment to overcome in their future endeavors and their performance thus far does not inspire much confidence from me for them to do so.
@michelle these guys probably beat brydge to the patent.  maybe this is why they changed the design.  interesting.
wow what a grumpy bunch.  it saddens me that there is so much rude & turgid verbiage spouted on here.  i wish the team nothing but success.  ignore all the negativity flowing from all the cyber bullies, keep up the hard work, continue to strive for your own sense of perfect form & function. go team brydge, your product is still awesome.
for those wanting the old hinge check this out http://www.amazon.ca/asuxtek®aluminum-bluetooth-keyboard-apple-ipad1/dp/b00a1hb8d0/ref=sr_1_119… way cheaper too. damnit
@annette - thanks for the heads up about the zagg. pretty amazing. if only i had known about it before the brydge...
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
nice. i don't know if this has been posted here but look at this lovely keyboard, complete with back-lit keyboard, for only $129. and, wait for it ... it's aluminum. http://www.zagg.com/accessories/zaggkeys-pro-proplus-ipad-keyboard-case.php we, as backers, truly got ripped off. maybe if they didn't change everything after they took our money i wouldn't feel this way but compared to this keyboard i feel cheated.
i don't know.  i'm irritable tonight. sorry about the tone of my previous comment. what can i say? it's been a very long week.
i don't really understand all the negative flack and the "delays".  this is delayed by a week or so. and the "lack" of updates. i don't think so.  they have regularly updated us - 14 so far.  and the complaints about no rounds.  it's not like this is a store that can just give your money back.  these guys have, and still are, making these things with the money you committed?  if you don't understand backing the creation of a previously non-existing product, you should shop in a store.
jacob anderson - thank you for this  information. however, we all received this message a few weeks ago from the developers.  unless you are part of this project you simply cut and pasted their message and replied to me.   i appreciate the help but a few weeks have already passed and shipping information etc has not been shared to me nor have i received a reply to my email request to the developer. has anyone else received a follow-up email within the past week directly from the developers and can pass on accurate information?
@ elias "we have hit a minor delay which has prevented us from shipping out of asia for a few weeks. we are still awaiting the official fcc approval on the brydge so that we can ship out. we have heard back that there are no issues, as expected, but we must have the official fcc id before we are allowed to ship large shipments internationally. from everyone we've spoken to, we expect that we should receive the final go either this week or next. we do apologize for the delay, our previous expectations were based on receiving the id on time. this has created a bit of a backlog at our assembling facility, but we do think we'll realistically get our first batch of brydges out next week. the first batch already assembled are the versions without speakers, so those who ordered those versions should be receiving them first. they will be followed by batches of the brydge with speakers. we'll be shipping to our warehouse in california, and several abroad. once the bulk shipments hit our warehouses and fulfillment begins you will receive an email with a tracking number."
i have sent an email request to this company asking for a specific ship date. i have not gotten  a response. has anyone been able to get a specific ship date or communication within the last week as to why there is a further delay and what the most current hold up is?
@haram kim the product is still coming. so i doubt it.
so there is no way we can get the refund?
the real entrepeneur reveals itself when issues need to be solved .....
@matt stubblefield, they don't care. i gave up on them. think of everything to this point: * promised one design, created another * promised one keyboard, creating another * promised the option to chose the old design, didn't do it so with this fine record, what make you think they care about new clients who, unlike us, are pre-ordering the old design, not knowing that it was changed long before the pre order option was added to their site.
hey, i know you're swamped, but i asked for a shipping quite and have not received it. just checking to make sure i didn't miss it. thanks, marsh
do you foresee there being a version for the ipad mini?
i have been fine with all of the changes...i understand the "backing process" and the fact that things get delayed and modified.  i still think this is going to be a great product albeit a little overpriced for the other options available.  but the one thing that i am really upset by is the fact that i can go on their website and pre-order this keyboard through paypal at the exact same price that i paid over 5 months ago via the kickstarter process.  seriously??  we don't get any more of a discount then what joe blow can just come off of the street now and pay?? also, the website is still advertising the original hinge, which you would think that with all of the backlash they have received from this process they would have learned their lesson and updated by now.
@rarufu @helge, i believe that those letters are available in ios, not in the physical keyboard itself. your brydge should be able to access those letters if they are available to you now with the ipad's onscreen keyboard.
hi! i real hope that  the brydge is with letters æ, ø and å, so i can use it here in denmark. if not, i will return the brydge. kind regards helge
i just love how the website still shows the original hinge.
which website did you see the nov ship date?  wonder what happened to the oct delivery date?  again, come on developers provide info to your backers!
are we getting this thing in october as promised? why have we not been notified ?
their website says shipping mid november!
hey developers, seriously say something! if it is taking longer than expected, just say it is taking longer than expected because of bla bla whatever. if you think this keyboard hasn't come out well, say it hasn't and appologize. you see number of people are asking what is going on, but you guys say nothing back. since it was funded, backers waited for this for about 4 months. we've waited long enough i think.
like everyone else, are we really getting something for our dollar?  i think it's shameful this group of developers cannot or will not provide updates to their backers.  i would like to believe its not a scam and someone posts here when they receive their unit.  but everyone is thinking it!
just adding to the collection of people trying to find out when we'll actually see our brydge delivered. i submitted my info through the survey weeks ago and haven't seen or heard anything since then, and it's in the last few days of october, so about time to see it materialize, please.
would we get tracking info by email? its almost november, so it should be in shipping stage already right?
please tell us more about international layouts: i would like a german with äöü to type on. the continuous changes and promises are not so promising.
in layman's term, what justin blogren said.
when is the product shipping?
when do we receive this garbage.
i live in the us i completed my survey is there a projected ship date? i saw that 500 have not responded to the survey hopefully they do not hold up shipment for everyone because of those whom have not completed this form
in the states usps is the cheapest but fedex or ups would be more reliable and likely faster. when will we receive the item????
are there people stating that they got their tracking info already?  i really hope they go with usps in the states and not just say they considered it and went with another service in the end.
are you guys actually going to ship this in october? ive received no tracking info
can i get my tracking number?
sophie y, well thought out, well stated.
my thoughts on project brydge and the process design  _hinge(s) i sympathise with both sides on this one. i think that the original promotional material for the product was very successful - even too successful for its own good - it showed a product looking slick, and desirable (smooth lines and a smooth painter girl). however, as sold as i was -like everyone else- on the advertising, i retained reservations about the actual design - thick plastic black band with a wavy profile? not so me actually. not so apple. not so beautiful.  the product was definitely exciting enough to back though. i also hadn't seen a hinged ipad keyboard with all the simplicity and material quality that the brydge seemed to offer. i was keen to hear about design changes since i was unsure about the original hinge design. however the lack of communication at this stage made the backers (funders/investors) feel insecure. after the overly polished initial promotional videos/pictures, the first photo of the new changes was of a different sort - taken on a hotel bed of the clunky black plaster like duo of hinges. at this stage the brydge team i am sure were keen to quickly share the results of the design change. however i think that this was a difficult image for people to accept: a step-down from über slick white background product design images they had previously been fed. i sent an email to the team at the time stating that whilst i supported the process of making improvements to the original design, this image was not reflecting positive changes.  they had sold themselves as having a finished product from the beginning - and they had sold well - and had achieved their goal of funding the project- and some! of course when they addressed design/compatibility issues and final assessments for production - they had a problem since they had so convinced people with their initial sell that no-one wanted to hear of changes.  i remain sure that adapting the design was actually the right path. it is possibly how they went down this path that caused the problems. i think at their cost, the brydge team (why does everyone only ever mention brad?) learnt that the hastily release of unpolished images of early stage re-design only scared and disappointed the backers, and led them to run angrily to the hills seeking refuge in the security of their approval of the original design. it is actually fairly clear to imagine (remember none of us has had one of these prototypes in our hands), that silver anodized hinges are going to suit the back of the ipad more than the black plastic wave of the original design - think in real life, not in slick/not slick images.  most of the comments are from backers who have black ipads - but the ipad is available in white too - and a good ipad product would of course address both colours. anodized silver for the back side of the hinges is surely the best option. for the front silver is a compromise for the white/black issue - of course a compromise too far for the black ipad owners - but high quality stickers are actually a reasonable solution (choice/quality/economy wise). actually ideally they would be including white stickers too - for the white ipad owners for whom silver is also a compromise too far. most ideally they would have offered the hinges in silver back, with a choice of anodized black/white(/silver) for the front - although here i imagine this is really very idealistic. we don't know the full details of the financial plan and production demands for the brydge, but i'd hazard a guess that it would be too expensive to offer all these options. keyboard whilst i understand that it must be frustrating for those who require a "full size right shift key" (have never used it personally - but thats irrelevant), and for those who were keen on the possibility of swap out keys for international versions (which was indeed mooted by the team) - the difficulty of producing a full size keyboard to everyones needs and specs for an object as small as an ipad is a complex task - most ipad keyboards are cramped and compromised. i'd like to mention my personal gripe (since for me it is always good synthesis of function+beauty that matters most) - i am actually really disappointed in the blue text on the arrow keys (pc thing?) and will wait to reserve judgement on the quality of the transfers/printing of all the text on the keys - has anyone else been bothered by the blue? - haven't seen it mentioned. also, wasn't sure about the new elongated black pads on the upper surface at the front of the keyboard. preferred them smaller, and rounder.  for me - its all in the details. communication it seems the bitterest pill to swallow for many backers, was in fact the lack of communication during the changes made throughout the period post achieving the funding goal. i think the brydge team took a couple of wrong turns, and resorted to classic 'designer' behaviour of ploughing on with all the work, and hoping that once they'd made good all the changes they were convinced by (it is their product still) - they would win people around - but meanwhile, would try to ignore the fuss and commotion whilst they got on with all the hard work (this is quite typical - all designers do it - but not so comfortable for the client).  and its harder to pull off on this platform- since kickstarter backers are used to a good level of communication with the project team. which leads me on to my next point... crowd-source funding in fact, as backers we are acting like funders, like investors. often in business, investors have a degree of say/influence in the final details of the project (think movies). this proves a problem for design teams, (as with all types of projects) - since they need the funding for the project, but also they might have to listen to all of their investors thoughts/feelings/musings about their project. in this case there are 3266 investors.  and please excuse the next comment, but we are not professional investors - the beauty of kickstarter is that it offers anyone the chance to invest in a project - but we have not actually entered into a contract where our level of influence/right to demand influence is specifically clear - that is to say - not contractually arranged.  kickstarter helps entrepreneurs bring their ideas to market through crowd-sourcing. many of these entrepreneurs chose to share all details of the process with their "crowd-come-investors" , some don't.  we all have examples of more or less successful experiences with kickstarter project teams.  but i do sympathise with the difficulty for the design team, presented with the responsibility of taking into consideration every comment/desire presented by each and every single kickstarter backer.  what i do feel would have been a basic requirement in this project would be for the brydge team to respond to comments on the project page, and keep people really updated with the project information/progress as and when they were in control of it. this might have avoided much of the justified frustration caused to the backers.  so you can't design 3266 individual brydge keyboards for all of us. we get that. and we're not all going to get to see the design detail that we personally want reflected in the final product. but you should keep us informed about the progress of the project that we have facilitated and paid for. last but not least... shipping this is the most important final hurdle for all backers - but especially international backers. as jessa mentions, it would be pretty maddening for us international backers to have to pay super high fees to receive our packages.  please brydge team, do properly investigate the various options for international shipping, and choose a method that will result in the least charges levied to us backers. if this product ends up costing me $300 i will be upset - would be pretty shocking. finally congratulations brad,eddy,sam on (ever so nearly) getting your product to market. we all believed in the project. it's been tough for everyone - waiting -  but its nearly here.  i for one really hope it has met brad, eddy and sam's hopes and expectations  - the baseline is that it should satisy the creators - that they are convinced that they have produced a product that meets their high expectations. are you happy with the finish? the quality? the compromises? to make it successful we are you're final litmus test.  let's hope we like it. let us know soon details for when/how the brydges will be shipped!
@jessa i am a european customer, and i share you're concerns. i am glad to hear that they are investigating the different options for international shipment. i have also sent the team an email mentioning these concerns, and that certain decisions could cost the international customer a significant extra chunk of money.
on the shipping front, i got an email from sam that they are still looking into usps but they spoke to a number of other companies that ship to canada and so sam said that they are also looking at using canada post. either way, i am happy with them using either usps or canada post and i am happy that they are taking time to look into this and are keeping us updated. i will post another update when i hear anything further.
when is the product shipping???
@andy j. unfortunately it did seem to work for robert. but i think he was genuinely unhinged (see what i did there?)
@spencer, thx for the feedback. i have to say that although i don't mind the final design, i do think the one piece was the way to go but i think there are a number of reasons that it didn't end up that way. firstly, i think the design that we all signed up for and saw in the videos was never a working model and so it is an exercise in futility to say "give me that design!" i simply think it doesn't exist. i think that once they looked at how to build that one-piece design they realized that it would be a lot thicker than it is in the videos and pretty cumbersome. i think kickstarter has changed the rules for projects based on their experiences with this project for this exact reason. secondly, i have learnt, through some other updates on another kickstarter project, that the polarities of the magnets in the new ipad are not uniform. this caused a major problem for this other kickstarter project and they managed to find a workaround but for this project it would be a deal killer since how do you use the magnets to attach the ipad if you don't know what the polarities of the magnets inside the ipad are. i am hypothesizing but this sounds like a logical explanation. finally, after a lot of consideration, i think the direction to go in would have been in a one-piece metal design in the same silver finish that is currently on the back of the ipad but now that is wishful thinking and is irrelevant given that we have a final design and it is ready for shipping. i would still like to see if there is a workaround for a one piece design but not the black plastic one since a metallic one would be so much better.
for those looking for an alternate, there is a case on the market called "clamcase" for ipad 1, 2, and 3 and it does come in a silver titanium model as well as a black and a white model too.  it also sports a full size shift key on both the left and right side of the keyboard.
i could have sworn there were a lot more comments on here yesterday lol.  i just noticed after watching the promo video that at the end they stated that what they had was the final product, but yet they took 4 months to get everything ready for shipping.  should have known then something was up.  not that i have a personal complaint about the new design, but i feel for those who did prefer the original design and they never got a chance to request one even after several updates by the brydge team stating that they will find work arounds for those who did prefer the original hinge and work with them on the side.
@toshi, you can't manage your pledge once the project comes to a close. you would have to contact brad/brydge team...... good luck! hahaha
hi, how can i add pledge for international shipping? i can't find "manage your pledge" menu.
yes kickstarter, listen to david carroll. @ johncampbell, you sir are correct and it seemed to work for him
@ david. as long as he does not lose his status as a backer. (those of you that also support pebble will know that andy j appears to be trying to channel one 'robert pope'. but quite poorly).
time to delete little andy j's account, kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
just talked to my bank who i tied my amazon payments account to. we're sol. they won't do anything about it and neither will amazon. this is fuckin brutal!!!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
andy j for president!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hinge demonstration video showed a shake proof test along with additional bar bell weight. unless they gorilla glued the ipad to hinge, i don't see why they wouldn't continue to develop the original hinge. if i need to spam this message board with profanities in order to gt my count revoked as well as orders cancelled, so be it.
when are we going to get the product??
how about the fact that the first hinge was magnetic and future proof? the new hinges must be replaced for every ipad model that comes out. i don't even want this keyboard anymore let alone more hinges from these guys!
jessa, you asked what is the major issue with the design change, for me its the rigidity of connection and ease of insertion of the ipad into the brydge.  with the current hinge design, there are 2 independently moving parts, they must be positioned just so as to have the ipad attach correctly; where as the single hinge design this was not an issue.  in addition with a single hinge, my impression, is a much more rigid connection between the ipad and the brydge, as seen in the 'shake test' video. i havent seen a similar video to support the new hinge design.  for the keyboard, that one change in button, the right shift key, is a significant change for me; i have tried other keyboards for the ipad with the small shift key and its positioning, found it uncomfortable while typing.  when i saw the initial video the layout shown was the over-sized key, it was ideal.  granted all that i have mentioned isnt a deal breaker for me, as it may be for some, but i am certainly disappointed in the changes .... but jmho.
@andy j and @jonathan richstein completely agree with both of you!
i can't wait to finally receive my brydge, not for the shear disappointment that i am sure i will receive, but so i can finally finish my dispute with american express. they can't refund my money until i actually receive the product that has been falsely advertised.
@jonathanrichstein + 1 * you said it all, couldn't put it better myself.
with all the money that this project brought in, you would think that they could offer black hinges to those of us with black ipads. adhesives? seriously? david griest calls those of us who are questioning the changes from the original design "whiners". most of us backed the brydge project because of the design we were shown at the beginning of this kickstarter project. that is the design i believe most of us expected to receive when the brydge was shipped to us. at one point in the last month or so, we were led to believe that those of us who still wanted the original hinge would get that option. hasn't happened. so, dave, don't call us "whiners". we have every right to be angry. this was a bait and switch on the part of the people who created the brydge. i assume that those of us who want the original hinge design are not going to get it. if that is the case, at least give us black hinges and not this adhesive crap. the brydge team could also have been better in communicating with their backers. the updates were given to us in a miserly fashion. the team could also have offered us the options of the original hinge or the newer design when they decided to change over to the newer hinge. this has been a cluster**ck. i hope when i finally receive my brydge that it meets some of my expectations. the truth of the matter is that i will think twice about backing other kickstarter projects in the future.
i have gone through and read all the comments and i still can't figure out what the major issue people have with the new hinges and why they feel the old design was so much better. can somebody please help me understand what i'm not seeing? also, i have looked at all the pictures and videos of the keyboard layout and can only see one key that is different. what am i missing?
i don't think they care at this point what we think anymore. at this point i just want to get it. i doubt it's going to be worth the $200 we paid for it. who knows, maybe i'll like it. if not, there's always ebay.
i've replyed the survey few days ago with necessary information and asking you to send me with the orignal design for which i've pledged for. as i've not heard from you on where you are regarding this request on neither survery that i've sent nor by your updates, i've decided to post the comment here. could you please also provide us with the details of the original design so that we know what we expected to recieve. thank you
stickers instead of shim color options? what the f@ck!!!
for those of you wondering, let me just say that i'm canadian and we'll just leave it at that! btw, sorry for my previous long posts! lol!
i wanted to add something else as well. i am in no way affiliated with the brydge team and my message to them yesterday was the first contact that i have ever had with them. after reading a lot of the comments that have been posted on here, i can see that there are a lot of angry people that are disappointed and frustrated in the way this project had been run and the changes that have been made and the severe lack of updates from the team. personally, i have successfully managed some very large and significant projects in my time and could this project have been run better? absolutely! are there lessons to be learned from this experience by both the brydge team and by all the backers, myself included? absolutely! is there still an opportunity to salvage something and still achieve a somewhat pleasurable ending to this experience for the backers that have been disappointed in this project? absolutely! however, i personally have no control over how or what the brydge team are doing or going to do over the next little while. what i do have control over is how i choose to respond to this experience and what i have learned from this experience. personally, i'm not as pissed off as some people about the change in the design of the hinge because i think the new hinge is more aesthetically pleasing but i understand that this is very much a personal preference and i can't blame all the people that say they prefer the original hinge. i almost think i am missing something because so many of you prefer the original design that i somehow think i'm being conned by the new design and i keep asking myself "what am i missing about the flaws in the new design that everybody else seems to have figured out?" also, i am taking them at face value when they say the change in the design was warranted and the new design is better. am i happy about the changes in the layout of the keyboard? no, but does it make the product unusable or obsolete? i don't think so unless i'm missing something. having said that, we all bought into a kickstarter project that we thought was a close to final design but ultimately during the lifetime of any project there is always a risk of change and it is up to the leadership or project management to communicate the changes that may have to be made and obtain consensus on what changes need to be made. in this instance i think we would have ended up in analysis paralysis if all 3,266 voices needed to be heard and we would never got to a finished product. instead we have a product that i think is still a very innovative product albeit not the exact design that we signed up for but a hopefully fantastic product that will make you the envy of your friends and make many people happy once you have it in your hands and are able to play with it. let's just wait and see what we end up with and i for one have learnt a very valuable lesson through this experience. once again, i am not affiliated with the brydge team in any way and please understand this that i am in no way condoning or justifying the way this project has been handled to this point but i'm certainly not disgruntled as some other people are but i simply want to make sure that i don't have to pony up another $100 in bogus brokerage fees to ups as that really would be the icing on this cake!
ok so i sent them an e-mail yesterday afternoon about the shipping issue and i already got a very nice response this evening. i just responded to them with my feedback. here is an excerpt from their response to my message; "thank you for the email and thank you for the feedback regarding shipping. this is very valuable information. we are still figuring out international shipments so i’m hopeful we can work something out for canada that works for everyone." "i’m going to spend some time looking into different options. if you are familiar with this and want to share any information, please feel free." i just sent them a long response as i did some investigation on the usps site and here is an excerpt of my response back to them; "thank you for the quick response! it is very much appreciated and it means a lot to me and i’m sure it will mean a lot to all your canadian supporters that you’re willing to investigate this. i think it speaks very highly of you and the team that you responded so quickly and are willing to look into this and even work with your supporters to formulate a win-win solution" "personally, i have had shipments come in from the us using usps many times and i have never experienced a delay or loss at any time so i am confident that they are no more likely to lose the shipment than say ups or fedex. having said that, i do know that a tracking number has been provided so that i was able to track the shipment." "hopefully this helps and i will continue to look into this further and i assume you will do the same. also, i understand that you may be very busy this week but my preference would be to try and touch base again by the end of this week, if possible, just to see how we’re progressing to finding the right solution. let me know if that works for you or if you would prefer more time to look into this. if i find anything else in the meantime, i will send it your way." sorry for the long message and i will update everybody if i hear anything else!
i'm with jessa gill on the shipping to canada: please use usps!
i did the same but i just realized that if there going to send us the new hinge anyway, are you saying we have no choice on color? i have a black ipad and i don't want those greyish/white clips.
i prefer the old hinge design, so i added as comment in my survey: "i want to choose between new and old hinge design once both final designs are presented "
seems like people get the survey... why didn't i? does anyone not received the survey yet also?
indeed it is the same reason i backed the brydge. if it weren't  for the speaker integration, i would have got a zagg or logitech.
andy j    you wrote "i have a very strong feeling that these speakers are going to be garbage. i read up on http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2107726947/hidden-radio-and-bluetooth-speaker… and it seems like all the speakers sounded like crap, don't see this being much different" i would wait for the brydge in reality to make a judgement about the speakers.  granted they could be less than envisioned for speaker quality,  only time will tell. the other issue of the bluetooth speaker is dropout, which may be a distance from i-pad problem..  the brydge speakers are at a fixed measure and very close to the transmitter so lost signal should not be a problem.   the speakers are my main reason for supporting this project and my hopes are for better audio compared with the oem.
got my survey today!
@ jessica gill, i too would love to hear how how you get on regarding shipping to canada. i really hope they do not ship by ups as that would just rub salt in an already open wound. i have tried emailing the brydge team in the past and gotten no joy with a response. anyways keep us all informed if you get any response
@ jessica gill, if it says to add $20 for shipping to canada in the pledge box, then you have nothing to worry about. any other charge they are held accountable for. good luck on ever getting a response though, you'd be better off writing fan mail to elvis.
i like the new hinge design. i think it looks cleaner and less clunkier but "to each his own" as they say. i completed the survey but i have some serious concerns around who is being used for shipping. for all the backers in canada and all the international backers, we're looking at paying about another $100 or more in brokerage fees if ups is used for shipping. this adds to being a very expensive keyboard if that is the case. usps does not do this. i would prefer to have my brydge shipped with usps and not ups. many us companies that ship to canada and internationally use ups for domestic shipments and usps to canada and internationally for this exact reason. this is something that needs to be looked at immediately as it would be a major kicker if the brydge turns up at my door and i have to pay another $100 for brokerage fees. if this is something that you're not willing to look at or cannot be accommodated then i would like to be notified and i will have to make alternative arrangements before it is shipped out. i have also sent a message to brad. i'm hoping that somebody will look at this and respond.
hi guys, please, answer my inbox question.
still wish i could have cancelled my pledge or changed it to the keyboard without speakers. i have a very strong feeling that these speakers are going to be garbage. i read up on http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2107726947/hidden-radio-and-bluetooth-speaker… and it seems like all the speakers sounded like crap, don't see this being much different.
my bad, i read that wrong. i was thinking there was an updates section in thai, not a member named thai who commented under the updates section. regardless, this should be posted if its true since its their only way of finding out who wants the original design.
haha in the thai update section? come on brydge, you guys are just becoming laughable at this point. absolutely no courteousness or professionalism.
this was posted by thai in the updates section, "there's a section for "additional information necessary for delivery:" which i used to denote my preference for the original hinge and keyboard design, if possible." it seems worth a shot if you want the brydge team to know which hinge design, etc., that you want
original hinge design is*
got the survey but i'm not ready to fill it out until i know where the option for original lounge design is.
waiting patiently for the survey to arrive. congratulations to those of you who have received yours!
got my survey last night. excited to get the brydge!
just received my survey,    2nd project from kickstarter  this week.   although i did not back it, (didn't know about it until to late) i bought a elevation i-phone dock.  "wow" what a great product and really does deliver what was promised.   http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/hop/elevation-dock-the-best-dock-for-iphone…
@christian - it's exactly that. they basically don't give a flying frak about anything.
i for one am quietly waiting with anticipation for my brydge to be quite honest. i'll reserve judgement if it's good when it arrives and i've had a fiddle with it.
@christian, just replied to my survey, put in there that i would like the original hinge design but i doubt it will have any effect.
@mark: yes i jumped the gun a little bit, but let's be honest.  i was not the only one on this kickstarter project getting impatient.  i may have wrote it, but dont' make it seem like i was the only one thinking it.
survey received. nothing more than a delivery address confirmation though. while it may not prove to be true this is coming across to me like a ''you get what we give you or nothing' scenario.
@zenas: in many parts of the world, sunday is considered the last day of the week. it's still saturday, however, and 20 minutes ago i received my survey. perhaps we should all chip in and buy you some patience?
surveys went out....got mine!
"just a quick note to tell you to look out for the kickstarter surveys later this week." - it is now saturday and i've not received this survey they speak of.  i'm pretty sure there is no later in the week than saturday unless my calendar is wrong.  we should all chip in and buy these people a watch and a calendar because they seem to be unaware on what day of the week it is.
i signed up for delivery in october... clock is ticking
i just saw this on thefancy.com but it's still being shown with original hinge and keyboard...
i have sort of lost track but when are we expecting these to be shipped?
no survey so far...
has anyone received their survey yet?
@ted: i noticed that nobody answered your question about the survey and that you've only backed one project on kickstarter. what happens is that we all pay kickstarter via amazon and kickstarter collects the money and gives the money to the project we back. separate from that, the project submits a set of questions they need answers to in order to fulfill backing rewards: name, address, custom info, etc. kickstarter then has each backer fill out the survey, according to the guidelines that the project requests. (each reward level can submit a separate set of survey questions or each reward level can get the same survey. whichever the project chooses to do.) i'm pretty sure that kickstarter/amazon makes it a policy that they don't release payment info to project creators so the payment info we give amazon doesn't ever get to the project creators. hence the surveys. i think for this project, it will just be a survey asking our shipping address, etc. standard stuff for kickstarter.
@mike, the pepple is hardly troubled. there was one troll creating post after post while others were having a civilized conversation. one thing i can say for the pepple is at least they are consistent. there's an update every 3 weeks. they were up front and honest when they knew they were going to be delayed. they never promised something then decided to majorly change it after they took our money. i still believe that we'll be getting what we were promised. for a project with over 68,000 backers they still have a better tracker record than brad does because we still don't have an answer for those who still want the original hinge.
guys - every kickstarter project sends out a survey prior to shipping rewards. the "survey" is for collecting shipping addresses and confirming your reward for however much you backed the project. it's not some random survey that's required to get a prize, it's the only way for these guys to send you your reward. pretty simple stuff, takes a matter of 30 seconds normally. as for the brydge design...i can't say i'm thrilled about the keyboard change either, but i'll withhold judgement until i can actually test it. as long as the new hinges are just as easy to use as the original design and don't have issues with the silicon shims flopping out/getting bunched up (my current concern), then it's fine. here's to hoping to get my brydge in october. good luck guys - and please do post some real photos of your final models for us to drool over :)
congratulations brad!!!!  i love the look of the finished product and you've done a fine job of managing the new hinge.  it appears to be a far cry better than the cruxskunk which people seem to be comparing the brydge to.  the flimsy frame of the skunk looks fraught with problems and actually cheap by comparison.  the brydge on the other hand has a solid, more finished appearance without the "frame" the skunk  has. once again, congratulations and kudos for keeping a cool head in the face of so much adverse negativity.  we're all going to make it through this, lol! by the way,  for anyone thinking that this brydge project has run amok, please take a look at the highly touted pebble watch.  remember the pebble, the highly funded and talked about  product?  well, take a look at the over 8000 comments questioning the veracity of that product and you might not feel like a lone sheep led astray. we are all going to get a brydge, of that i have no doubt.  thanks again brad!
after seeing the new video with the updated hinges i must say i prefer the new "slim" hinges a lot more to the original.  they've trimmed them down a fair bit and the color blends in nicely with the ipad.  glad they didn't go with black.  the hinge looks like it will close nicely to be very compact and unintrusive.  after all the negative comments from the last update i was concerned about the hinge, but not anymore.  i think they have done a great job with it. not exactly sure why a survey is required since one would think everything would be included in our original orders, so i am curious about that... otherwise i'm looking forward to receiving the final product now.
wait a minute...keep things honest boys...suggesting i might not get my reward if i fail to complete the survey smacks of theft or fraud. i was told that in making my original financial backing support, i was entitled to the finished product upon production completion. now saying, i must complete the survey to ensure same... come on boys...just ask me to complete the survey. i'll do it for you. and give us some specific dates, it's october, shipping date??? everything sounded good till now. should i start feeling apprehensive or you boys going to be legit about all that you promised and contracted to do? the whole structure of kickstarter could be undermined or confirmed with your product delivery. richard szpin, an early back, not gullible victim i hope !
at this point, i'd just prefer a refund and then someone else can have my version in their hands one day quicker.... please let me know if being refunded my $170 minus the % that kickstarter skims from your payout is possible. iowill@me.com
thanks @nigel. this might be the only project on kickstarter where we consistently learn more from the backers than from the creators. :)
hi all, thought i would update you with the email conversation i have been having with sam from the brydge team - no response from brad! on questioning about the two hot topics of the keyboard and hinge i have received the following: "we try to respond to every direct message and email we receive as quickly as we can. per your questions, we have changed the layout of the keys slightly, but they are still the style of "island keys" which apple has popularized. we are looking into options for anyone who prefers the original hinge. different parts of the brydge are being manufactured by different factories in asia, so while most pieces of the brydge are completed and being manufactured, we do not have a final production model with all pieces here in the u.s. as soon as we do we'll send out an update with photos." admitted this response took some three weeks...but at least something...i replied with: "so to confirm the keys and keyboard are going to be the same full size and same layout as the apple keyboard. whilst many things brought together may be the sum, the keyboard is the primary reason for backing your project - is it possible to see a 'layout' photo or map of the keys? whilst this may not be in the alu base frame etc it will at least provide the information i (and many others) have been trying to establish, with the production to begin you will have seen and signed off on it - right? if not assembled this is not a worry, but to see that all will be able to be used would be great." no response to above, admitted has only been two weeks (with follow up messages)...so i assume from past history i will get something back next week. as for the update that sam has promised, i am unsure as to the shipping method that they have used but unless someone is sailing the thing from china to usa it should be with them by now. the rather vague 'island type keys' i am not reading too much into it, just sitting and waiting what will pop out the other end - based on the lack of updates i am not thinking will be anything like the original photos. just though to share the information i have, as sure some little frustrated by lack of news.
thanks, mike.
published on mashable
here you go annette. cruxskunk ipad keyboard exposes the mirage of kickstarter [review]  september 29, 2012 by peter pachal
last update was september 17th?? is this still planned to ship on-time?
sam, the hand stylus guys have posted at least 30 updates. the brydge folks have posted 8. i thought the hand stylus team did a pretty good job keeping their backers updated. the skunkcrux team has done a pretty good job. the brydge team hasn't!
i agree with sam's comments.  i'll be uptight if it doesn't show up.
i can't be the only one who didn't mind the design changes. i, personally though the original backing looked a bit bulky. on top of that, these guys have at least done some updating. brydge is about 1000x better than the hand stylus in terms of keeping its customers up to date. yes, i would definitely like to see more about the product i invested in. but, in the brydge teams defense, they got over $700,000 more than they planned on raising. to people who have never read about this kind of fund raising, that seems great, but often enough, that much extra can ruin a project. maybe the reason we aren't seeing too many updates is because brad and his team are working that much harder to get all of us our thousand of brydges on time.
notice that they haven't updated any of the graphics or videos on this or the home site to reflect the new, and i use the term loosely, design.  looks like a clear case of false advertising for any new purchasers.
http://geek-news.mtv.com/2012/07/30/brydge-kickstarter/ * this article is old but it's only a matter of time before we start seeing tech articles with titles like, "brydge over troubled kickstarter water."
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1649827049/kerfluffles-marshmallows-all-natural-handmade-yumm * this link redirects you to another kickstarter project. the reason i am posting this is because i would expect the same customer support from all projects. with close to 2,000 backers, this project creator is able to get back and respond to everybody's comments in a timely manner. if you take a look at her backstory, it makes me even more furious that a one-man-army, or should i say "one-woman-army", is able to overcome and stay on task after everything she has been through better than the team behind the brydge. (backstory - http://createdforjoy.com/mystory/)
@ steve thomas, don't hold your breathe. if you follow through with a refund process, don't even waste your time with amazon. go straight through your credit card provider. best of luck.
brydge team, please send us an update.  if i don't see an update in the next 48 hours with final pictures of the product i will be starting the refund process.  your complete lack of quality updates has me feed up.
@annette, http://mashable.com/2012/09/29/cruxskunk-review/
@mike, do you have a link to that pulse article? or an idea how to find it? i was searching with no luck. thanks.
apologies, i linked to the wrong article.  *'http://www.kickstarter.com/blog/faq-guidelines-for-hardware-and-product-design-pro
@ mike p at least crux was able to get their model into physical hands. people pledged for the cruxskunk and as shown on their kickstarter, they were able to get a prototype into a fox news reporters hands. you could say, "yea no big deal" but what is important is that the backers of the crux pledged for a product and were able to see that the product that they pledged for is the original design. if i pledged for an iphone4s but received an iphone4, i would be pretty pissed off. the phones look identical but one is better than the other. if i make a pledge for a product, i would expect to receive that same product.
brydge, you had a great product. unfortunately, not only because of the drastic design change, but also the lack of customer support, i'm done. the more i think about this project and the responses we have gotten from brad/brydge, i am sickened.  i don't want to say that the brydge was solely responsible for kicksatrters new guidelines, http://www.kickstarter.com/blog/kickstarter-is-not-a-store, but i can't help but think you really helped kickstarter to re-evaluate their policy. peace brydge. i hope you have great success, just not with my money.
i don't understand what is going. how has the brydges official site not been updated as well as the kickstarter but this should be shipping next month. nobody has seen the final shims that will ship with the product. i've been threatening to cancel my order and start a dispute through amazon but after seeing where everyone's progress with amazaon, this is no longer a laughing matter. i am sorry brydge, brad leong and those associated with this project. i am done. i have filled a dispute with my credit card provider, american express, and should have a resolution by monday.
hi fellow backers.   you all might want to take a look at an article from mashable reprinted in pulse news (check out pulse if you haven't already.  it's a great site) regarding a user's experience with  cruxskunk.  while basically an article addressing a "buyer beware" approach to kickstarting, the item they chose to "expose" was the cruxskunk. i'm posting this with several thoughts in mind.  the first is that perhaps we should be glad that brad and company are taking the time to address so many issues in the brydge's development so as to release a product that is good and as bug-free as possible.  my other thought on this whole brydge journey is that i too considered jumping ship at one point when the cruxskunk was announced, and for whatever lies in store for all of us who have ordered the brydge, for now it seems like the better of the two projects.  here's hoping that it is, 'cause the grass is always greener.  one of my favorite movie lines is adequate for our situation:  "jerry, why ask for the stars when we have the moon". (now voyager)
from face book 8hrs ago, regarding orders on the brydge.com. not a word about changes made to their product. also shipping same time frame as us........... brydge 8 hours ago thanks for the support everyone! good news! we are on track to start shipping out orders in mid-late october. when your specific order will go out will be based on when you ordered - we will email you directly when your order is shipping. if you have any questions, please email us at info@thebrydge.com. thanks!
looks like forward compatibility for future ipad will be a moot point: ipad widescreen http://techcrunch.com/2012/09/26/report-next-ipad-could-pack-a-169-widescreen-display/ ipad mini http://www.informationweek.com/hardware/handheld/ipad-mini-leak-looks-legit/240007526
what is the objective of the brydge   !. flip top & 2. decent speakers.   is the project fullfilling those goals?    i to thought the hinge design was great and met the "apple" design criteria, but if if has to be changed in generation #1 so be it. it will be in the sales in the future as to wether the buyers will accept the design or go some where else.   the "crux" is imho clunky because ot the extra buttons to get the pad out of the frame and does not come with speakers.
thanks mike and andy for your thoughtful comments - deb
debi, you're quite right, and you too andy.  at my age i should sit back and just observe, and almost always do.  i mean what the hey, i'll  get my brydge in whatever form it comes and be happy with brad's creation. i don't go to the brydge comment section very often, and when i do, it seems that all i read are complaints after complaint, and the other day when i posted my whine message i was overwhelmed at how unhappy so many backers seem to be.  for my part, and there's a lifetime of experiences to back me up, i'm content to wait for this product to be delivered into my hands, and i have no reason to believe that we are all being ripped off.  three quarters of a million bucks isn't chicken scratch, i agree,  and since i doubt that many of us understand the complexity of the production process, i'm willing to give brad the benefit of the doubt.  and also, we haven't even gotten to october, the promised time frame for delivery.  i have a sneaking hunch that brad went into this project a bit green and naive about how "things" work in the manufacturing world.  and thus, i want to be as supportive of his efforts as possible.  he must be feeling awfully pressured and i don't envy his position one bit. and andy and debi, if an apology is in order for offending you with my sarcasm in the whine posting, then indeed i apologize. mike
very true. apologies to anyone i've offended.
andy j. thanks for your reply.  you are right about trying to maintain focus on the design issues and lack of communication, i think most of us are preaching to the choir. but let's keep age out of the conversation, i am "old" boomer too, within spittin' distance of 60, though i refuse to act my age, lol!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
sorry folks, but i find mike's posts offensive, non-productive and distracting to the dialog at hand and have contacted kickstarter to let them know of his posts.
@mikepassalacqua, na, just glad ill be able to receive my brydge in the next 10 years while you'll be six feet under. let me know if your still around for ios7.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
interesting read on kickstarter. looks like someone is finally going to hold kickstart accountable for the project it hosts. maybe now they'll start looking into projects like this one where it feels like people ae being misled. http://www.wired.com/design/2012/09/kickstarter-takedowns/…
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
just got this from amazon payments: "greetings from amazon payments, our records indicate that the dispute was filed for item ipad purchased from brad eddy and sam using amazon payments. unfortunately we are unable to assist you with this dispute as the merchant has mentioned on the kickstarter project http://kck.st/idujeu that the expected delivery date is october 2012. we suggest that you contact your credit card issuer for more information about reimbursement for this transaction. we apologize for any inconvenience caused to you and appreciate your understanding of our need to take this action. thank you for using amazon payments. sincerely, dispute specialist amazon payments https://payments.amazon.com" perhaps we should all start this process until they confirm hinge and keyboard designs and make the original ones available!
this would  be funny if it was not also  sad at the same time. but to see that others here now have the same level of frustration as i have had at least i dont feel so bad now. lets face it we are unlikley get any response from the brydge team  so the only other alternative is to sit , wait by the door until the mail arrives and wysiwudg.  aka what you see is what you dont get. i am going to look forward to whatever i get at least it will be something for my $200 bucks. it has been a lesson on kickstarter and in the future i will be more careful before backing a project to make sure that the inventors have at least a design that is established rather than just a smoke and mirror design. lesson to self. " ask as many. questions as you can " but if  there ever ends up being a class action case for this  i too will like a ring side seat, as it will be fun to watch. not long to wait they promised shipping to begin in october  right?
the thing i find so irritating is just the non-responsive smugness of these people, who don't seem to appreciate that ordinary people handed them almost a million dollars on faith. in return, we've gotten automaton-like updates that simply refuse to acknowledge people's concerns and questions about the product. whether i like or don't like the new hinge has by now been completely eclipsed by the sheer loathing they have engendered for their irritating way of doing business. the salt in the wound is that, as so many have noted, they continue to market and merchandise the old design on their web site. not only does that demonstrate extremely bad faith -- it's also completely illegal to take orders for a product which you're not going to deliver as advertised. you know what would piss through $797,979 *really really* fast? defending a class-action lawsuit, not to mention fending off several state attorneys general for deceptive advertising. frankly, it was worth my $200 for the ringside seat.
i agree with all the comments here for a more informed update. i have messaged brad and sam and got replies in a timely manner. however i have not gotten answers to questions that have been posed here about the actual design. i was waiting patiently and while i am happy that manufacturer and delivery are on schedule we do need to see the schema drawings being sent to the manufacturers. all i ask is that we can see a render of your autocad drawings of what the keyboard layout looks like and the hinge. photos of the real thing would be better but a render would be the next best thing. also an update on whether the original hinge is available too. this was committed to by this project in an earlier update so given that you are now going into build phase time has come to show us the product.
@brad and team as per messages in the update thread, great that you have finally provided some form of feedback - possible though that you can address the actual and real concerns of everyone.....what does the hinge look like now?  can we have the hinge that you initially offered and continue to take orders against? also, are we going to get the proper keyboard layout first promoted....do not skirt around this last one by saying 'full size keyboard' or 'full size keys'....you need to get specific and provide the same keyboard layout as apple...with the correct arrows and shift key layout. now come on, you see these messages...you have responded before...you get the picture!!  time for us to get some pictures, after all, are you not going into production now??  or are you the first people to put something into production that you have not seen and agreed to?? i am glad that many here are happy with your vague updates, i am not glad that you continue to ignore so many people on so many fronts - i have messaged you directly to no avail. for a project that is some nearly 900% over you initial asking goal, i would have thought that you would have given something back to those that believed in the project to boost it so much.....do you take usd$797,979 so lightly that you no longer care? whilst you are able to twist and turn the kickstarter terms and amazon is struggling to get you to commit to those that are unhappy, will you not man up and provide pictures of the final product?  or will it realise everyones fears that the product is indeed with a keyboard layout that cannot be used and with a hinge system that is so far from the original (and still promoted) to be no longer 'apple like'. just post some pictures of the designs that you have signed off on and get this dealt with!
i would like the original hinge design, please. i hope they give us an option to choose.
what is the thickness of the brydge? just wondering now if i made a mistake and should have gone for the cruxskunk instead! waht do you guys think?
brad - thanks for the update.
i'd prefer delayed shipping with original hinge please.
disappointed in the lack of project updates in terms of giving us backers a sneak peak into design and production...where are the pics? the videos demonstrating the product? asking our opinions on design changes (a big one!) and showing us assembly and production of parts... this is not a cheap product by any means, even if you have extra cash kicking around or to donate!
my guess is that they received so much money that they started to think about "improvements" which none of us asked for. point taken. i prefer the old hinge design. point taken. however, they haven't missed their shipping deadline. even if they did miss it by a couple of weeks...well, who cares. everybody is in such a hurry on the internet to be offended and outraged. our first world narcissism demonstrates how little we've evolved.
david - seriously - disposable income?! that has nothing to do with the matter at hand. the backers are simply asking for respect from the people that were funded by us and our money. we expected the product that they advertised while taking our money, and are still advertising despite the fact that they've changed it multiple times. had i known about what they're doing with the arrow keys and hinge before i wouldn't have ordered one. plain and simple. i use my ipad for work every day because my macbook pro barely functions and my windows pcs have a million driver issues. the ipad just works and i wanted a proper keyboard solution for that. furthermore i received this from my dispute with amazon over the brydge this morning: "below mentioned are the merchant comments: this was a kickstarter project. we are anticipating shipping in october, as is stated on our kickstarter page: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/552506690/brydge-ipad-do-more as stated in our amazon payments buyer dispute program 'amazon payments does not act as the agent of either party in any transaction or in resolving any dispute. amazon payments will attempt to resolve disputes by fostering good faith communication between buyers and sellers.' we appreciate your cooperation in this regard and thank you for your interest in amazon payments. sincerely, dispute specialist amazon payments https://payments.amazon.com" question is - will they really ship in october and how do we get the old hinges back? i'm thoroughly unimpressed right now.
update!!!
i'm not sure why everyone is sooooooo angry. the faq says mid-october for shipping. will they make it? probably not. would an update be nice and, well, grown-up. you bet. you had enough disposable income to buy an ipad. you had enough disposable income to take a flyer on this product. life's pretty good. maybe you should take a nap or find a real problem to fuel your internet outrage. this is just a keyboard with a new, janky looking hinge. the world is still spinning.
shipping next month? hahahahahaha
update?
amen to that!
i will  admit that i have totally given up on this project and if i get the product anyway close to the product i had signed up thinking i would be getting. then i will treat it as the god smiling down on me. and if i dont then i will chalk it up to a bad mistake and go on with my life. i will say that if i ever see another project from these guys i will run in the other direction.  having backed two other projects on kickstarter i will  say that the approach of the creators of those product has been like night and day. they have been responsive, respectful , organized and communication top notch. the brydge guys should take a lesson to two from others.
hey guys, i still support the project, but could you give us an update to let us know how things are going. doesn't have to be anything fancy; just a couple lines to keep us updated will do. the last update was on august 21, and the last time you responded to a comment was in july. as has been mentioned at least twice, lack of communication with those who had enough faith in you to pledge their hard-earned money is simply disrespectful. not trying to be harsh, just calls it as i sees it. i still think this project has the potential to be great, but the longer you keep everyone in the dark, the more negativity to your project you're gonna' generate. you could be known as one of the best ks projects or one of the worst. that choice is up to you, and communication is a key element there.
so it's been a month. with $797,979 vs the original goal of $90,000 can you take a moment to provide an update? good news would be great, bad news is bad, but no news is disrespectful.
andre,  point taken.    my interest also is the look & feel of brydge as the logitech aluminum  board that i have feels "not  finished" to apple standards.
although it is concerning that it's approaching mid-september and there have yet to release an update of the finalized product or contacted me for my shipping address indicating they must not even be close to shipping it out, i'll be patient and trust that they are working hard at it.  maybe they will pull off a hat trick.  supposed shipping is in october and it doesn't seem to say when in october either so it could very well possibly be over a month from now.  i'm not griping about the design because i do believe it was said somewhere on this site that the final products may differ than one shown in the project and i was aware of this prior to pledging.
william the point is that other ipad keyboards look like toys. i wanted one made well. there is no slight of hand so please lose the attitude. when running the right apps the ipad is a more potent machine than an air.
andre,  do not try to fool a client with an i-pad to "to make it look like a high end device".  the first give-away is the apple logo sideways.   use it for what it is and and folks will be impressed, any slight of hand will not win points with a client. the $700.00 on sale macbook air will impress as a real device.
correction *they never promised a full keyboard however the layout that was advertised initially is not what we will be receiving.
i too am initiating a dispute with amazon payments. the reason i wanted this product was to use my ipad as a full replacement for my computer. that means that i wanted a full comfortable keyboard, and a gorgeously designed hinge to make it look like a high end device when i meet with clients. now it looks like a toy with a keyboard that goes against what they initially marketed when taking our money. i'll keep posting on what amazon says.
okay, i've had enough - i just initiated a dispute with amazon payments.
update?
where is our update?  did you guys take our money and run?
what is current status ? today is 11 sep. 2012.
(sorry, i tapped post before i was done with my last one). the indicatior could slowly pulse if there's a new email or notification. the brydge already uses bluetooth, so it's not like anything major has to be added to make this work. there could be an option to disable it for those who would rather not have that. my point is that we paid a lot of money for this produc. it's clear that this is still in the development stage and not the final manufacture run so its not too late. why not try to add a couple extra nifty features to try to make things up?
hey guys. since you're spending time doing a lot of r&d here, how about you also look into adding some other non obtrusive improvements? for example, a higher capacity battery that can also be used to recharge the ipad or a smartphone (similar to the way zaggspark works). or what about a backlit keyboard? you guys were able to overhaul the hinge to make it stronger. it must be possible to figure out how to stick an led under the keys. after all, apple did it to the macbook airs, so it's not impossible. or what about a way to make the indicator light also give ipad notifications and not just the battery status? this is common in bluetooth smartwatches
guys come on, definately over due for another update, and one with mutliple, clear pics of the hinges too. i was so excited about the brydge, but the was this is being run is making me more and more unsettled. i am begining to actively look at other options, and refund policy. the generally comments and atmosphere is not conductive to good business practise and your reputation is certainly suffering for it. come on guys, with the best intent and encouragement: sort it out!
update?
update please?
@tracy looking at it from that point of view, you are right. i would be pretty disappointed if i opened up the box and got something drastically different than what i was expecting. i apologize if i came off arrogant or offensive in my original post. i should have thought about that more before jumping in.
@ tracy whitcomb, well stated! agree completely..........
for the record i'm okay with them being late. i agree with todd quality above all else but please make sure that those who want and backed the original design get what they were led to believe what they were backing.
@tracy, thank you.
@thai - you stated "if the project creator gave a good faith effort to bring the product to market, the money has been spent. as with all investments, there is a risk involved." with 886% backing, the risk should be minimal if not non-existent.
@tracy - well stated.  a significant part of what we we're backing was the promotion of the clean apple look and feel.  the revised hinge strays so far from the promoted design aesthetic as to be a "new" concept.  i promoted this to several of my friends and associates specifically due to it's function and form.  @team, please review the sentiments of your backers and develop what you promoted as close to the original design as possible.  remember that by backing you, we made your vision, our vision. i can't speak for others on this point but as for me, i value quality over schedule.  if it takes time to get it right then so be it.
@nicholas  with respect, we are not investing in an "idea".  i don't hand over $210 for a concept or a vision.  there are key branding sales differentiators promoted by the design team which include touting the product's apple aesthetics.  the first thing you see on their website (which still has not been updated to reflect the product changes) is a quote from cnet, "a keyboard case that makes your ipad look a lot like the macbook air."  reading their specs section, we are introduced to 3 key design features that they use to differentiate their product: the body, hinge and clamp of the brydge. those three product offerings should not have significant changes without acknowledging that you have then completely changed your original product. these are indeed investments in which we expect there to be some modifications.  we're not upset about "every detail" here...we're talking about the key features of the brydge which brad and his team proudly promoted to secure their funding...and that they continue to promote to the general public...as a reason to purchase their product above others.  these are not minor tweaks. if they are touting this product for its microsoft aesthetics with a specific patent-pending hinge and a specific clamp that they claim is made from a metal alloy with a thermoplastic elastomer shell with a microsoft compatible look and feel, then that it is the product that i and others expect to receive. everyone is entitled to their opinion here.  we are just asking brad to take our concerns seriously, as there are countless backers wanting their money refunded....enough that suggests that people have been misled.  you only have to look at the brydge's website to see that they are continuing to mis-represent the product on an ongoing basis.  to not be concerned about this would be to stick your head in the sand or simply light a match under a wad of cash and just hope and pray it doesn't go up in flames.
@annette as long as they ship us a brydge, they've fulfilled the project. look at the project's headline: "an anodized aluminum keyboard for your ipad with built-in speakers that connects with a hinge for nearly 180 degrees of positioning." even with the revised hinge, they're still meeting what they said. quite frankly, this is how investments work anyway. you didn't "buy" a brydge. you invested money into brad, eddy, and sam's idea to help them reach their goal. there is always the chance of changes or even failure. people should wait until an idea actually reaches the market if they care about every detail in a project.
@thai, taking from your same link: "according to the website's terms of use, creators are required to fulfill the promises of their project, or refund any backer whose reward they did not or cannot fulfill."
fyi to those with second thoughts: http://tinyurl.com/cswbyne "kickstarter is not another way to window shop on the internet for cool new stuff," bryan rankin said in a posted comment. "you're not just investing in a product, you're investing in the creator and sometimes investments fail. when that happens, generally, if the project creator gave a good faith effort to bring the product to market, the money has been spent. as with all investments, there is a risk involved."
after reading all the posts and everybody a twitter about the design of the hinge. imho, the basic idea is lost and everybody is focused on the art design of the the hinge.   it does what i want 1. supply a hinge and make it an ersatz laptop (hate the lift and plunk of the logitech) and it has 2. hopefully and better speaker sound than the oem in the i-pad. lets see how it works to each persons  personal expectations rather than quibble about design.  as frank lloyd wrigtht said  "if you don't like what i designed plant vines"
@brian powers. agree with you there. this is kickstarter not walmart. we are investors in new tech. i along with many there's love the brydge and the new design. to be honest after i pledged and long before seeing the new hinge i did think the big black hinge was ugly and cumbersome. brad et al have shown some great innovation by thinking of hinge minimalism. and for those who don't want it brad is listening. he is offering to provide that too. i am fully behind the brydge and the spirit of kickstarter.
cry babies. all of you.
to the brydge team: give us the product that we thought we were backing or give us our money back! it's as simple as that.
i'm jumping to cruxskunk - my brydge will be up on ebay as soon as it arrives, and hopefully i won't take too much of a loss.
so no one has the confidence in this project that they would like another brydge and offer to buy mine? if you want confidentiality you can email me: amciotola @ gmail dot com.
beginning of october or end of october .. ?
ok.  i also got an e-mail from brad saying that the item will ship with a full sized keyboard and it appears to be shipping in october.
and for some good news! "hi ziv, we are creating one product, the brydge, and the keyboard on the brydge will be full-sized, as big as the original keyboard. thanks,  bot sam"
they have reached the "bot" stage. just got a message that doesn't answer my question, just says again the same "political" answer. "hi ziv, thanks for the message. we are continuing to work with our manufactures to create the best possible brydge we can. we are also looking into solutions for anyone who prefers the original design. thanks,  sam"
my brydge will be the $210 model and if you'll buy it off me, us shipping is already included. for international i will need to receive it first then ship out to you, you'll need to cover shipping, too.
i really wish i had the funds to get the crux. i love how it bends all the way back for easier portrait use. i have a $155 spot saved but may need to cancel my pledge. if i knew where this one was going so i could arrange to sell i would. even though these guys haven't said i'm more than willing to bet my next paycheck that the brydge will not ship on time, especially since they keep changing the design. i really wish i had a definite out on this one. anyone willing to buy it off me now? i will even put your shipping address in when the response email comes out. i'll take a screen shot of the entry after i submit it. i accept paypal.
yeah, hate to say it, but it looks like the "cruxskunk" seriously "skunks" the brydge... http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/spywire/cruxskunktm-powerful-ipad-laptop
part of the response i got from the creators of this project: "we have already started distributing the funds to our various manufacturers, so unfortunately we will not be offering refunds to our kickstarter backers." they are also working on a way to make 2 products(???) why are they wasting money on 2 product rather then making the one we backed up? "we are still finalizing the design of brydge and are looking into solutions for anyone who prefers the earlier model - we will update backers who prefer the earlier version as soon as we can."
this is plain ridiculous.  while we can all argue on the hinges design, i hope no one thinks its ok for them to change the whole product.  they promised full size keyboard, that the product, not aesthetics.  watch the video, at 00:22 they promise full size keyboard.  by backing out of the promise they are building a whole new product. this isn't right.
quite a shift from the original design to this new one.  that is unfortunate....the new design is ugly...two bandaids on a beautiful ipad.  i realize a project is fluid as it progresses in the design phase....but this fluidity should have been resolved prior to promoting the original design.  i believe that design is what caused many, including myself, to be drawn to this project in the first place.  last time i looked at the promotional video...about a day ago, the original design is still showcased....what is that all about??  it just makes me sick every time i see the original to what is now the 'latest and greatest' design  the caveat that those who want the original design can have that doesn't give me much confidence in this project.  i know we are investors (and investments usually carry risk) in a venture to help get it to production...and it is also disappointing that such a drastic change has occurred.
@andy j - looks horrible.
just noticed this.... http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/spywire/cruxskunktm-powerful-ipad-laptop…
the original hinge design was a nice and aesthetic design. now we seem to be stuck with this over-dimensioned ugly hinges that would do great on my garden fence. no-one asked for forward or backwards compatibility, this is even questionable as the 'new' ipads might be of a different size after all. there are even other ways to solve this issue if an issue at all. i strongly advise and request to go back to what was initially promised and not disappoint many backers.
i prefer the original hinge design in anodized silver with a translucent shim. not a fan of the newly designed hinges.
@annette this line from the update may be useful to you: "also, for anyone who prefers the original hinge design, we are continuing to work on a solution for you. we definitely want everyone who pledged and has supported us to be satisfied with the reward they receive."
at this point i'm done. i'll wait it out and for those who think they changes are so great then maybe one of you can buy my brydge and take it off my hands.
another here that much prefers the new hinge,  silver and clear, the more subtle the better. i really don't get what the fuss is with regard to the hinge, it means it is likely forwards compatible and it looks like there is a fair chance for those that prefer the older design will get one like that.  but what do i know, or even care at such a non issue. still looks like a good product, still no product quite like it, and now imo looks better.
per the update you are not looking at the new hinge. "we were hoping to show you photos of our new skinny hinges that we mentioned during the last couple of updates, but we discovered during some testing last week that we need to tweak the design a bit. we should have a few of them in our office in a couple of weeks and will give you a look at that time. here are some pictures of the earlier versions of the hinge that we have on hand."
hi guys,      i also like the new hinge design. personally, i prefer anodized silver for the hinge, and translucent for the shims (more subtle and inconspicuous).  i do feel betrayed that backers didn't receive a better deal for taking a chance supporting you than "pre-order" latecomers buying a finished product.  keep up the good work.
i have to say, i'm liking the newest hinge design. the silver design makes it almost invisible, which to me is nicer than having something black covering up the back of my ipad. congrats guys, you've won me over! now just keep giving us regular updates and i'll be happy
i actually like the new design a lot more than the old one. i was never really sold on the original hinge but decided to back this project because of the use of aluminum and the fact that it has speakers. i think silver hinge with white shims is a great idea. not only does it match the color of the ipad but the design of the new hinge is also minimalistic, which is something that i appreciate. i think when you guys send out the survey you should allow your backers to choose whether they want the original design or the new one (and which color they want). i'm looking forward to this product! keep up the good work guys! btw are you guys on track to ship in october?
the new design is even worse than i thought. i was going to wait and see if this resolved itself and went back to the original design but it did not based on the latest update. i am going to try to dispute with amazon as well. has anyone gone to kickstarter directly? this is an astounding bait and switch. i want my money back.
i still want the original hinge. sorry but this is a case of bait and switch, even it's not the textbook definition. you baited us with a sleek looking product then presented us with a clunky replacement *after* taking our money. 1. either what you promised turned out to be expensive and you underestimated the expense or 2. you're trying to sell the cheaper option so you can make a lot of money. either way, i will continue to pursue to get my money back until you give what you promised. don't worry, i will refute my dispute with amazon because it has nothing to do with the delivery date.
that's still not what we bought into. tracy, they did the same thing with amazon. will be interesting to see what happens with my credit card. i'm tempted to reopen the amazon complaint to reiterate that it's not the delivery day i have issue with it, it's the design they change they made after taking our money.
i still want the original as suggested as an option by the creator recently
looks good, i  opt for silver hinges and white shims
anyone check out the cruxskunk project on kickstarter? looks ilke those guys actually know what they're doing to produce an all aluminum keyboard for the ipad http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/spywire/cruxskunktm-powerful-ipad-laptop
brad! brad leong!  u r where?
actually good luck with anyone getting their money back. i seriously doubt that anyone will see any success with that route, even the banks. what perhaps folks should be doing if they are upset is hitting the same list of tech sites and major tech online publications that these developers used to get the word out about their project with updates about how this major win in funding through kickstarter has turned into a major disappointment. bad press for both kickstarter and the brydge developers are going to be your best leverage now. they have all of the cash. they are just one bankruptcy filing away from no one seeing their money again.
at some time i presume they will have to ship something.  if october comes and goes, i would presume we should be able to dispute through amazon on the basis of no product shipped.  what a long time to have to wait though.
thanks, tracy. i spoke to the bank who will look into it. just hope the two don't collide; however, if the one from amazon fails i have the dispute already filed with the bank. i had to speak with the back because the dispute time frame has already passed.
@annette, to save you some time, please see my last post in comments, as i attempted to dispute the purchase through amazon to no avail.  brad and his team were quick to respond to amazon denying my request with the reasons i referenced in my post.  the only way to dispute this is likely going to be through the credit card company...or waiting til the delivery of the product and then requesting a refund based on the significant changes made to the product design.  although, with the lack of communication from the team, who knows when and if we'll see the product.  these guys made close to $800k in funding on this project.  you'd think they'd show more respect and responsiveness to their backers. very disapointing.
where is our update, brad?!!
i've emailed brad twice, no response, so i'm giving amazon a try first. just trying to go the proper route. i've also printed pdfs of the original design and the change in case brad decides to update this page at all.
@annette...did you try the credit card route? i'm curious if others have had any luck in doing so by going that route to get their money back.
if you file a dispute with amazon it will take approx 45 days to resolve.
i'm also interested in how bb was able to cancel his payment. he hasn't responded either so i'm thinking he might be full of it. it's been said that amazon themselves will not cancel the payment.
i'm thinking if we don't start getting timely updates i'm going to file a dispute with my credit card company. the one think that sold me on this was the speakers. i took a look at the cruxkunk and the lower levels are sold out. i did find this one as well: http://clamcase.com/ipad-3-keyboard-case-black.html i like the idea of the 360 rotation, which this one has as well.
another day and still no response from the creators. why is it so difficult to be honest with all the backers? we were promised new pictures and videos of the new hinge...not just the 'sneak preview' that started this uproar. so what's going on? give us an update...or something.
what is going on, have the creators gone into hiding or something?
i have to say, the lack of communication is really a concern here. i think kickstarter projects work the best when there is constant communication. even if you guys don't have any new info on the new hinge, you should still post an update saying that things are still in progress behind the scenes. some type of post is better than silence...
the cruxskunk is tempting as an alternative.  but, the real reason for my backing the project is the speaker option.   i would stay with my logitech all aluminum snap cover if not for the speakers . (love to safety of the wrap snap, hate the sharp edges. i filed them smooth, which helps)   i wonder if the cruxskank pat. applied and the brydge pat. applied my be the issue.
the cruxskunk does look impressive but after this is over, i do not think that i will be funding anymore kickstarter campaigns.
@yukihisa - thank you for pointing out the cruxskunk!
hi brad, why do you not show the cg of a new hinge? we will confirm after the hinge has been determined. are you ignoring us? i also will demand repayment. now, cruxskunk™ appeared in kickstarter....
where is my update on the 'new hinge'? i was told to wait a week and it's ... well ... been more than a week. why can't i have the design you sold me on???
horrible horrible horrible design~~how do we cancel the payment?
i hate new design and it's frankly very ugly. i want to cancel my pledge!
@bb how did you managed to cancel the payment? any tips you can give the rest of us?
@woconnor that's why i'm so bothered and baffled by all this -- it's not just the design change, it's also that none of the reasons given seem to add up. am i to understand from the reasons given that many of the *original* selling points of brydge were just lies? it wasn't compatible with ipad 2 and ipad 3? it didn't really hold your ipad strongly enough? now i don't know what to believe. very simply, these guys are not being open and honest, and *that* is what makes me not want to do business with them. and before anyone criticizes me for saying that, just go visit thebrydge.com and tell me why any *honest* businessperson would still be advertising a product design they don't intend to make -- and still taking people's money for preorders. "but they're working hard to bring our product to market," you say. "they don't have time to update their web site!" that might be true -- fine. just turn it off. stop deceiving people about what the product is going to look like, and quit taking their money until you can get correct representations of the product on your site. then turn it back on and take orders. (not that anyone will be interested once they see the real design.)
well put tracy!!!!  is funny that the update mentioned concerns about  how well the new hinges grips the ipad but yet in one of their  initial videos and text right on the first place they stated and this a exact copy and paste watch our "shake test" to see how strongly brydge's hinge holds your ipad brydge's aluminum body is machined and anodized so that it matches the look and feel of the ipad precisely. when paired together brydge and your ipad appear to be two parts of the same device, blending style and functionality seamlessly. unlike other products made of painted plastic in an effort to look similar to the ipad, brydge does not fake it. not only does it look good, but when held in your hands you can feel the quality craftsmanship apple lovers demand. so my question is which is it ...... oh well i guess we will need to wait until the new photos are posted to see if they manage to convince me to fall in love with the new  forced upon me design.
well, the design team couldn't be troubled to respond to the concerns of their backers in an expeditious manner, but took less than a day to dispute my request for a refund.  their reply: "this was a kickstarter pledge and no item has been delivered yet. the reward promised will be delivered later this year, which is what the buyer signed up for." never mind that the dispute centered around the significant design change that was made to the brydge, not the delivery date. the team already expressed their intention to go forward with the modifications, so this is just a matter of postponing the inevitable...keep my money and send me the revised product later to have me dispute it then, or show good faith in granting the buyer's request for a refund now.  i guess they’ve made their choice. the team went on to remind me (how kind of them) of the kickstarter backers' agreement and highlighted the following: "backers consent to kickstarter and its payments partners authorizing or reserving a charge on their payment card or other payment method for any amount up to the full pledge at any time between the pledge and collection of the funds."   --  thanks for reminding me that you already collected my funds.  i'm clearly aware. "the estimated delivery date listed on each reward is not a promise to fulfill by that date, but is merely an estimate of when the project creator hopes to fulfill by."   --  if this was a dispute about the delivery date, this would be notable.  my issue is with the continued intention to send a fully redesigned product...not one with a few minor tweaks...whenever the delivery date occurs. "kickstarter does not offer refunds. a project creator is not required to grant a backer’s request for a refund unless the project creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward."   -- i would suggest that the project creater is unwilling to fulfill the reward for the product that i supported in my original backing.  even if this is disputed, the project creator may not be required to grant the request, but if you want any sort of credibility and respect for your business and project on kickstarter or elsewhere, you should do the right thing and honor it.  it is the reason why companies offer returns, warranties and guarantees….this isn’t a new concept.  it’s called good business. and for everyone who is bitching about those of us who are dissatisfied with the product changes, i'm not sure why it's necessary to insult other backers who are similarly entitled to their opinions and feel justified in requesting refunds. i've backed numerous projects.  i'm not a novice on kickstarter unlike some other of the most vocal critics on here who have backed a single project but profess to be experts on how kickstarter does and should work.  we’ve heard you.  thank you for your opinion and enjoy your modified brydge.  i still want my money back.
@tracy whitcomb -- let us know the outcome of your dispute process. i suspect that amazon will say that they are merely a "payment processor" in this case and that the dispute has to be resolved with the project creators, and only they can refund the pledge. there are those who say you are not actually "purchasing" goods or services when you back a kickstarter project, so traditional credit-card protections don't apply -- but i would argue that since kickstarter *requires* project creators to fulfill rewards to backers, then you are receiving goods in exchange for consideration (your pledge) -- and that's a purchase. if nothing else, we are treading interesting legal ground here. :) i've tried to be patient with the brydge team. i've tried helpful advice, cajoling, and threatening to dispute my pledge. it is simply mind-boggling to me that they can't just say, "sorry, we screwed up, we hear you -- back to the original design you all love." the fact that they won't do that tells me that either: a) whoever on the team came up with the new design is so blindly and short-sightedly in love with it that he simply can't "let it go" and admit it was a design blunder, or . . . b) the original hinge we all loved was faked in the videos and never actually worked. that would make me sad, because it would mean that the brydge team was also deceptive in addition to simply lacking business savvy.
guys, i wrote them via amazon payments that i would like to cancel my payment. this is the answer i got from sam gordon: hi ulrich, thank you for your message, we definitely appreciate hearing your feedback regarding the hinge and understand your concerns given the picture you have seen. in an effort to give you a sneak preview, we misrepresented what the new hinge will actually look like when finalized, and we will endeavor to correct that. as soon as we can, we will be providing new looks of the hinge and more information about it. we hope that you’ll take the time to review all of the upcoming photos and videos which will give a much better look at the new hinge, and not base your entire opinion on one photo. additionally, i hope that you do trust us that we are trying our best to put out the best product we can that you will enjoy for its aesthetics as much as its functionality. i will follow-up with you once we have new footage of the hinge design so that you can get a better look. thank you, sam  i hope they really gonna update us with some pictures...
well i'm gonna' give it a shot, heath. i'm out (i hope). i'm done with these kids. they have no clue how to run a project. seven days ago, they posted the pic of the new hinge. six days ago they said 'chill out, it was a bad pic, we'll post more.' i was willing to give them a chance to take a picture and upload it, but it has now been six days without a word from the creators. this is just bad form, and frankly, very disrespectful. guys, here are jim's three simple rules for a successful project: communication, communication, communication. they won't guarantee success, but without them, you'll have a hard time having satisfied backers.
good luck with your amazon dispute. i tried it and it said that i had to contact kickstart. from there they said that the funds were already withdrawn ($210.00) and that no refunds can be issued.
sorry guys, but i don't invest in a $210 project to receive so little communication or to be told that my mind will change about the product changes based on a few new pictures...when and if we ever see them.  you certainly have the right to make major design changes to your product without consulting with your backers, but you should have had the integrity and consideration for those who funded this to do otherwise. you just can't expect us to continue to have blind trust in you when the communication is so poor.  you made a significant design change and there have been no additional photos posted and no updates to ease the concerns of your investors. i've disputed the purchase through amazon to reverse this transaction. this just isn't good business even if your intentions were good. good faith only carries you so far.  i hope you'll consider improving your responsiveness and communication with your remaining backers, and i wish you the best of luck with your modified product.
i'm agree with the other posts here, i don't like the new design and that was not the product i've payed for so i will cancel my transaction when this design is final!!! @ the brydge team: we're waiting for a statement!
well 6 days since the "new" design was sent out and with hundreds of complaints and still no response. when i first signed up i had concerns due to there last ks project (oona) and this project is now going down the same route by the looks of it. :(
it's notable that the brydge website (http://www.thebrydge.com) still shows the "original" design hinge, and there is no mention of the "redesigned" hinge. so, as frustrating as it is for all of us who have backed this project in good faith, based on the original design, think of the schmucks who pre-order from the brydge website and have no clue about the hinge debacle.  those folks will be ordering, on the basis of a 'regular' commercial transaction, a product that is described with various specs (including the photos and videos!) on the website, but will then receive a different product.  now, that does sound like false advertising and fraud...
the redesign is awful...  looks like a couple of band-aids slapped on the back of a ipad.  the design aesthetic, including the hinge, was one of the key reasons i backed this project (i'm sure this is true for many other backers).  i certainly would not want this "redesigned" brydge -- it is a completely different product from the original design proposal. why on earth would you spring this on all the backers who have given you $ in good faith for this project?  at best, it's an appalling business strategy and terrible lack of communication; at worst it's fraud. please advise on how i can receive a refund and withdraw from this project.
i too think the new design stinks.   the original hinge was a excellent and fit the i- pad.   imho,  the redesign is akin to steve jobs adding keyboard to the i-phone.
hi all the time is up ! i have cancelled the order on amazon payment !   200 comments and not a single response or statement from the project team is unacceptable from my point of view. you don’t communicate  with us , you have no picture or drawing  of the new design or proof of any new valid design. how do you expect you backers to trust you.? you clearly show no appreciation to those people that made your project possible in the first place and where you would be without that support ! i liked the idea and the initial design concept, otherwise i wouldn’t have supported you guys but i can live without it too.   i think this product is a little too expensive to risk a bad surprise . i feel sorry for the backers that chose the retail and distributor package and can just hope the final product will look anything like that idea the initially supported and will fetch at least the money it cost them when they will sell them on ebay.   i am afraid we will soon see a similar product of the brydge design (like we did with other good products i.e.tiktok+lunatik, element case vapor 4, smarttv, ipad cover, etc.) on the internet at a much cheaper price.   hopefully more backers will cancel and sent a clear message that mayor design changes like this are unacceptable once the fubding goal has been reached.   also kickstarter should assist project in times like these in terms of communication and how to deal with customers because all backers are at the end of the day your most precious customers !   we made your project possible   to all others , wish you the best of luck
project creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill.......
who is is censoring posts on kickstarter? porject creators or kickstarter?
brad and the team not sure whats up, but you guys showed so much promise and failing at the one thing that is important "communication".  i hope that you are reading the comments and i do hope that you respond soon to the backers that invested their money and more importantly trust in you. as a small business owner myself i know all too well how important effective and timely communication is, so if you need some assistance in pr then let us help. i am sure that there are some among  the backers who will be willing to volunteer some time to help get things back on track. if you want to learn from others on kickstarter take a look at taktik  who are doing an excellent job in keeping the community informed and up to date. the main complaint here has been the design shift to something that is unappealing to say the least. one of the things that makes the ipad such a great product was the design excellence and values.  your current design goes against that, the original one which many of us signed up for  was spot on. so come on guys communicate !!!
i agree with all below. especially the point that we have to pay the same price as preorders at your web site.
@ brad leong,  1. why dont you post the update where it belongs ? in the update section !  2. why do you post a picture of a design that it not representative ?  3.i dont believe you do even have a picture of the final design or a prototyp  4. how about a cad animation or drawing ? that is representative and meaningful ! 5. why can i pre-order on your homepage at the same price as here on kickstarter ? shouldnt we as the backer have the better deal ?  6.as some others already announced here on this page i will also cancel my amazone transaction and credit card transaction if i dont see an picture of the design that will go into production by tomorrow!!! should the final design be posted here and if i actually like it i still have the option to order it from your homepage at the same price anyway. you should improve your overall communication with people that trusted you and backed you up ! fact is you have proposed a design that people liked and changed it after the funding goal was reached.
you know what i just realized? the kickstarter page says the hinge was patent pending. maybe they couldn't get the patent on it... also, to the brydge team, can you at least make those two belts holding the ipad that silver aluminum color?
the new design for is really ugly !!!!!
let's see what the new design will look like after they post new pictures and videos. i do agree with the majority of the comments and i like the original design better too. let's wait and see...
i am not at this point asking to be refunded.  i am asking kickstarter to look at this situation and for brydge to address why they abandoned the original design and what the possibility is that they will revisit it. i suspect it has to do with tooling and production costs. my concern is that their lack of responsiveness despite a short comment back (which really should have been presented as a new update) might indicative of the company as a whole.  how will they deal with defective units, etc? i am looking forward to more transparency on brydge's part as well as more information on their design.  debi
the brydge guys posted a response to everyone's concerns in the comments for the latest update.
@john dietrick point being we funded a project that already guaranteed compatability with ipad 2 and 3. i never would have funded this project if that was in question. just another reason to be so dissipointed in how this project has been handled so far......
@nick klar: from the latest project update: "the primary reason [for the redesign] was the feedback we received from you, that you wanted the brydge to be upgradable from the ipad 2 to the ipad 3 (and future versions of the ipad)." agree that the original project faq stated compatibility with both ipad2 and ipad3, but the latest update seemed to indicate that once they moved beyond the prototype phase, for some reason compatibility between ipad2 and ipad3 could not be delivered without the silicone shims (and the new hinge). so i was offering a suggestion of how that might be done with the original hinge simply by swapping out the tpe shell over the metal hinge.
@john dietrich                                                 faq (from home page) question: what version of the ipad will brydge work with brydge will work with ipad2 and ipad3, unfortunately we are not supporting the ipad 1.  the back is curved in a way that differs from the current ipads and it makes it a heavy redesign to integrate with.
i don't like the new design. it's not appealing to me at all. if you plan to keep it please let me get a refund.
@matthew turner -- you're right, we should definitely give them a chance to weigh in and respond. here was my note to brad: ----------------- hi brad, as a backer of brydge, i don't think i'm alone in my disappointment with the new design. quite honestly, this is an entirely new product -- and not one which i have any interest in backing unless it returns to the original design. i'm sympathetic to wanting to future-proof the design somewhat as well as making it compatible with the ipad 2 and ipad 3. but some thoughts: regarding compatibility with future ipads, i don't think you should waste any effort on that at all. the hinge is the least of your worries there -- the primary concern is that it looks rather unlikely that the "ipad 4" is going to have the same screen size as previous ipads anyway, so even if you take steps to accommodate some different *thickness* with silicone shims, the width and height of the product itself will likely no longer match anyway. thus it's a futile effort to try to accommodate future ipad models. second, regarding compatibility with both ipad 2 and ipad 3, this is easily accomplished within the original hinge design and without the need for any shims. since the original design is a metal alloy hinge with a  tpe/tpu shell, the same hinge can be used for both ipad 2 and ipad 3, the only difference being that the *shell* is molded slightly thicker in the ipad 2 version, making the hinge gap a little less than 1mm smaller. this would affect manufacturing cost and complexity only minimally even though you are essentially carrying two separate skus, one for each model. before i (and others) formally ask for a refund, i really suggest you take these ideas into consideration and see what can be done to return to the original design. i think this is a fantasic project, and i'd be sad to see you have the first high-profile backer revolt on kickstarter. thanks for listening. :) john dietrich
the new design is terrible and i didn't pledge money for such a horrible design. i would like to ask you to return the design back to originaly introduced design or announce the way how i can get my money back because i don't want brydge in this new design at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how dare you to collect money for something and then change the design so significantly !!!! i would like to inform you that i have sent complaint about your behavior to kickstarter and if it will not help then i will be forced to take some legal actions.
oh how quickly some of you turn...... one of the big things about kickstater is the free market feedback you get. should you not give them time to respond to the feedback we are giving them before you start demanding money back etc, i was one of the first to say i did not like the new design and my pledge is $230 but im willing to give them a few days to have a rethink before wanting blood..... brydge please come to the part and let people know what's happening after this unsuccessful design review....
here was my response from kickstarter: --------------- hi john, sorry for the trouble! unfortunately, the pledge has already been collected, so i recommend getting in touch with the project creator to see if they would be willing to issue a refund. you can send a message through the "contact me" button that's in the creator's profile section. hope that helps! best, emily --------------- i suspect if we all contact brad as described above and ask to have our pledges refunded, that might send a pretty powerful message. however in tandem i am going to dispute the charge with amex; they are pretty good about reversing these things and then it will be up to amazon payments to get their money back from brad.
see below.  i hope kickstarter has been monitoring this.  i have asked them to tally the number of responses to the redesign, i don't think they will do so, but they did state they are watching the comments, see their response below to my email. i only hope that mr. leong takes the comments to heart and returns to the original design or a close variant of it to meet his objective of accommodating both ipad versions.  we appreciate his team's efforts to "future proof" the design, but kind of missed the mark.  debi your request (#130460) has been updated. if you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by replying to this email. emily reese, jul 31 13:17 (edt): hi debi, thanks for writing in and bringing our attention to this project. while we make sure projects comply with our guidelines (http://www.kickstarter.com/help/guidelines), we rely on the discernment of the community to determine the viability of a project creator and their ability to complete a project. unless a project violates our guidelines, it will remain on kickstarter. this is not intended as an endorsement of the project, but rather a reflection of how our community ultimately decides which projects receive funding. the project page was designed to ensure an open exchange of information so backers can make informed decisions about the projects they support. best, emily debi wong, jul 31 11:22 (edt): i would be interested in the number of requests or protests to the new design they have posted kickstarter's site. this is an already been funded 9 x over. i think there is some now negative publicity regarding their new design and if you look at the number of posts to the update area, the majority are objecting to their modification/redesign. have you been asked to intervene?
no compromy. just revert back to the original design. all of us backed this project based on the original design. please listen to your backers. more than 90% of the comments here and in the update section despise the new design. revert back to the original design.
i agree with the comments below: the new design is not what i paid for. the aesthetics are all wrong. it's no longer sleek and complimentary of the ipad's design. please find some sort of compromise.
since it's been 24 hours since the news of this stunt with not a peep from the project creators, i'm going to post this information in the interest of those who may want to back out: once a project is funded, you have a very limited time to submit a "buyer dispute" (30 days) on amazon. it has been longer than that for us, since our payments went through around june 4th.   you can still file a complaint and request a refund though. go to amazon payments (https://payments.amazon.com). the default display is 7 days, so you will have to change the timeline back a couple months to see the payment. click view. find the transaction for the brydge. it is to oona, llc. click details. click the "problem with this transaction?" button. read the page and decide how you want to proceed. one option is to submit a complaint. at the very bottom of item #2, there's a link where you can do this.
brad, eddy and sam whilst i applaud you for wanting to listen to the feedback from many of us... this particular decision is one step too far. yes the ability to upgrade is/was a wonderful idea but  as backers i dont think many of us expected to see such a major shift in design. i am sure that many of us as far as technology  goes know all too well that newer versions of a product will come out and that it would have been hard for the team at brydge to future proof the product to that degree. if the new hinges has a far greater strength and durability than the old one and this was also one of  the major decision factor for you then  you need to say that in a much louder fashion. if it is not then one needs to respect the backers original commitment.  we all watched and read the project outline and signed up for what we saw initially and to see such a change without  any real discussion with your backers is somewhat disappointing. it feels to me like a bait and switch and that was not what i signed up for. please at least offer your backers a solution to something that could have been avoided.
please go back to the original hinge design. the re-designed makes the brydge look like a completely different project.  i hope it's not to late..
well, i've submitted my request to kickstarter to have my pledge refunded on the grounds that the project is no longer substantially similar to the project i signed up to back, so we'll see if kickstarter does the right thing or not. i encourage you all to submit similar requests via the contact link at bottom. it's amazing that in the span of one update this project could go from being the best ipad keyboard solution ever designed to one of the ugliest projects in history.
i agree with all previous comments. the redisign of the bryde is not the project that i've funded! it looks cheap and ugly! i understand the requirement to support the last, current and further ipads, but please not on the cost of the original elegant design and especially not without prior notice and voteing. for me, and i think for many other bakers too, we want the original design of the bryde back.  so, if you don't post an official statement on this side up to the end of this week, i'll cancel my order.
i have a bluetooth keyboard for my ipad.  its functional.  it fits both my ipad and the new ipad.  i backed this project because you had offered an elegant design along with the functionality. this change is not what i backed.  you've lost the elegant design and frankly if i could withdraw my backing i would do so. i would happily pay for a modified version of the original elegant design for each of my different ipad models and the future ones, rather than have what appears to be a design compromise that really doesn't deliver on your original premise.
i do not like this re design either. please change back to the one we had before. this redesign is not beautiful  and we have all pledged for the design it originally had. multiple people also aske to make front hinges white  as an option for white ipads.
please listen to your backers! this is not what we pledged for. it is totally a different design. visual beauty and functionality was the earlier premise when we all backed this project. if i knew its going to look like this i wont back this project. its ok to tweak the product a little bit here and there during the design process but this is beyond our imagination man. imagine backing a project to produce a box then what you get is a hook!!! it misleading, misrepresentation. please revert to the original design. agree with @john dietrich
i must say that i'm not very happy with the new design ...i've funded for what i've seen  so would it be possible to ask you to either go back to the original design or work on an alternative design? i've looked for many keyboards and thought  i've finally found what i was looking for so i've decided to fund it for the original design although it was little way over my budget .
if i've learned anything in over 10 years in marketing, its that you cant design something to please everyone.  because when you try to please everyone, you end up pleasing no one. as steve said below, i'm a bit perplexed by the rationale that this new hinge was designed to accommodate future ipads...how could one possibly know what future iterations will be like?  and why design to that? think of it this way:  if a future ipad design does not fit the original brydge design, the consumer will just have to buy a new one (that you would and should hypothetically design).  increased sales...how is that a bad thing? please go back to the original design, its why we all backed the project in the first place.
thanks john. looks like the tos might protect are investment.
people talking about wanting to cancel their backing leads us into a bit of an ethical gray area. referring to the kickstarter tos, we have this: "project creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." to pick an egregiously obvious hypothetical, if you were backing a unicycle project and, after funding closed, the creators decided that an additional wheel would make the product better, i think you're within your rights to ask to have your pledge refunded rather than accepting a bicycle as your reward. with a product like brydge where the aesthetics, form and design are just as important to backers as the functionality, one *could* argue that providing a substantially different design is tantamount to not fulfilling the reward. barring refunds, i suspect we'll be seeing about 3,000 brydges on ebay about two days after the ship date. so if nothing else, the design change has created a nice secondary market. :)
i do not like the redesigned hinge either.  very disappointed and would like the original hinge brought back.  there is no way to know that new design would fit future ipads anyway.  the new hinge looks cheap and ugly.
ugh. went from so cool to so disappointing. is there a refund process?
agree with all the previous comments - the new design ruins the appearance. would it not be possible to incorporate the new hinges into the original black plastic cover thus keeping the appearance but allowing all the new benefits of upgradability and strength?
i agree with all of the comments posted so far, i am not a fan of the redesign as these new hinges look far too clunky and out of place. the original design complimented the great design of the ipad, and i just feel the new ones cheapen the brydge. please bring back the original hinges and thanks for the hard work.
since posting my original comment a few minutes ago, i have read other comments as well.  i have to say that i am completely disappointed with the change.  very unhappy and don't know what to so about it.  i don't think  i will use your product on my ipad.  so disappointing!
since the funding of this project exceeded the original goal by a factor of almost 9, is it possible to offer both the old and new versions of the hinge? this would satisfy the apparent majority who are more concerned with the aesthetics while also appeasing those minority backers who called for an option to easily upgrade with future iterations of the ipad. while i admire your good intentions, this is becoming a pr nightmare that would very likely hinder current sales and impede the progress of your future projects due to concerns over the integrity of such endeavors.
so disappointed! this is not the project we funded........
mtv has grabbed the story about the design change: http://geek-news.mtv.com/2012/07/30/brydge-kickstarter/ i hope the team reconsiders.
do not like new design! what a disappointment...
i definitely do not like the redesign at all. this now looks like a do-it-yourself, or student project.  the new hinges look too thick, chunky, and clunky. also, the hinges look like they will put more stress on the ipad focusing the weight at the two ends where the hinges are instead of equal weight like in the old design. i too sadly am currently regretting my decision to back your product.  to make at least one positive saying, it was nice that you tried to make the hinges be more versatile for future  models.  please go back to the older hinge design.  i am willing to give up the future fit potential for future ipad models. other companies make you buy products for new models of the ipad anyway.  there really should be an option for the hinge type wanted by the customer/backer.
i have to say i really like the ability to easily upgrade the brydge.  thanks for working to keep it useful now and in the future.
u-g-l-y! you ain't got no alibi, you fugly!  man, i never would have funded this atrocity if this had been the design from the outset. sometimes form has to trump function. congrats, you guys have designed a keyboard that can be attached to any generation ipad, but is so ugly that i will never use it on any ipad.  thumbs down.  frowny face.  i request a prototype instead of the final.  boo.  hiss.  too late to change back?
sadly, have to agree with william and norio....the new hinge design is a bit of an aesthetic fail. i know it must have been really challenging to come up with a solution that would work for various ipad models, but this rev is a bit disappointing. while i liked the previous black thermoplastic hinge a lot, now that the material is aluminum, the black looks out of place against the ipad's aluminum. perhaps this version would look better in unanodized aluminum the same color as the ipad. and the silicone shims would then look better in black i think than the clear silicone shown.
don't like the new design as much as the old design.  it looks pretty kludgy.
i think very sorry for the report from you. new design of the hinge is not cool compared to the original one. i will ask for further improvement of the new hinge to you !!!
not loving the new hinge design. out of character and looks just like its stuck on there. the original one looks more purposeful and deliberate.
annette and ziv: just posted an update!
it's been almost 30 days since the last update. please post one soon. i agree that twice a month is not too much to ask for.
any updates?
@heath keep in mind that the philosophy behind kickstarter is to help fund new projects and ideas, not to shop for a product. what you receive is supposed to be a thank you for helping the creators. in many cases, creators send a copy of the final product, but they didn't have to.
it would be nice if the people that are backers for the $210 full priced keyboard with speakers could get a discount. otherwise, i could have just waited  and pre-ordered my keyboard in june, and get the free shipping/ full priced keyboard with speakers.  just something to think about.   thanks.
ahmed, i believe i got back to you over email, but you can pay for shipping over paypal. rich and michelle, coming soon!
can we get an update please?
how do i add $35 for international shipping. ais71.japan
hope there is another update soon. i think once every 2 weeks isn't much to ask for :)
thanx for the update . nice work. keep it up guys.
george, ben, jim, ulrich and greg: just posted an update! if you have any specific questions please feel free to email us at info@thebrydge.com and happy to let you know what's going on!
seriously i'm getting scared this is vaporware. 0 updates since funding. please at least give us an update on how it's going.
update please or a schedule updates even better eg weekly or bimonthly or once in every  3wk, whichever fits you guys, just dont leave us wondering whats happening to the project
looking forward to an update on the production schedule. thanks
backlit keyboard i can live without... so... white hinges please! :)
do you guys have any updates for us? maybe some pictures?
any updates?
i truly cannot wait for my brydge to arrive!
i know you guys updated stating that the backlit keyboard will make the brydge thicker, but i just wanted to point out that the macbook airs do have backlit keyboards and those are pretty thin too so it can't be as impossible as you guys say it is can it?  if it doesn't add any signficant alternations to the design or add a hefty amount of weight, i would like to see a backlit feature be in the works. i am still really excited for this keyboard and i can't wait for it to come in :)
great job guys! congrats (though, i'm not suprised) that you surpassed your goal by far! thanks for making such an awesome kickstarter projet and can't wait to see the final product : )
so, i'm currently on my ipad and just got pretty excited thinking about how i'll be able to use the brydge on it soon! how exciting (and a lot lighter than my laptop)! great work, guys, such a good idea.
awsome!  thanks for your dedication to this project...i'm sure you'll have your share of challenges ahead, can't wait for the finished product!!!!
i included your project in a blog post. awesome idea! http://lindseycook.wordpress.com/2012/06/06/kickstarter-the-site-my-money-goes-to/
wow and thank you for the wonderful product!! i cannot wait to get my hands on this! i don't think a backlit keyboard is a show stopper. i use glow in the dark stickers on my laptop and they work just fine. i'll order a set for this, too! nice work everyone!
i unexpectedly lost my job, and asked to cancel my order.  with the project funded for almost $800,000 out of an expected $90,000, what was i told? "unfortunately, we won't be able to do this. i am sorry for your position, but these funds are the seed money to help create the product and we won't be providing refunds for kickstarter backers." way to go, guys: off to an excellent start in terms of customer service!!!  i guess we better hope that nothing goes wrong with our brydge...
what  a nice number - 797979, hope it will be a superb product, congrats guys
how do i add $35 for international shipping. (uk) ?  "we wanted to let you know that we successfully completed a payment to oona, llc for $210.00 on jun 4, 2012." cheers, mat.
well done guys! bring on october!!! cheers, mick
hey, guys, any comments on the snap hold pieces being color changeable or selectable? curious about those of us with white ipads!
hi, it would be great if brydge use the ipad battery for recharge, any way to make this option available? thanks and congratulations
how do i add $35 for international shipping. (denmark) ? "greetings from amazon payments, we wanted to let you know that we successfully completed a payment to oona, llc for $210.00 " regards , michael
i just backed you for $34 with 9 seconds to go. thought it would be nice to have the total pledged be $797,979. it looked like a cool number to me. plus, i just wanted to be your last backer. good luck with this. i'm sure i'll buy one when it is available. regards, pete
just 40 minutes to go and the brydge is funded many times over! i don't want to get involved in the backlight issue, i rarely have occasion to type in the dark. i would like to suggest that you guys approach the canadian folks at iskin.com and see if they would be interested in making an iskin keyboard protector for the brydge, as they do for most of the macbooks. all of my apple keyboards have them and they have saved my bacon more than twice. they are super thin silicone with microban antibacterial protection. i am really looking forward to getting my brydge with what are, i hope, great stereo speakers.
sugo---ku tanoshimi desu (in japanese). i am looking forward to seeing brydge! now, i just get a ipad to use this item (hahaha!)
mmm... man who leaved his 180$ early bird pledge for me - thank you!
this is a really great project and looking forward to having one of my own! great work guys
wanted to add my "thank you" for a great project before it closes.  really looking forward to being able to use my ipad with the brydge!!  great job.
hi guys- really glad i saw this before the project was funded! glad i could back the brydge. this looks amazing and i cannot wait to start using it. really smart and savvy project.
brad, eddy and sam, although i think your product is going to be great i can't justify paying $150 for a keyboard that won't have something as simple as a backlit keyboard. i hope your project is a success and i will keep checking on your progress and likely buy one done the road when you have incorporated the backlit feature. i'm out for now.
i am confident a backlit model will be more difficult but if  you can build it i would purchase more keyboards.
hey everyone: just posted and update and think we answered most of your questions. feel free to email us if we missed you! info@thebrydge.com
even if you guys are still unsure about the backlit status, don't give up just because the deadline has been reached. it would be a great surprise to get my brydge in the fall and find a backlit button on it!
i hope the kickstarter models will have some kind of logo or engraving saying i was a backer. ..else i don't see why i shouldn't wait for a confirmed or no backlit keyboard.
any news about this backlit stuff, guys?
hi, will you propose an azerty keyboard please? thanks. nicolas
will we get an answer on confirmation of a backlit keyboard before the campaign ends?
hi guys, looking forward to october!
really nice looking design.  very curious as to how it snaps onto the ipad.
hi guys. can you confirm if the bryde will still enable ipad to use auto-correction and auto-punctuation? i know when the ipad is connected to a number of external keyboards, auto-correction and auto-punctuation no longer work. thanks!
will you post an update on if this will get a backlit keyboard before your kickstarter ends?
ah whoops found the link at the bottom of the page from "manage your pledge" page
hey guys, my credit card info has changed. how do i update this so that in the next couple of days it will deduct from my new card?
oh and thanks to the good people at buckyballs and brookstone for nominating us for this award!  http://www.thewilliammcshanefund.com/
david: very good question, the blue light will not be on all at all times. it will usually be off and will only be used to help sync the bluetooth and indicate low power levels. david: yes! brydge works with ipad2 and ipad3, but not the original ipad unfortunately. juan: we are looking into the possibility of different keyboard prints! ulrich: i think we're going to stick with micro-usb for now, but will keep in mind for the future! murad: thanks! jonathan: i don't think that will make it into this model. vickram and aries: thank you very much! we are still looking into those backlit keyboards, we'll definitely post an update once we know for sure lindsay: thank you! we spent a long time designing it and appreciate your love! we will look into the different shortcut possibilities. jen and steve: cool projects! thanks for posting!
need these buttons! http://images.appleinsider.com/apple-wireless-kb-review-19.jpg
a backlit keyboard with a toggle on/off switch would be awesome! i even wouldnt mind having decreased battery life since i charge all my electronics pretty often. please make this happen!
did a lot of comparison shopping and couldn't find anything to compare to brydge. any chance of a regular usb slot being added? looking forward to receiving it in october.
will the blue lights remain on at all times.  this may be a bit distracting, especially in a darken meeting or class room, and could reduce battery life.  just wondering, but happy to be a backer.
i hope you can make it backlit. thanks
once i saw the video, i could not imagine any other keyboard that could do justice to the ipad! i am glad i did not put pull the trigger on lg and other similar ones.  backlit brydge would be awesome (with an on/off toggle, of course). just a thought for the next version - may be something like an sd or usb slot could be added, which could then function like the seagate goflex drive! on the more greedy side, may be a way to tape the powerful battery that brydge has (will have?) to charge another small device? okay, let me correct myself here and say - backlit brydge is "required"! please!
just pledged! i would definately wait for a backlit brydge as it will really provide more functionality. maybe bluetooth 4.0 will help with battery life? not sure about that.
just backed after carefully considering the logitech ultrathin was hard choice as i have a lot of logitech stuff in general especially their might fine keyboards. hope this lives up to hype. i too will wait for a version that is backlit with a switch  most important ..
yes backlight for the keyboard would be awesome! or instead of the micro usb something like a small magsafe connector!
as someone else pointed out on how the keyboard can improve.. -please make the option for white hinges.. i have a white new ipad and i know many of us also have white - it will look so much cleaner with white option. also please add pictures with white ipad of how it looks? -backlit keyboard with on/off toggle. this would eat the battery, but it would be so nice to have it for dark times! i love the design, its a great job you guys are doing!
could you replace the micro usb port with a dock connector like the ipad has? that would be very appreciated. so we could just carry one cable with us.
can you post a top down picture of the full keyboard so we can see the layout? i'm curious what the keys are compared to other blue tooth keyboards on the market.
i'm a brydge backer and i have a project, called the hand stylus, currently up on kickstarter. we're also both bay area efforts who use the golden gate bridge in our promo videos... so, we've got more than a few things in common. here's the link to my project: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/hand/hand-stylus… regards, steve king
love your product - can't wait for it!! congrats on making your goal!! since you asked for other ipad projects, here's another project for the ipad i think is cool: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1395973409/original-leather-handle-for-ipad… they are honoring vets with a discounted ipad delivered with their product. can't argue with that!
congratulations. i can't wait to get mine. just wondering if it will work with screen protectors like zagg hd?
hello and congratulations from spain, great project and great job!! please don't forget to make the keyboard backlit and please try to develop a special version for spanish language customers. you know we need to push the "ñ" key many times... cannot wait to see the brydge live...
will this work with the ipad3?
beautiful product... i made sure my pledge got me the model with speakers! this product was the reason i joined kickstarter... just a few things would make this completely perfect imho... - firstly, a backlit keyboard with on/off toggle. - secondly, brightness buttons should be shortcuts instead of 'cut and paste' on the top row of the keyboard! i don't understand why the brightness buttons are always left out on popular keyboard designs!? it would be a very welcome change from some of the other useless shortcuts up there. also, if there isn't shortcut keys for switching between open applications you should try and incorporate that. maybe an 'appswitcher' button? multitasking using only the keyboard ftw!!! -lastly, a black and white colour option for the hinge as my white ipad would look a little less clean with the black hinges. you guys are doing an amazing job, congrats on the half mil!
can you please update us on the backlit keyboard? also will the brydge allow for a secure fit with an ipad with my incipio smart feather ultralight case? i still need to ensure the ipad is protected. understand your design principles here but all the same need it protected.
thanks for the comments everyone! please shoot us an email if i missed yours. info@thebrydge.com. matt: brydge is design only for landscape mode, but we're looking into the possibility of portrait mode options. sam: if you click "manage my pledge" you can add shipping to the amount you have already pledged. alexander:i don't think replaceable keys is going to be a feature but when a key comes off it will be possible to put it back. robert: there will be 2 seperate bluetooth connections: one for audio and one for the keyboard. when audio is not connected over bluetooth, you can plug speakers in the audio jack wihtout a problem.
i can't wait to get my brydge. i have to remote in to work on days when i'm not in the office. currently, i have to use my macbook to do this, so i lug my macbook and ipad around everywhere. i could use just the ipad but i'd have to bring a separate bt keyboard and a handful of batteries with me since once in the vpn app the ipad virtual keyboard is useless. honestly, i can't wait to get my brydge for a number of reasons. 1. like i said, it will be useful in remote work while out of the office. 2. my day bag will lighter without the macbook.  3. the integration onto the ipad it will make it a simple single device that i can use my ipad for almost everything now. thanks you for making the brydge, anxiously awaiting.
hi guys, can't wait for my "froaster" to turn up. for anyone who's unaware, apple ceo tim cooke when asked about pairing an ipad with a keyboard described it as idiotic as combining a toaster with a fridge.  must admit, the reply from brydge made me laugh.  check it out at:  http://vimeo.com/41401266
when i connect the ipad to brydge (speaker version) with bluetooth ,will it show up as one single bluetooth connection, or one connection for the keyboard and one for the wireless audio speaker. in short i'm wondering can i plug in speakers to brydge while it is connected as a keyboard. as the bydge speaker might override the 3.5mm out jack if it was all under one bluetooth connection.
sam, you can update your pledge by clicking "manage your pledge" on the right had side of this page. just add $35 to your original pledge amount for international shipping.
i forgot to add the extra for international shipping........
i was wondering if the keyboard had any kind of rubber feed, couldn't see them on any photo or video? about the  backlit keyboard, to reduce power consumption, what about a light sensor and/or switch? i'm also wondering if the keyboard go's to sleep if you remove the ipad in order to return sound output and keyboard input back to the ipad? anyway it looks awsome already!
1. are they keys replaceable like those on a laptop? my kid tends to pull out my laptop keys out from time to time and i am able to put them back. will you offer replacement keys? 2. is there an ipad back cover out there that would work with your product? as much as i love the idea of typing, i hate the idea of getting my new ipad all scratched in the back as a trade-off.
this is my first backing thing ever! i think you have a very cool product. i backed for the speaker version including the international shipping costs. it's worth it.
i love this product so much that i have upped my pledge and backed the speaker version. thanks to you guys for the idea and realisation and thanks to kickstarter for making it so easy to manage my pledge. and i won't mention anything about backlit keyboards...oops
here's probably a stupid question, but all your videos and images show the ipad turned counter clockwise from portraite to landscape when docked. is this the way around it has to be, or can it go in 90 degrees clockwise from portraite too....?
i´m really looking forward to the delivery :)
thanks for listening to your backers suggestions :) ang congratulations on hitting half a million +++++
hi guys, your brydge is awesome... my first backing thing is the brydge and i am so excited 'bout it. btw, can you give me any explaination bout how the speaker will be... is it worthed add $40 more just for speaker.... how ever the brydge is a great stuff to be one with my ipad... btw. congrats on getting a half million n more
thank you! rich, chris, sunny, paul "logan." terry: we are definitely looking into different color options. sunny: the keyboard is weighted specifically so it will not tip over, obviously the further back it opens the more that weight is countered, no extendable legs at this point. dan: thanks for the story about brydge! rich: cool looking dock. we are definitely looking into the possibility of the keyboard being backlit, we'll keep you posted! thank you!
congrats on hitting the half-million mark.  - rich @ kickstarter project http://kck.st/hxvx5y
love the design.  i have a question:  how many degrees of opening of the screen/ipad before it will tip over?  will it has some kind of extendable legs at the back edge or at the hinges  to make it more stable? can't wait to see the final product.  keep up the good work.
congratulations guys for reaching 1 and an half million....
also , there should be a color option for the hinge because some ipads have white bezels like mine and the hinge will ruin the look a little ( unlike where you use the black ipads you cannot really see the hinge) therefore i think there should be a color option for the hinge of either black or white :) just a suggestion. function wise i'm pretty sure it will work like wonders
totally love this design! backed for it! just really hope that you guys will place a backlit keyboard for it. i dont mind even if it decreases battery life for my keyboard even if by a week or more. since i charge my ipad every single day i will also charge the keyboard every day anyway :)
backlit keyboard pleeeeeeeeaaaassssseeee!!!!
love this project. both judie and i from gear diary backed and will be tracking the project on a new section of the site. we would love any of you to jump over and share your reasons for backing with our readers! http://www.geardiary.com/2012/05/05/brydge-ipad-kickstart-this/
i'd be in favor of a backlight as long as the battery life would not dip under 3-4 weeks. then again, as adding the backlight could open a whole new can of worms (white or other color, adding switch to turn it on/off, etc) impacting design, i'm happy to defer to your expertise/judgement
does the brydge generate heat at all? what about with the backlight?
i would be very interested in the backlight on the keyboard. i don't imagine that the charger will be overly large.  and as for the timeline, as long as the change is not outrageous i think everyone will go for it.
a backlit keyboard is a must if you don't want this product to be stale and outdated before it even gets to market. there is so much competition out there offering some really good options.  take logitech's new ipad case that was unveiled yesterday.  its sporting a solar panel and battery that lasts for 2 years!  my point here is you need to have something that others do not.  you have a sleek product that has a fresh look to it that makes it looks like it belongs with the ipad.  i can't wait to see the final product!  great job guys!
if battery consumption for backlit is a concern why not either make a toggle to have it on or off (personally i would prefer this) or provide backlit to the non-speaker version. i guess the battery is powering bluetooth, key input, speakers and backlit then it would possible drain quicker. seeing as the non-speaker one should last longer anyway having it backlit should not be a concern over power consumption. drop me a mail if i can help if anyway.
i picked up an early backer rate, can i only buy 1 at that rate, or can i pick up a second for family?
this looks amazing,  i am very pleased to be backing this, and i would like to add my vote in for backlit if possible.  if it drains the battery, we can just back a solar panel kickstarter to bundle with it. ;)
thanks steven and txzek. sia: i'm sorry about that, we've been a bit backed up - i'll respond shortly.
hi brad/sam, no one is responding at the oona (the smartphone stand). i placed my order, sent email, never got a confirmation/ tracking id, but the payment is charged... thank you very much.
omg yes!!! backlit keyboard all they way!!!
this is an awesome product and my first kickstarter pledge. +1 from me for a backlit keyboard in the first batch please.
hey all: thank you for the very kind words, the really do make our days. apparently, some folks are just a little bit in favor of a backlit keyboard? no promises at all, but we are going to spend some more time looking into it. our initial concerns are battery life, the possibility of having it compromise our design and delaying our timeline. but we are researching it now and will let you know what we find. also, apologies if we owe you an email/message response - i promise they're coming!
please, please make it a backlit keyboard on the first go-around!  this would be perfect!!  and, please let us know if you will do this or not!
wondering if there will be any extra things added to the limited edition guys who will get their brydge first aside from the engraving of model number?
i saw an interesting but not-as-good-as product but with barely any useful details on the net. http://cl.ly/2h44450a0m3z3a2a3e3e - anyways it wont have the magnetic connection, no loudspeaker and is made out of plastics. and i could not find any picture where it is closed.
will you have some kind of bag or something to store the brydge in when not in use? there are times i'll want to use the ipad in its "raw" form and it'd be great to have a place to store my brydge.
it looks prettier then any of the clamshell kb's i've seen. that's what i'm going for.
great work guys! i'm looking forward to this product! agree that it will be really amazing if it's a backlit keyboard... assuming minimum impact to battery life time.
agree with others on the backlit keyboard. considering the funding you are going to receive, in the region of $500 to $1m at least, is it not possible to look at a backlit keyboard for this model?
i think the keyboard would be a loooooooooooot better if it was backlit like the macbooks keyboard :)
i've been on the fence about an ipad because the slow typing issue. the brydge is a perfect counterpart to solve this problem and provide a stylish case, which i'm going to need anyway! awesome work guys...i can't wait to start using it!
brad, eddy and sam.... or he said.
please please please make the keyboard a backlit keyboard... i beg of you..
awesome!  this is amazing guys!  great work!  i was wondering why there wasn't a keyboard out there that hooked on to the ipad like this, and here it is!  the only thing that would make it better is backlit keys, but i see that you're considering this for the future models (of which i'm sure there will be many).  great work!
gaetano: thank you very much. yuko: i'm so happy this found exactly what you're looking for! headcheese: we learned a lot with our past experiences, eddy has tremendous electrical engineering expertise, and we're very confident we can product a quality product, also this time we are shipping with guaranteed delivery - feel free to shoot me a message/email if you have specific questions. daniel: as of now the keys will not be backlit, but we want to look into that for future models.
based on your previous experience with kickstarter and the oona, how will this project be different? it seems like the oona was pretty technically simple and still experienced some issues/ customer dissatisfaction. the brydge looks super cool just want to see how this project is going to be different then the previous.
please, tell us that you are going to make the keyboard backlit - please update us on this. dan
first time i've used this site before, but this is a great innovation so i couldn't ignore it...
i recently bought an ipad because i have too many business trips and often it is too heavy and bulky to carry around my macbook pro when i know i won't be working on huge files on photoshop while i am away. i have been looking into keyboards, but found nothing that fits with my very picky aesthetics.... till i found you (on c-net yesterday). this is perfect.
great, great, great i'm soooo happy...... for you
hi all: thank you very much for the kind words, it's been an exciting few days! ankush: we've been very busy responding to all these messages, but we'll definitely send out an update soon - if there's anything specific you'd like to know, feel free to email us info@thebrydge.com. thomas: agreed. bill: yes, a couple of us did. trent: yes, we support ipad 2 and ipad 3. steven: that's what she said.
@brad leong, did you guys do the oona?
oona is the first project of two of the brydge creators - http://theoona.com
what's oona??
there is no update ,! give us the update ....
built in storage or usb storage would make this an awesome project!
if apple computer designs a keyboard for ipad, it may be a design such as brydge. i was impressed by a design with a sense of unity like this. thank you for brydge and oona! :)
wow. leave the internets alone for one day and return to another funded project!
wonderful idea, i never thought i'd wish away a summer but i can't wait for october :0)
why buy 1 when you can buy 10??!! =) looks like a great product and we are thrilled to be a part of it.
the oona guys at it again... :-)
when you touch it,  you can feel the difference..  that's what she said.
congratulations, is a great example of innovation, i loved it.
proud to support such innovation.
congrats on reaching the goal already: http://cl.ly/2u1q2p1k2542200l3l13 - and for the great and helpful response time on your email.
interchangable keys would be great; i would love to practice my dvorak....but switch back to qwerty...  :-) fantastic design work guys!!! was this worked on at techshop? ;-))
hey, just backed the project in hoping you'll ever release international layouts. these are the products i want to see in tech stores! great work!
i want one.  no reservations whatsoever about backing this project.
will this support both ipad 2 & 3? or which model?
gigaom - "i was recently enamored by the $99 logitech ultrathin keyboard cover for ipad, but i may hold off and back the brydge instead." i would go with the logitech cause they are a well known and proven company but the best part of ks is you can back a small business. my wife runs the legal foundation  for nfib (national federation of small business).  i love the fact that people can start a company and get help from us and see there dreams come true. please put out a great product and show the big company that the small guys can do it just as well if not better. thanks
hey brad, are you the same brad leong from the oona project kickstarter? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/oona/the-oona-whatever-you-need-it-to-be
love the project. will it support the regular ipad (not ipad2 and/or ipad3)? shai
disappointed i have to pay $170 + $35 and dont get speaker!!! grrrr
can't wait to receive my model #1!  first one off the press!  :)
where can i buy shares in you people?  a great idea, beautiful design, lovely marketing.  on the whole - a package that's clearly inspired by cupertino's finest.  looking forward to being one of the first in the uk with a brydge. john r.  cambridge, uk.
@brad leong, lol, i didn't expected an answer from the makers of brydge. but seriously, what's her full name, i want to look her up :) keep funding guys!
this is awesome and i'm excited to be in on this at the ground floor as well! i'm already wishing for october!
proud to support such innovation.
hi all: thank you so much for the emails, messages and comments and so many for backing us. a great day! if you have specific questions i highly recommend emailing us at info@thebrydge.com to get the quickest response. hugo: the ipad will go to sleep when closed up against the brydge, just like the smart cover. zach: from you lips/fingertips to god's ears. michael: thanks! alex: see response to zach. ismail: you are correct, micha. 2011: about 1.3 pounds. everyone: thank you! let's see what tomorrow brings!
would be nice to have the function of the smart cover.
you guys are going to raise at least $5m with this thing.
looks like you guys had a big day today!  congrats and hope it continues!! i am very excited for a unit with speakers!!!
first off: 10th!! next hello all lets get this thing funded!
that girl on 42 seconds of the video is hot, what's her name?
how much does this thing weigh? if it doesn't ship until october, will you also be sure that it will work with the next generation ipad 4?
if you want to read the cnet article go to cnet and type in brydge, it comes right up.
are there any different keyboard layouts planned (qwertz) ?
does it have this smart cover feature and actually turn off / wake the ipad up when you open and close it?
so, based on the faq about ipad 2 and/or ipad 3 models, should i assume that the brydge i'll be getting with my pledge is compatible with my 1st gen ipad?  or will there be a point where each pledger will need to specify which ipad model they need their brydge to be compatible with?
actually, on the point i raised above: there is a quote from cnet, yet no link to an article. i would very much like to read that article.
i would like to know what the keyboard is like. presumably this will be covered by tech journals as they get their hands on brydge, but whether the keyboard is "usable" is important to me and, i suspect, to others. if it compares favorably to the apple keyboard, that would be very good.
which brydge model is included with the limited edition model?  the one with speakers?
