hi john, you should have gotten it via email late last night. i'll send it to you again.
the site says the issue just launched, do we have to do anything to get the first issue or will it be emailed to us?
i can't wait for my intro issue. i wish i could have pledged more. whoo. i know this is lame but i'm working on a horror/ super hero graphic novel if any one wants to help etc.  http://kck.st/ksz1y8.  long live macabre!
can't wait to read the first issue of nightmare! if anybody is interested, there's a cool horror-themed game project that needs help getting funded: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2066438441/haunts-the-manse-macabre
i love horror, i would devour any horror/terror stories, *especially* apocalyptic ones. i sincerely hope you will have plenty of those in your magazine and you can count on me as being a lifelong, loyal subscriber!
lathorp, the easiest way to get it on your ipad will probably be to have the mobi edition sent to the kindle app on your ipad via the special kindle email address. i believe that's the only way currently available to have an ebook subscription transferred automatically to your device like that. otherwise, we would email you the file and then if you open it on your ipad, you would just select "open in ibooks" (or whatever program you prefer), and the ipad would import the issue into your library. our subscription system developer is going to research other methods for transferring subscriptions to ebook readers, so perhaps by the time we launch, we'll have some alternative methods. but the kindle method described above will definitely be an option.
mr. adams, i really admire the time, work, and dedication you've given to the lightspeed and fantasy magazines. i'm hoping this one also takes off to add yet another dimension to an otherwise boring commute.
ummm, that should be "goes forward"
wish i could pledge more than $25,but times are tight, hope this go forward, i'm a big fan of john joseph adams anthologies and this sounds like another great project
will there be an easy means to get the subscription through an ipad, because that's my preferred way to read digitally.
oh, i only asked, as i will be reading the magazine on my computer. i didn't know that both the mobi and the epub formats could easily be read on the computer. thanks for answering, john. i will upgrade to a one-year subscription.
hi dennis, do you mean that you want a pdf because you'd be printing it out, or just because you'd want to read it on your computer in pdf format? because you can read both mobi and epub on a regular computer too; you don't need an ebook reader for that. we hadn't planned on having a pdf edition -- lightspeed doesn't either -- because it's not really ideally suited for e-publishing; it's really a typesetting tool, and if you're not already doing a print edition it doesn't typically make sense to do one. let me investigate the possibility, though.
dear john big fan of your work on various anthologies, and this is definitely also something i want to support. but i have only pledged 3$ as of now, as i wanted to hear if you would consider releasing the magazine in pdf format for those of us without a ebook reader? - dennis
