we have been pushing updates periodically and have been sending emails out to "registered" and "online" eggs. if you have not received an update, you can go to "settings" (touch the little egg icon on the bottom left of the screen and then scroll down to settings) and then version info and check for an update. the update will be large, so recommend you kick off the download at night and update the following day. the current ota version is 0328.
so, any update on the next firmware update as part of the "working hard to improve the performance of the product" promise. its been quite a while...
can i please have my money back! this product is completely useless to me! you sent me a replacement and the audio does not work. you guys took over $220 of my money and gave me nothing in return. i would be really happy if you would give me a partial refund and i will send the product back.
can i please have my money back! this product is useless!
hi glint: we appreciate and understand your perspective. we're not satisfied with the current temperature profile of the egg and are working hard to get it to be better. that being said, we've attempted to answer each of your points below. think of the processor as an engine in your car. even when you are not moving, if the engine is on, it is generating heat and getting warm. cpus work the same way. here's a link that shows some data for a cpu with similar performance. hope this helps address this statement - "the processor is not doing anything and i fail to see how it can be the cause of the heat in my case" http://www.anandtech.com/show/9167/intel-compute-stick-review/5 the battery is currently being charged with a 400ma charge current which is lower than what your usb port on your pc supplies, so this is not the cause of the heat. if it was, we wouldn't be able to solve it, because we cannot go much lower than 400ma. fortunately for all of us, this isn't the issue. "1) the egg can not be used as described unless it has power (obviously!). but.. " forgive us, but we don't agree because we use it as described every day. if we need to have the egg available for some travel needs, we simply power it off before we carry it with us and turn it on when we're ready to use it. yes, we agree that it would be great if the egg would do this powering off itself such that it had the battery available when we're ready to use it, but for now, this is how we use it till we have our software tuned to be able to do this turning off automatically. "2) the egg cannot hold a charge for longer then 4 hours (this is "in line with current expectations" according to the egg guys). which means.. " please see response for #1 "3) i can't spend the day out with the egg as a portable photo storage device unless i take along some way to charge up it up. so instead.... " please see response #1 "4) why don't i leave it at home and access it remotely? well... i will not leave my egg at home plugged in because i don't feel safe having a tiny portable heater sitting unsupervised on my desk, because... " we understand your perspective and respect it. for comparison, if you happen to have a cable modem in your house, we suggest you go feel the temperature of your cable modem which has a backup battery in it and we suspect that it is just as hot, if not hotter. you can also compare the egg to the temperature results shown in the link that i attached above "5) leaving the egg plugged in causes it to sit at 50 degrees celcius, which is too hot to hold in my hand and is going to kill the (already short) battery life pretty fast (heat is the biggest/fastest/best way to destroy a battery's capacity)." we are working hard to improve this. while the above responses may not help address your concerns, we hope we've explained our position on the situation and our commitment that we are working to improve things. we would still like for you to use the product as described knowing that we're working hard to improve the performance of the product. -eggcyte
the heat issue is an interesting one. despite send a series of photos to the egg guys showing the egg peaking at 50 degrees celcius whenever it is plugged in and charging, and then cooling down again slowly when i unplug the charger, i keep getting told that the "atom is a powerful processor and will cause heat".  i have no photos on the egg or videos, the processor is not doing anything and i fail to see how it can be the cause of the heat in my case. for me the heat is directly related to the battery charging up, which it needs to do frequently considering its life span is no more then 3-4 hours if left idle. so this is where i am: 1) the egg can not be used as described unless it has power (obviously!). but.. 2) the egg cannot hold a charge for longer then 4 hours (this is "in line with current expectations" according to the egg guys). which means.. 3) i can't spend the day out with the egg as a portable photo storage device unless i take along some way to charge up it up. so instead.... 4) why don't i leave it at home and access it remotely? well... i will not leave my egg at home plugged in because i don't feel safe having a tiny portable heater sitting unsupervised on my desk, because... 5) leaving the egg plugged in causes it to sit at 50 degrees celcius, which is too hot to hold in my hand and is going to kill the (already short) battery life pretty fast (heat is the biggest/fastest/best way to destroy a battery's capacity). this leaves me questioning what i can actually use the egg for? it is too lot to leave plugged in all the time, and if i don't leave it plugged in i can only get 4 hours life out of it (thats 4 hours of life when the device is sitting idle not doing anything, it is is a lot less if i actually use it, especially if i upload a video), so i can't take it out on the road with me. sure i could plug it in, transfer photos to it while it is plugged in and charging and then turn it off again... but how it that any different to using a 2.5inch external ssd drive, which i plug in, transfer photos to it and then unplug again, other then the fact that the 2.5 inch external drive doesn't heat up to 50 degrees celcius and i can leave it plugged in all day. i really want this it be a success and useful, but i can't see how at the moment.
hi germaine: thanks for the "pro" comments. we're working to grow this list by fixing the items in the "cons" sections. regarding your "cons": 1) if you are using an android phone to upload through the app, you should be able to do that by "long pressing" on the items in the gallery and selecting multiple items. since you are using the iphone, we are currently able to only select one item using the ios api supplied. we are looking at workarounds for this. 2) the iphone currently kills background uploading which affects uploading of videos and we are looking for solutions to this problem. 3) yes, we understand as mentioned in an earlier response. we understand the importance of this item and are working with intel to improve the power consumption of the processor and the system. 4) plug your ios devices using the same cables into a pc. if the devices show up as drives on your pc, then they should be recognized by the egg. if not, then there is another issue, unrelated to the egg that is the problem. the ios device also presents an empty folder if the egg has not been "trusted" by the ios device. if you don't get the prompt to "trust" when you plug the ios device into the egg, then there is a setting on the iphone that is preventing the connection. the egg should say "device detected" and then "scanning" if there is a connection made. if you see these messages and you have a lot of content, it could take several minutes to scan all your content and then import it. 5) see response for #3 thanks again for being a backer. if you have additional questions, ping us at support@eggcyte.com
okay, i found your email. i'll email you for tracking purpose.
hello, eggcyte team. i have been using my egg for the past few weeks and here is my review. pros: 1) compact and small. easy to bring around.  2) big storages cons: 1) only able to upload a photo one at a time. it needs to be able to have a lot of photos selected and queued to be uploaded into the egg. i tried this only via wireless. was not able to test it out via cable (refer to point 4). if i tried to upload it via hotspot, it does not show my photo that i've uploaded. 2) i cannot seem to be able to upload videos into my egg. 3) gets scorching hot. i understand that it does get warm because of its intense mechanism but when i say scorching, i meant like i can literally get burnt by it if i hold it for 5 seconds or more. i need this to be taken seriously because i have mentioned in the website chat many times and it was just brushed off saying that it will get warm because of the fast processor and it is "normal" that it can reach the point of 40 degree celsius. i need you to understand that i know the difference between warm and scorching hot. even if its "comfortable" temperature is 40 degrees celsius, it is not "comfortable" to a human consumer. i hope i'm not being too melodramatic but it is what it is. 4) i cannot get it connected via my iphone cable. i have followed the instructions posted in the video to the t but my iphone and ipad were not able to detect the device. both apple devices were unresponsive despite changing original apple cables. 5) battery life drains off fast. within around 2-3 hours, the battery is flat. i could not leave it charged in fear that it will burn its surroundings when i am not home. though there are more cons than pros, i do enjoy my egg. i love the idea of it; being able to have easy access to a great capacity of personal data without the threat of online invaders. it just needs a lot of improvement and i don't think this is ready to be sold to the public market just yet. please take my review in consideration and i hope that i am able to exchange my current egg to a much improved version. i am not using it as extensively as i'd hoped to be and that to me is a disappointment as it does not come cheap. thanks for your effort. cheers, germaine cheong
@maksim we are aware the egg becomes warm when it's on and are working to improve this.  there are a couple of reasons for this: (1) the egg uses a powerful intel atom quad-core processor which does, in fact, get warm during normal operation. (2) it looks like you've loaded video onto your egg.  your egg is transcoding the video to a lower bitrate (about 1.5mb/sec) so you can stream it easily across the internet without buffering.  once the egg is finished transcoding (depending upon the length of your video, it can take several hours), you will notice that it will operate at a cooler temperature because the quad-core cpu is not working as hard.  since transcoding only happens while the egg is plugged into the power adapter we recommend you leave the egg plugged in so it can finish the process. we are currently focused on improving both, the egg's cpu usage and its battery life.  we hope to provide software updates in the near future that will help with both of these. with regards to your video transmission speed we need some more information from you to understand exactly what your usage scenario so we can diagnose the issue.  please email us at support@eggcyte.com so we can discuss (or chat with us directly via the chat widget on our website).
i am very angry. my egg becomes very hot just lying on the table. the battery is fully discharged within 3 hours. video transmission speed on my computer is 40 kb/sec. i want my money back!
hi michael: yes, we're still shipping. we'll begin sending out the next shipment next week. sorry for the delay.
hello, just checking to see if you are still shipping or if something has gone awry.  i am in eastern us and am wondering what is happening.  thank you. mike donovan
@tariod:   glad you were able to enjoy easter with your egg.    i think i know what your are referring to wrt getting through customs - and we will address that in the coming months. @all: we really appreciate everyone's honest, constructive feedback about how the make the egg the great product we know it can be.
hi eggcyte, was the timing planed so i would receive the egg to easter? if it was, you did a good job :-) well it was not easy to get it from the customs because you guys forgot something we europeans and specially here in germany needs for such devices. you now what i mean, right? so now that we all now know that the egg is not really ready for the mass market, let us work as your beta community and help you drive the development. set a forum or something else, so we can post the bugs. @all: the device is great but it still needs some love. we all now ks and how much projects never deliver or deliver something after years of delay which is not functional at all. let us work on this together with the creator.
hi dan, thanks for your comment, but we don't quite understand the "allowing backers to post....". we do not control this kickstarter board, so there is no way for us to disallow backers from posting comments here. we do, however, ask folks with detailed questions/comments to send us a note at support@eggcyte.com because we can track the request and appropriately respond to the request to conclusion. you'll see from our most recent response that this does not stop us from responding to comments on this board as well. - the egg team
part of a successful campaign is allowing backers to post their comments and engage in discussion on this board. directing all comments and criticisms to a private email address does not really achieve that.
hi kristen: sorry for the confusion. the egg pre-loads 10 items of content for demonstration purposes. the pre-loaded content includes an introductory video of the egg, a 'creative commons' cartoon, pictures of scenery (none are of people's backyards, although one has the view of a bay with a pool in the foreground) and some 'creative commons' music. you can delete all of this content. it's intent was to have the user see how things work in the event that they didn't load any of their personal content during setup. -the egg team
they said it's default content. there's just so much of it, and some of it has nothing to do with the egg. the first thing i saw was a photo that looked like someone else's back yard, so i freaked out a little and jumped the gun on posting. i don't usually do that, sorry.
or is that just default content? some of it was content about the egg, but other stuff was just regular content.
did anyone else have the problem of a bunch of other people's content downloading to their egg?
dear backers,  please direct all future questions, comments and inquiries to support@eggcyte.com.   thanks.
@tony karian oops!  thanks for pointing this out.  we'll get your other egg out to you this week.  please direct further comments to support@eggcyte.com.
hi all.  i just received one-half of my order; i had paid for two 256gb eggs but only received one.  please advise.
@paulseymour: please contact us at support@eggcyte.com so we can resolve your issue.  thanks.
@paul: please contact us at support@eggcyte.com or on our website chat so we can resolve your issue.  thanks.
@ali: sorry you're frustrated.  please contact us at support@eggcyte.com or on our website chat so we can resolve your issue.  thanks.
yes my egg is having mayjor problems. it seems like the unit won't hold a charge for over an hour... i'm not happy at all and now i'm super frustrated!
mine isn't working won't get past the wifi screen and nothing they have asked me to try has worked. i think i got a bad unit anyone else unable to connect to wifi
hi phil: you have the 0130 software version on your egg. we have since updated a number of things. if you have questions during the setup process, please ping us (chat on our website or support@eggcyte.com). we continue to take user feedback and incorporate changes into the software. for example, we changed the keyboard implementation from standard layout to phone layout so that it would be easier for users to enter characters.
just got my 128gb in san francisco.  hopefully it doesn't disappoint
hi tario: thanks for your patience. we finished programming and shipping out 128gb eggs to our kickstarter backers and are now on to programming 256gb eggs which will be shipped out shortly. we'll be doing this over the coming week.
update please. we are trusting you with a lot of patience. please keep us in the loop about any progress achieved
@lizmckeon and @ameeralmarzooqi ... thanks for your inquiries.  your eggs have not yet been shipped.  we are working hard to improve the software and will resume shipments shortly.  we really appreciate your patience (as well as everyone else's) and will let you know as soon as your eggs go out.
it's good to read that folks in australia received their eggs, but no such luck yet for me in the netherlands. reading the less positive comments leaves me worried and wondering how the eggcyte team will ensure customer satisfaction among its first most ardent backers.
hello, i wrote an email to the support team more than a week agao, in regards to still not recieving an egg yet, nor any correspondence in terms of shipping, but i had no reply. can you please advise. thank you
yay, my egg arrived in australia yesterday. some pointers to other people about to recieve their eggs: 1) the tip eggcyte mentioned of having a usb keyboard to plug into the egg to fill out your details is really more then a tip, it is near mandatory, the onscreen keyboard has keys about 4 pixels wide (not a bug, the screen is small, nothing can be done about it), good luck typing in a longish email address, or anything really. 2) be careful when you enter in the name for your egg, it will go off and validate the name to see if it is available, but it will not validate it to see if it is a valid name(?!?). for example, if i use the name "the_egg" as my egg name, in the first screen where i am asked to name my egg it will check to see if it is unused (lets assume that it is), so it now allows me to progress through setting up a login, password, connect to gmail, entering in my long gmail password, entering in my two stage authentication for gmail, my first name, my last name and so on and then at the very end of all that it suddenly pops up a message stating that only alpha numeric characters are allowed for the egg name, the '_' is not a valid character, so i need to go back through all the screens, change the egg's name and then go forward through all the screens (reentering all my gmail details again)... i invented a new swear word at that point... i haven't got past that point yet as i then failed to login in with the phone app as it insisted that my password was wrong and i had to go to work and i was concerned about my blood pressure.  :-) the device itself feels solid, although it does get very hot while on charge, so don't leave it onto of a french polished antique table or anything. and to be clear, the above issues/niggles are software related (with the possible exception of the heat) so they are all potentially solvable (like checking for invalid characters in the egg's name at the start!!) enjoy.
@dan.  makes a lot of sense.  can't tell you how many times i've been burned by unwanted updates.
more specifically, i don't even want the update to download itself without my permission. my ipad recently downloaded a 1gb update without asking, and was waiting for me to tap install. you can see how this is problematic, with limited capacities, data caps etc.
@dan.  the update will not begin unless the egg owner 'ok's it.  thanks for the feedback.
i never want automatic updates. i want to reserve the right to review the update and install at my own discretion. for all devices that i own, i disable automatic updates.
@patrickfulton please contact support@eggcyte.com or chat with us on our website www.eggcyte.com.  i'm sure we can help you resolve your issue there.  thanks.
has anyone got the app to work?i haven't been able to upload a single thing yet. so far so useless
when most brand-new complex electronics products come to market they are not perfect (look at the original android phones, or the apple watch, for example) and the egg is no exception to this. the good news is that most issues you encounter can be improved with updated software. did you know that we have the ability to automatically update the software in the egg? in order to receive the update your egg needs to be powered on, connected to wi-fi and gone through the set-up process. our commitment to you is that we will continue to provide software updates on a regular basis and perfect your egg-sperience as much as we can (after all, we can’t build a company on a bad product). in return, we ask for your patience and your honest, constructive feedback to us on the egg - what you like and what you don’t like in the coming weeks and months. please give us a chance to turn the egg into the great product that we know it will be.
hi i just got my egg and i am quite disappointed, i charged for 2 hours as recommended. immediately after i unplugged it, the battery percentage dropped to 88. another thing, i used it for 5 minutes and this thing is so hot i can't even hold it i had to use it on a table. i am very upset that i payed the 99$ to upgrade it from 64 to 128. i know it's the first of its product, but it really should have been tested more.. i rate it 1 out of 5 burning hot stars..
the egg and app are unusable! finally managed to get logged into the app after having had my egg over 24hrs and it logs me out saying session expired,i maybe get 5 seconds inside the app. the egg says 33% battery life,that lasts about 7 minutes. that's with it not even being used,i hope you guys have some major over hauling planned including something to deal with the fact that the egg gets up to about 90 degrees when it's on the charger
hi jeff:  we made the decision to get the egg to you as quickly as possible so that you could start to use it.  as a complex, first generation product we still have a number of things to fix and features to add.  we will be working diligently in the coming weeks and months to provide you with software updates that address these.  in the meanwhile, i'd like to understand from you more specifically what your issues are and how we can help.  please email us at support@eggcyte.com.
i got my egg today and let me just say i'm pretty dissapointed. for the price i would have expected a more quaility product then what i got. i won't even go into detail because i could rant for awhile but i won't because all of my fellow backers will soon see what i mean and i'm curious how others respond. i understand that this is the first generation of this product but i expected a better product, maybe my hopes were too high but i'll wait for the rest of you to comment.
when are they going to ship??? i have moved to another state...
still on track for 11/15?
hey guys, guess what... it's october, egg-delivery months :-) something to share with us?
hi tario. thanks for checking in. barry just put out an update. lots of activity and excitement as we work towards getting the egg into your hands. :-)
hey guys, guess what... it's september :-) is there maybe some news to share with us?
glad you liked the shirt, sidney and we share your eggs-uberance! :-)
received my t-shirt today.  looks great!  getting eggcyted to eggsperience the power of the egg :)
thanks, isreal. glad you liked it.
received my shirt today!  pretty cool looking. thanks
thanks for the june update.
sorry for the delay. just posted a response to your questions.
@creator okay it is of great importance you message me back asap.
congratulations on funding milestone and good luck team!
@creator the message is in reference to the order so when you have a chance please respond thanks.
hi fta, i responded to the message that you sent to us. it should have fixed it automatically when i made the change, but we will figure out how to get you the refund. we don't receive any of the funds for a few weeks per the message that we received today from kickstarter after the campaign was successfully funded. thanks for supporting us.
congrats! but i'm wondering why i've been charged 164$ while i pledged 99$ and live in france (25$ for delivery price)... as you answered in the comments in the beginning of your campaign, i should have been charged with the price for my country, not the maximum/worse price..! what's next? will i get a refund?
congrats! but i'm wondering why i've been charged 164$ while i pledged 99$ and live in france (25$ for delivery price)... as you answered in the comments in the beginning of your campaign, i should have been charged with the price for my country, not the maximum/worse price..! what's next? will i get a refund?
congrats on the funding!
looking forward to using the egg for backing up all my media. hope your success continues and grows.
good morning in australia! and thanks. couldn't have done it without you guys.
just work up here in australia, and what wonderful news to wake up too. i wasn't sure if we were going to make it. congratulations!
thanks sidney, francisco, bijan, randy (double thanks :-) ), isreal and all of you wonderful backers. it was quite a nail-biting experience, but you guys helped us through it. now on to the hard work!
congrats, team!  i'm so glad you made it :d
felicidades a todo el equipo !!! dios quiera y el "huevo" sea todo un Éxito. un abrazo para todos. felicidades carnal , tqm !!!
congratulations barry and all! i am happy to heat your project reached its goal. best wishes!
barry, thomas and team huge congrats ! on to successful production and speedy shipment !
well congratulations guys i'm sure you were wondering this morning if this project was going to make it. this project really caught my interest so have followed it and so this morning i. started another account to get my second egg to give away and put i over the 100000 so i knew i would get mine. so now i look forward to getting mine in the fall. hope to hear lots of updates over the next couple of months.
@tariod thanks for the kind words.  we're extremely thankful for all of the support we're getting and can't wait get the egg into all of your hands.
congratulations guys! i'm so excited and can't wait to get the egg. by far one of the most innovative products i've ever seen. hope you guys won't let us down and deliver.
indeed!! thanks to you, vidya and all our wonderful backers!! few more hours to go.......as kickstarter just said in their note to us...." meanwhile, there’s still time on the clock, so keep at it. onwards, and upwards!"
congratulations, we're there!!
just dropped you a message please answer asap, thanks.
thanks, gary for your support!
that makes sense of things, thank you.   i hope that  any folks that may have gotten somewhat turned-off by that point in the article(battery life can be a major factor) check back here in the comments section before close of the project!   i'm in for two eggs.
thanks for the questions, gary. tackle the battery question first. the version that popphoto.com received has a 910mah battery. the production version has a 1800mah battery. also, when connected to usb devices like the iphone, the egg charges the iphone while moving/copying the data from the iphone. therefore, the battery drains faster. the operating time specified should be better than the 12 hours that we measured using the 910mah battery. the egg hasn't been designed to be water resistant, but we have limited the number of openings. the domain will be owned by the specific user for life, unless they change it; the user can change their domain on the egg to any other name at any point in time, provided the other name is available. the old name gets put back into the "pool" of available names.
also, forgive me if i've missed it mentioned somewhere else, but would you speak to how weather resistant the egg is(or is not).   would seem that something that has a touchscreen and no speakers would have few "entry points" for water, moisture, sand, etc...  only areas for concern being how the case is built and charging port?  would be nice to at least have documented which weather-resistance testing standard it did meet.     and lastly, has it been made clear that a given web access(domain) name, like "johndoe.egcyte.com" is owned by(registered to) a specific user for life once registered?
in the article that you referenced in your most recent update, the reviewer observes that "....the battery life on my egg did seem to drain pretty quickly though, dropping from 99% to 75% in about an hour....".   he does also acknowledged that the unit he reviewed was a pre-production model, but i'm curious as to whether the advertised 12-16 hours is only theoretical?   or did the specific unit that the reviewer had exhibit behavior that is not typical of what other prototype units have consistently achieved?
5k to go!  let's do this.  one more share on your timeline!
if the egg come with a loop, i can hang it to my backpack. and a protection bag can protect the display.
come on, we need 29k in 5 days
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
did you guys attend launchfest - it's this week in sf.
wow! you guys are getting closer... keep up the good work!
today i really see the need for the egg.  sitting in a meeting needing info off laptop that i didn't bring.  with the egg would have been able to get with my phone.  now some will say if you had everything in a cloud i would have but don't want everything out there. should support this project.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
create progress, eggcyte. keep up the work!
excellent article! here's why our health information needs to be on the egg also. http://fortune.com/2015/02/05/why-health-hacks-are-worse-than-credit-card-hacks/
more data on why the web is increasingly becoming unsecure and how the big corporations are exploiting personal information. http://motherboard.vice.com/read/looking-up-symptoms-online-these-companies-are-collecting-your-data
if you have a chance, read my post about why i'm backing the egg. http://buistbabble.tumblr.com/post/111918829185/support-the-egg-eggcyte
@ creator.  thanks for the update.  it is great to know that you have working product and that you are testing them in the real world.  i really look forward to getting an egg in the near future.  this product solves real problems such as private sharing, running out of space, portability, and convenience.  please keep up the hard work.  if possible, some videos of the egg in use would be appreciated. isreal
thanks, isreal. let me follow up your note with information on where we are with the product. the product that you see in all the material on kickstarter and on our website is a fully working product. we have built a number of these and have given them out to folks to use and give us feedback on. for example, one of our trial users is my son's 5th grade teacher. he is using the egg to share sensitive and private content of the kids in his classroom with the parents of their kids. in their school, they have a policy that if any videos and photos are shared on social media, the faces of the kids need to be obscured because of the privacy concerns of social media. while the parent knows it is their child by the features that they recognize, the photo or video is less usable by the parents than if the photo or video wasn't obscured. with the egg, the teacher no longer has to do this because he shares pictures or videos of the kids only with the parents of those kids and no one else. the benefit of doing these trials is that we learn things about the product that we plan on changing/fixing before we ship the final product. for example, the current product comes with a microusb to standard usb adapter that needs to be used to plug an iphone or a camera to the egg. we have found that folks are losing this adapter and once it is lost, they cannot have the egg create space on any of their devices that don't have wifi because the usb adapter is needed for that purpose. so, in the final version, we are integrating this adapter into the product so folks don't have to worry about losing it. have thoughts/comments/suggestions. please post them here. -thomas
@all.  i noticed that there was not much movement or chatter here and asked the creator how i could help.  the response was that i could use the mentioned sources to share my story of why i am backing.  i don't see the update as a request to spam, but as a way to help other than the usual fb, tweet, etc.  also, assuming that those outlets already know about all of the thousands of projects is an assumption i would prefer not to make.  perhaps it would have been better to start the update with, "we have been asked by many what more can be done....."
hi roman: thanks for the note. this portion of the backer update was in response to some of the backers asking what they can do to help the campaign. perhaps we did a poor job wording the update, but we definitely don't want any of our backers to "spam", as you put it, any of the sites. what we will support, however, is backers (that want to) telling sites why they like our campaign and why they supported it and why the site should cover us. thanks again for the feedback. -thomas
hey guys, i do understand your interest in more coverage of your project in popular media but i don't believe that it's a very honest tactic to specifically ask your backers to spam the popular blogs/sites so they would promote your project. i mean this particular part from your latest "project update" which i just received: "we would be "egg-stra" grateful if you submit a story about us to any of the following media outlets: mashable : http://mashable.com/submit/  recode : submit story to katherine boehret : http://recode.net/tips/  engadget : http://www.engadget.com/about/tips/  gizmodo : http://gizmodo.com/5906425/the-tip-box-is-back-give-us-your-dirt  techcrunch : http://techcrunch.com/got-a-tip/" i mean, the article writers at those sites most likely already browse the kickstarter evey day and know all about most projects already. and if you need such promotion - just do it in a more honest, fair way and hire a proper, professional advertising/promotion agency.
hi jane, the domain name you registered earlier will be linked to this new pledge. thanks for pledging!
hi thomas, i've pledged on previous project and registered egg domain. wonder it would be link to my new pledged and new domain name?
i like robin color as well.
hi isreal: absolutely, yes, the egg can stream the same or different movie to two different devices at the same time without lag if the devices are connected to the hotspot on the egg. we have measured between 6 - 8 or more simultaneous devices watching content with no lag depending upon the bit rate of the high definition video that is being viewed. -thomas
hi.  yes, i was wondering if one egg could stream files to different devices at the same time.  is there a limit before lag?  for example, i'm watching one movie off the egg and friend is watching the same or different movie at the same time.  thanks for your prompt answer and sorry for my late response.
hi isreal: i'm not sure i understand your question. are you asking if "two devices can connect and stream from one egg at the same time?" if that is your question, then the answer is 'yes' and the egg can stream to these devices either over the internet or through the hotspot capability that exists on the egg. -thomas
hi, can two devices connect and stream to one egg at the same time?
no worries, dave. looking forward to your pledge. when you do pledge, we'd love for you to share it on facebook and twitter (#theegg). links are provided when you check out on kickstarter, and in the acknowledgement email that they send to you. if i may be so forward, here is some suggested language “just made a pledge for the egg on kickstarter. please check it out and consider making a pledge.”
thomas - i had a brain conniption & missed the bt 4.0 part! thought it was wifi only.  looking to store & stream music to a bt speaker. should work well! thanks for the response!!!
hi dave the egg stores music and can store any file, for that matter. we currently have it "auto-importing" videos, photos and music, but you can "copy" any file to the egg by plugging it into a pc and transferring the content. once the content is on the egg, it can stream to other devices and also has bluetooth in the event that you want to play music to a bluetooth device. it does not have a headphone jack. -thomas
this stores music, so does it have a headphone jack? or is it only made to "stream" to another device?
thanks for the question, isreal. domestic shipping varies by pledge level and will be shown when you checkout. if it wasn't shown, then it is included as part of the reward.
what will be domestic shipping?
hi tario: sorry for the confusion. $65 is worst case shipping (kickstarter gives us a choice to enter shipping rate for every country on the planet or one fixed fee). once we determine the location of the individual, we will charge shipping rate plus insurance to that location using us postal service. -thomas
65 usd for shipping?? are you shipping from oreon to earth? i'll cancel my backing if it stays so. it's absolutly not serious. just check other ks projects and you'll note that's really crazy
hi fta, $65 is the worst case shipping for international shipping since we don't know the countries in advance. once we know what the country is, the actual cost will be the cost to ship to that country.
seriously? 65$ for shipping! are you kidding me..? i really think that i will withdraw my pledge if you keep that crazy price...
