hello flexbot-team, since i got the flexbot, i have problems with it. got sended a broke frame and a main platin that is not working. motorports 3 and 6 are never working. the screw-propeller never rotate and never get any signal from the remote control. so my copter never ever fly right since 3 years. so please sent me a new board an a replacement rick that i can start my copter and have some fun with it. i am more then sad
hello flexbot-team, since i got the flexbot, i have problems with it. got sended a broke frame and a main platin that is not working. motorports 3 and 6 are never working. the screw-propeller never rotate and never get any signal from the remote control. so my copter never ever fly right since 3 years. so please sent me a new board an a replacement rick that i can start my copter and have some fun with it. i am more then sad
tiny whoop!
fly so bad.. failed copter, now chinese made copter with trademark like hubsan, jjrc, jxd are far superior.. long dead hex a copter, you are not a serious for company so everyone abandon you.. no more hex.. bad copter.. bad quad... :)
@jessica  would you mind sending your detailed issue to info@flexbot.cc? our customer service would be more than happy to help. thanks
@jared krelic   hi jared. please email to info@flexbot.cc and let us know what the problem is. we would be happy to help
this has been yet another failed campaign i've been duped into.
hi benjamin,  i never received the camera module. would you be able to access my account and check for me? thanks. please email me at goldenratiojess@yahoo.com for any personal info that might be needed.
i have the same problem as @giligainisland.  my first version hexbot nano has never been stable and has been on a shelf since the first several frustrating attempts to fly it.  i saw that there was updated firmware on github and have spent hours (unsuccessfully) trying to get the code to compile with arduino ide.  would you please send me the compiled and ready-to-upload firmware?  i'd really like to see if it solves the instability problem. thank you
i did not receive my copter yet! why? what's wrong here???
any idea where i could buy a replacement battery charger? i seemed to have misplaced mine....
i haven't received the copter yet?  any updates?
it has been a while since i got the new copter where i paid to get my current copters upgraded to the new one with a camera.  i wanted to give it to my grandson for his birthday that was this week. we assembled the new unit with a  great deal of continuing disappointment. summary of problems: the battery and camera frame and its spare were both broken. a sensor (electronic part) fell off the bottom of the main board (no idea what it is, where is goes or how to put it back) the unit connected to the app but would not connect to wifi. the camera does not work (i guess since it won’t connect to wifi) the unit was still unstable and unfly-able….. my level of disappointment is now even higher than before. i was foolish enough to buy into your suggestion to upgrade and pay even more for a unit that still is: •	is poor quality design •	is not stable enough to fly [i don't know how your team can call themselves engineers when you design something that is obviously inadequate for the application. the battery and camera frame has no hope of being strong enough and the flight software is dismally unstable.]. since i started in this campaign i purchased a $50 quad-copter off amazon which flies without much training and has features (including camera) that far exceed the hex-copter. what do you suggest? i now own 3 hex copters that are worthless.
@giligainisland we'll send the latest code via your email directly in today.:)
@demetrio if you backed us $59 in total, the wi-fi camera would not be included...
hello, i've never received the camera module!! can you please check!!?!?
i've made a report issue with the latest firmware on github. i have an arduino ide error trying to verify firmware download for compilation to upload onto the flexbot.  the error code has something to do with the 'serialgpsprint' declared void, for the hexnanomwc_hex.ino merge pull request #7 from jake-y/master. what can i do now?
flexcam part4 is still not available for download.
@blake, really sorry for getting back you late. for your rewards is special,  the checking is time-consuming work . no worries, please.we'll give you a certain answer today.
i still haven't got my copter yet and you guys told me you will check on that.  it's being a month already and no answer.  how about stop checking and give me the money back!
@heiko so sorry for your saying like that. what's the details of your problem? please send messages via kickstarter, or send emails to our official inbox info@flexbot.cc. our engineers will try their best to fix that. :)
i am really sad about how this project runs. a totally waste of money and time and there is no notable development since the project has ended neither on the firmware nor on the apps. that's of the projects on kickstarter i really could have done without. sorry to write that, but there was so much potential and hope at the beginning just to get some unfinished piece of crap at the end.
i just tried to download the latest firmware. there aren't any notes inside.  does this fix the issue people reported long time back with if it loses contact with your phone, it would just fly off never to be found again? is the update required for the camera module? i haven't tried since i got the flexbot initially... i haven't had time since the camera module came.  i was waiting for the drivers to settle down.  i'm leaving in a week on vacation and was kinda hoping to bring it with me and finally take some time to play with it.
@benjamin black: thanks for the progress, however, your "programmer" must hate me as all the camera parts are now available for download except part4. on this page: https://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot the following parts are still not available for download: -owlflexbotcap -bullflexbot -carflexbot -owlflexbotbody -octopusflexbot -mouseflexbot -flexcam part4
@j rod sorry for your trouble. our programmer have issued all stl files are available to download, please try again. thank you very much for your feedback. :)
ben=benjamin, fine, i'll use your full name! @benjamin black:  flexcam part3, flexcam part4 and flexcam part5 are not available for download on shapeways.  you will need to enable the download link function for us to be able to download it. flexcam part1 is available to download, as are some of the other parts.  for example, owlflexbotbody is not available for download. flexcam part4 is what i need right away.  mine broke as soon as i attempted to clip it onto the 'copter.
@denis p.  sorry, we indeed had closed our forum http://designmakeshare.cc for too many junk advertisements on it . the new forum is building now. if you have any problems, please contact with us by send messages on kickstarters or emails to our official inbox info@flexbot.cc. thanks.
@brendan henderson, almost stl files of the plastic parts of our drones can be downloaded on http://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot. keep us informed if it works.:）
@ j rod, ben had lefter here for a while. we couldn't understand you very well. only the plastic parts of the camera can be 3d printed, such as the holder ,the cap and the base...could you please send some photos of the parts needed to our inbox info@flexbot.cc?thanks.
ben, ben, ben, the camera parts are not available for download on shapeways!  someone needs to check the box so we can download them!  check the box!!!!
@habi sorry for the careless mistake, the correct website for downloading the stl files should be http://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot. we indeed had closed our forum  http://designmakeshare.cc for too many junk advertisements on it . the new forum is building now. and we always offer our after-sales service via our official inbox info@flexbot.cc according to the feedback from emails, messages and comments of kickstarter. thank you for your reminding to update our github. :)
come on, ben, you know the camera module stl files are not available anywhere, don't pretend they are.  consider this a "gentle" nudge to make them available sooner than later...
by the way: the wiki at http://www.flexbot.cc/wiki/ is a joke, the forum at http://designmakeshare.cc gives a 404 error, the last activity at https://github.com/hexairbot is 8 months ago. i think this project is officially dead.
@brendan. i'm *logged* into shapeways and i only get the "oops! we can't find the page you're looking for" message from the website. jasmine from your support team told me over email that i should go to http://www.shapeways.com/hexairbote, which also doesn't work. please get your act together!!
ben, i haven't received the product yet.  please contact me.  do you guys have a tracking number?
@brendan henderson so sorry for your broken parts. almost all stl files of 3d printing parts could be downloaded on http://www.shapeways.com/hexairbot. ps: you need to create an account and sign in for the download link to become visible. keep us informed if it helps. thx!
got my copter and camera module a while back. assembled the copter fine. unpacking the flexcam module and i have a broken clip that holds module to the copter. are replacements available or can i get an stl file so i can get 1 printed?
why is the site http://designmakeshare.cc down? there was a user forum and it is down. why is it down when project is still alive?
got my rewards early on, but only two of the 5 copters i got ever even flew and even then, they didn't fly for long. overall extremely dissatisfied, but at this point i figure cut my losses and stop caring
i also have received no response to my emails and messages. i have not received any of my reward yet.
hi benjamin, i sent you multiple emails with no response. can you please get back to me? have not received my quadcopter reward yet. what do i need to do?
hi benjamin, i just wanted to leave a positive comment. i did get my pledge and eventually the camera module. i never did get the camera module to fly as i had destroyed the 3-d printed hex copter body before the camera module arrive. i did have fun with it but is was really not "a copter that anyone can fly". it took a lot of practice. assembly was a pain as some things were mislabeled. i ended up putting in all the motors and then put one prop on at a time to make sure it was pushing the air down. i eventually got the hex to fly. it was not very stable but it did fly. maybe i will print a better 3-d body to play with down the road. hopefully you can get everyone else their pledges.
hi benjamin, can you please get back to me? have not received my quadcopter reward yet. sad. let's work something out to track it down.
that new update by the team posted a few days ago is really a joke. the entire project is just a con. i am really disappointed by kickstarter letting them continue and not helping the funders. don't do business with flexbot.
hello o bought two with camera, and i never received my cameras. come with new beginning. this is a joke, for sure!
hello, i never received my camera module.
same here, no camera module!
utter con! the units don't work and no wi fi module was ever received..be ashamed, be very ashamed!
i have not receive my pledged items yet. could you check my order status and let  me know?
no camera module received here either. tracking says it was "dispatched overseas" months ago. is there a customer service address somewhere?
i have not received my camera module yet, and no details or updates on that?
i still have not gotten my camera for my hex.
when i got mine in the mail, i didn't have a device with the proper bluetooth radio to talk with it, so it went into a drawer and i forgot about it. doing some cleaning i found it this afternoon! started one of the batteries on the charger, put the hex together, installed the app, and went for it. i do have rc quadcopter experience, and i am able to fly my hex pretty easily. not having physical sticks is a little weird. i started poking around and it seems like this project is stagnant, and a lot of people are mad about not getting refunds and stuff. that kind of sucks. i do wish the autopilot was better, i think all the sensors are on board to make that happen. as it is, you need to really stay on top of it, there is not a lot of "self leveling" it seems.
200$ backing 2 years ago and i have not received anything from these guys. complete ripoff.
hi guys. i checked the status page of the delivery and it says delivered, but i have never received anything yet. can you help me out please? thx
just bought another $20 quad on a deal site.  the last one i got worked perfectly the first time.  i've never been able to fly my quad.  it had some issue with the pcb according to the email i got from the creator and i was "in line" for a replacement.  that was long before they started making appearances and went to shows according to their social media sites.  i did get the camera module, and it did work.  it was fun holding onto the flexbot and running around the house while looking at the camera feed through my phone.  while making whirring noises since the dang thing didn't work.  on the plus side, since the motors didn't spin, the camera life was quite long!
the site http://designmakeshare.cc/ is in maintenance mode for 3 weeks now or more. what is going on is this project dead now?
finally i have a smart phone with bluetooth le. so when i open the app and pair the hexcopter, then nothing happens (yes, battery is plugged in and copter is making a very annoying buzzing sound). is there any basic flying how-to? i can't find it. in the upper right of app screen, what is the green icon next to the bluetooth icon? mine seems to have a red line through it. i press on the lock and unlock buttons but nothing happens (top is locked, bottom is unlocked). some basic guidance would be very helpful..
i never got my hexacopter under control. i had expected some ability to self stabilize but nothing.  very dissapointed. "... that anybody can fly" is the worst misdescription i ever heard.
received all what i backed, never turn it on.. still try to sell it locally, reading all comment regarding this it is really low quality copter with no ability to upgrade. anyone satisfy with this product?
complete con! no refund, after being offered one, and no wi fi module! should be ashamed of themselves
does anyone get the refund?  i got camera module, but i couldn't fly my hex with camera. it can't be controlled.  where can i ask to refund???
asked for a refund three times, raised a ticket on the support website. no refund no more responses to my emails, no camera delivered, they have just taken a load of people's money and run away with it.
does anyone get the refund?
you promised on kickstarter: "you can change hex's behavior by changing hex's open source code or hardware. hex is arduino compatible which makes it easy to fiddle with it." i ask several times for the source code of the flexcam app (android) and on github is still only the version without the cam support. you you please respectfull to your backer and publish the source code!
this hex copter was a pure rip off. i have 3 other copters that fly great are a fun. this one is a piece of crap. i dumped it in the trash and marked it up to a lesson learned. i hear they are going to do it again. be careful.
i have repeatedly asked for a refund and after one response nothing since. pretty poor way to treat people really.
second time post here. after i received my hexacopter last year, i installed it. i played it 1 time. then i looked at this prototype-like toy which cost me $84. the 3d printed plastics looks cheap. the chip and wires are exposed. i would say the only thing i feel sad is i should back the quadcopter option, and the only thing i feel lucky is i didn't back a higher option. and, as posted before, this would be the first and last project i back on kickstarter.
asked for a refund in october. still nothing received. asked again in december after my account was suppended on flexbot.cc. "your account has been suspended please contact your account administrator (service@flexbot.cc)" what is the status? is there anyone left from the team here?
by the way, camera doesn't work, hexcopter frame is broken, other copter doesn't work well. total waist of money! already asked for a refund multiple times.
asked for a refund on october 2nd. still nothing received. what did you have to do to get the refund, matthew sheppard?
well, i got a camera module and went to attach it... and of course the printed clips snapped off. i don't have much in the way of expectations that it will be able to lift the extra weight (or that the camera will even work), but oh well. at least a product was delivered (and not broken in transit). i've backed a lot of kickstarters and not all of them can say that.
at last!!!  refunded...  thus ends the hexbot saga..  i wish i could have tried it out, but after seeing some of the comments, i think i'll design my own ;)
asked for a refund on october the 5th - last email received was over a month ago.. guess this company is going nowhere - such a shame as there was plenty of promise for indoor drones.
so i have asked for a refund. no answer. at least send me my camera module!
hello, i still not received anything from you guys. i pledged the hex aerial photographer set. would you like to check for me? thanks!
hi, i never received my camera. tracking shows it is dispatched to the us. 21-11-2014	despatched to overseas (country code: us) tracking # rf296551780sg my address is changed. please let me know how will i update the new address.
hello. am i supposed to have received my copter and camera module yet?  if so, kindly take note that nothing has arrived yet... thanks!
after receiving the cam module finally, guess what? id doesnt work. so to update: quad copter flies irratically and will not initialize porperly, so if you apply thrust it just flies off in a random direction. the hex bot honly has 4 motors that recieve powere, even after trying a software update which failed. wifi cam received. just recently. it will not even power on.  after 2 months asking for response , i was basically told to just keep trying.  when i asked about credit they mentioned me paying the freight to send it back. first of all.... no, because then im out 200 plus the freight to send it back. second, after all of the lack of any kind of follow through from these guys, i do not trust them that if i send it back they will issue credit (then im out 200 plus freight and have nothing in hand.). i hope others get better responses from these people than i have. there should be some way to  get satisfaction out of this.
still have yet to receive my copter. i have backed 61 people on kickstarter and this is by far the worst experience i have had. it makes me not want to back anyone.
lol - i asked for a refund on october the 5th - still waiting, and waiting, and waiting - last message over 2 weeks ago was i'd get a refund asap..  yeah - which decade?
has anyone else been lied to for weeks?  i was told my copters were on their way...but i have not received anything yet.  they keep promising...but nothing shows!!  then they told me a full refund would be issued....that was four weeks ago....still nothing.  has anyone else has this issue???  i just want something to fly...or the money to purchase one from someone else.  anyone?
my camera module is still for sale and i'll deliver within the uk.  make me an offer as i can't use this as no longer have the hex.. ebay: http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
hex rather than hex3.
initial thoughts from using the camera module are that the hex3 struggles to lift the camera. the outdoor test i did got the hex3 about a foot off the ground with the camera. unfortunately it then flew sideways and ended up in a pond, so it's currently drying out before i have another go.
has anyone got any response on refund or replacement? nothing i received has worked as it should. only the quad flew (and poorly at that). the cam is worthless it wont even power on. i regret backing this project deeply. i will post in a direct message to creator also.
today i finally get the camera module from my mailbox and i've to say that the quality and ease to use is amazing, though i've have one concern: i've no sound coming from the camera module at all. i've inspected the board and the microphone is in there, connections seems ok but i've got no sound from the app neither on the recorded videos. can anyone confirm if have sound or it's disabled somehow? thank  you.
@habi the frames that flexbot produced are not that durable, the shapeways frame has proven to be much more durable and has yet to break. https://www.shapeways.com/model/1993080/newhexbody.html…
http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
camera module for sale on ebay, can post within uk.  ending in next few hours..
"natalie" promised me that i'm on the list for getting a replacement frame, since one of the two in the first package was broken on delivery and the second one was broken after some tries flying the flexbot. now i (finally) got the camera, but no frame to fly it with, since i don't have a 3d printer. will you send me the replacement or can i instantly drop the camera on the junk pile?
where is my camera?
got my camera today. plugged it in and it worked fine.  turned it all off.  came back a bit later and noe i can't get any video in the app.  the wifi connection is there, just no picture.  any thoughts?
i got mine today.  but i don't have a phone who can run it.  new tablet is coming soon.  hopefully i could test this soon.  year late.  hopefully it can be controlled better then day one (last time i tested it)
anyone still waiting on the camera module or wants another one, mine is on ebay ending soon. make me an offer as i need to offload this asap due to no longer having the hex. uk only please. http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
la la la! no camera module. no refund. no frickin reply to emails. poor
i'm still waiting to receive anything other than vague promises of delivery. respectfully, this is getting to be ridiculous.  i'm tired of being strung along an would be happy to have a refund at this point.
still waiting on camera module and replacement frame that was broke on delivery!
got my camera module today - please see david's comment about getting the camera module hooked up. the "hidden" button turns on the wifi, which allows you to access the camera. seems the camera is a bit heavy buuuuut it all flies. now to re-learn how to fly it... also, another bit of a tip for those who are upset with how the copter flies: update the flexbot firmware. it will make the copter go from "awful" to "awesome" in one easy(ish) step. follow directions here: http://www.flexbot.cc/wiki/index.php…
first flight with camera module attached. http://youtu.be/fv16zapfgjk
i was not able to get the camera to work, until reading paul hunts comment. ", first make sure you have a good battery connection. second, on the one side you will have the one small recessed button that looks like its the obvious power button. the visible one is not the power button. i really dont know yet what that one is for. there is a small post of plastic just next to it. that post of plastic presses against the second recessed button. press that piece of plastic for at least 5 seconds and that should power on the wifi unit. if there is no good contact between the plastic post and the second button, you may have to play with the position of the plastic against the board. after i realized where that button was, it worked pretty reliably." my discussion at the flexbot forum http://designmakeshare.cc/forum/received-my-camera-but-unable-to-activate-after-reading-and-instr
camera relisted. please note i will only post within the uk. http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
well my camera turned up in australia, now to wait until the weekend to try it.
i have a different connectors for the camera and the battery.  please let me know how to connect or how to make changes? a bit disappointed  http://i.imgur.com/ceksvoi.jpg
you send out emails on how to track your package.. yet you have no time to deal with all the problems!! answer my emails! answer my comments!!! refund pls! ed
for anybody who want the camera module, i have mine for sale on ebay, selling as i no longer have the hex.  any questions please message me on ebay. feel free to make me an offer - i have to offload this soon :) http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
no camera module. promise of a refund and nothing. not great
@prabhu, first make sure you have a good battery connection. second, on the one side you will have the one small recessed button that looks like its the obvious power button. the visible one is not the power button. i really dont know yet what that one is for. there is a small post of plastic just next to it. that post of plastic presses against the second recessed button. press that piece of plastic for at least 5 seconds and that should power on the wifi unit. if there is no good contact between the plastic post and the second button, you may have to play with the position of the plastic against the board. after i realized where that button was, it worked pretty reliably.
i got my camera module today, but it wouldn't power up. tried connecting to usb and i can see the lights coming up. any idea how to fix this problem of camera not powering up when started?
finally received my camera. instructions and packaging were good. easy to install. for those who are saying they dont have the 2nd battery connector on their battery, make sure you are using the higher capacity battery (500mah) and not the lower one meant for the quad (350). the 500 will have the second cable. my daughter and i flew both the quad and hex quite a bit over the summer with no breaks (i fly larger more professional quads and am pretty good about not crashing). i charged the battery and broke this out the hex with the camera. there is plenty of lift with the hex. i ran it for a couple of test runs and had no interference with the camera/wifi feed. sometime this weekend i was going to do a distance test and see what its like for distance on the wifi/camera. so far though, i like it and have had no issues.
waiting for my camera too, are them sent at least?
i have 2 motor that lost power...they run slower than the other motors, how can i get 2 motor to replace the bad ones ? tnx ido
who's in for this copter! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/torquing/zano-autonomous-intelligent-swarming-nano-drone
still waiting for my camera!
asked for a refund but so far did not receive it. :-(
i have two hex copters that can't fly.  one motor seems to supply more thrust than the others, so it immediately flips upside down instead of taking off.  not impressed so far.
also still waiting for my camera - can i please get an update?
if i never received any of my pledge hexbots, is there someone i might check status with?  thanks much.
@sunny wong: i will check that for u tomorrow.
@ido barzilay: check that for u tomorrow.
@jedidiah francis: check that for u tomorrow.
@marco metz: check that for u tomorrow！
@michael hanish: i will check that for u tomorrow.
@rob: thanks. we are trying our best to do it.
never got my camera either. how about an update on where things are at, shipping-wise???? soon, please?
i am still waiting for my camera, too!!!!!
hi, i never received my pledge. can you guys tell me what is happening?
hi did you ship all cams ? never got one... tnx
flex can has arrived but no longer have the copter! if anyone's interested is here on ebay; http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
never received anything and the funding was finished over a year ago. who do i contact about this?
i would be interested to know if there's any update for the people who already got their hexbot, but not the camera. when will you provide the camera for those users?
thanks for the video. am i right in thinking, perhaps as a few other people may also think that connecting the camera was via bluetooth rather than wifi? also how long does it take for the battery to recharge?
@calvin: we will post a video to show u how to activate ur cam
got cam module/... no shock, it will not power on. so i have a quadcopter that can barely fly, a hex copter that wont fly because only 4 of the six motors operate. a wifi cam module that will not even power on. i think i can honestly say this was the biggest waste of my money ever. i have contacted the creator previously trying to get help with the hex. i got some good instructions, then when that didn't work, he just started ignoring me. i really do not like saying this, but i believe i regret supporting this project. i have even contacted kickstarter and was basically told they would look into it.    what recourse do we have? anyone ?
disregard my previous messages. i just looked at their main page and found instructions. http://designmakeshare.cc/blog/upload-the-firmware-by-using-avrdude
does anyone have any instructions on how to update the firmware to the hexbot board? has their been firmware improvements yet?
received camera module. works perfect
will u update flexbot apps and firmwares for example with preconfigured movements or mfi controller support?
@rob: we will update that soon
@luke turner: �
@ianquest: i will check that for u. thanks for ur patience.
camera setup instructions? thanks
video of my flexbot! http://youtu.be/cqo09hbjrjo http://igg.me/at/yeahsup/x/6604045
have the hex combo sets with webcams shipped? i pledged $250 including shipping, and thanks to the camera module delays haven't received a single thing yet.
@robert wrona: checked that for u. we will send it to u soon.
@robert wrona: check that for u on monday. it is still on weekends here. thanks for ur patience.
and for the third time of asking...you promised refunds. why are they not happening?
hey,  i received a package today from this project and it was empty???  it came from singapore.  i assume it was suppose to be the missing camera module??
@rob: hi，this is chloe. we will do that on monday.
hello ben, could you please post a link to the camera set up tutorial? thanks
@johannes groote: it is on the way. we will post part of the tracking numbers on monday. thanks for ur patience.
@madhatter: we accept ur suggestion. thanks so much. we are trying to do some changes now.
no matter got camera to turn on. there's 2 buttons 1 visible then 1 hidden behind plastic pillar. i used plastic pillar to push hidden button for 5 sec and blue light started flashing :) took a while for said to show but after work works no problems
cam has arrived. will not power on anything i can do or anyone i can email ? tried twitter no response
still waiting for cam module, too...
this has been a masterclass in poor customer service. i am sure if you gave regular updates, admitted when things went wrong, and gave progress reports of the fixes, and were honest about when and how many items have shipped, then you wouldn't have 100 backers with a camera that doesn't work, and 5000 more backers continually  asking for a refund. late but regular updates is much better than late with no real info and ignoring reports of problems
@chengyen yen: will update that soon
i still not receive my hex aerial photographer set, please update the shipping progress and give me the tracking code.
@kalyana kolla: already updated
@rob: we had check every cam before we shipped it！we are very sorry ur cam doesn't work. maybe u can check the video tutorial again. if it still doesn't work，please let me know.
@denny the backer: hey，i am chloe. i have check that for u！i am sure u will get that soon. it is on the way！
its too long, please send my wifi cam for my combo package..
kalyana, thanks but i had already found and used both buttons on the camera module but neither have helped in connection/activation of the camera. still waiting on the project creators input into this and many other topics.
i hope they update the app sooon !!
@rob the second button is beside the small little button on the wifi module . there should be a small tab on tbe button (its part of the frame) .
i did find the second button on the camera module. the camera module did not actually start working until i plugged it into a power supply, then it seems to work but there seems like something is missing. perhaps it is tightened too much and the connections are making full contact so i will have to adjust it to find out over the next few days. pity hex aren't actually providing us with any support and we have to figure these things out ourselves.. 8-/
i've not gotten my wifi webcam module... updates please?
@falk polz the app has not been updated, so we cannot use our cam module just yet. i just used a pin or anything small to push the button. the working button is the one behind the plastic strip so to speak. i hope they update the app soon!!!!
could now activate the camera module and access the wlan of the flexcam module. how you get off a picture/stream from the cam and how to record within the app? (i expected to have a video overlay behind the flexbot controls to allow me flying with this?!) are there any steps available how to get this work?
@kalyana thank you very much for your investigations! now i found the buttons too. you are right, they are almost not visible and i expected the button at the larger board above, not at the small board attached. and yes, it looks like a part of the frame and not like a real button. which one is the real button? the one behind the curtain ... aehm... the plastic or the one beside? what did you use to push them without the plastic part? thanks a lot for your further explanations... ;-)
not really.
has any kind of schematic been published for the camera board?
please update the android app for the cam module!!!!!!!!!!
for the camera module there is a white tab(part of the frame)  beside the button that does not work, and behind this tab there is another button, that button works, it does work!!!! p.s just remover the white tab its much easier to push the 2nd button.
guys you need to get into action with a revised version of the flexbot firmware and help us activate our devices. there are 5 of you in the team... it cannot be that difficult? surely you guys tested every product you sent out? my camera module doesn't work........ you need to put together an installer to connect to the bot via usb...... try to do something, don't leave us in limbo after all your hard work..
asked for refund on the 5th of october - still not got it.. if they want good reviews to promote their product - your need excellent customer service to mitigate the expected issues with nearly 5000 orders. no such luck..  make me an offer, and i'll sort out the issues - customer service is easy.. lol
wow... i assembled now but figured out some problems with it. i got 2 frames delivered a blue and a yellow one. the blue was a little bit pre-assembled, but it is so brittle that i got almost every holder for the motor was broken a little bit. the 5th then broke of completely. so i started over again with the yellow one which is much more flexible and less brittle than the blue one. with this i could assemble it. but now i have a yellow frame, a blue battery holder (no, there was no yellow one delivered) and a white camera frame.  now the second thread come in. powering up worked great for the main board (blue and red lights) but nothing happened for the camera board. in the manual they say you have to press a power button 2s. but where is this? there is no button at all at the camera board. does anyone already figured out, how to turn on the camera board? thank you very much for your help in advance.
wifi camera module arrived today but unfortunately i don't have the hex! for any uk backers who may be interested, here it is on ebay; http://pages.ebay.com/link/…. feel free to make me an offer!
i know it's too late, but i reportrd to kickstarter. it's pretty short on satisfaction, but what else to do?
asked for refund because i have no 3d printer and the frame broke as soon as i touched it. second one broke during 15 second first flight. can't fly it, can't get camera to work. they agreed to partial refund (not for camera module) but they won't answer me now and still no refund. first backing i've felt legitimately taken advantage by.
got my flexbot yesterday with a nice packaging and camera module. now i have to build them together and check if i need to exchange the firmware or if the newest one is already installed. so far it looks great, now i hope its fly well too.. ;-)
give me the camera module or give me my money back!!! how can you not posting anything.
asked for a refund more than a month ago. still nothing.
i requested a refund twice since we have not had anything through since backing this, no copters or camera. not even a reply to confirm a refund can be made? disappointing in such poor comms again :/ refund please and confirm a message thank you
i asked about my still not received camera module on 9/26 and got a response on 9/27. this is what i got: awfully sorry for the long delay and late response. we worked out the camera moddule not long ago (as you can see in our updates) and have started the shipping. we started shipping in batches and we will ship  a few more batches next week.   you will receive your camera soon. once your items are delivered, an email regarding the tracking number and some relevant information will be sent to you automatically. keep us informed if there are any problems. we are more than glad to help  best regards flexbot i sent two more emails on 10/26 and 11/7. no replies. i am beginning to wonder if i will ever see it.
should i have an email about the camera? this is a bit crazy the lack of updates.
where is my camera module.. why not make good quality gadget, your business will always have our support. make bad quality, we gonna get out..
hey guys, there is no need to wait for the cam cause this module is a piece of.... it worked (with a beta app for android) just a few minutes. after that the cam just showed fragmented pictures and it still do... i would say: please send me a new camera module but i know it is desparate... at the end: this is the third campaign i backed whichs isn't working as promised - at the moment i received four products :-((((
hi, i would like a refund. because i'm not happy of my flexbot and i don't receive my camera module... thanks in advance
geez guys... i thought this of all projects would be ok, but it's not... the hexpod has 3d printing flaws...the motor nestles need to be a bit thicker/more reinforcement.. but the real kicker for the hexpod... with the camera mount... firstly.. the screw heads holding the camera mount together obstructed by the motor connectors so basically it cannot be mounted at all... second, because of the first issue the two clip arms that hold the camera module onto the main body are too fragile and broke.... why did you not do proper testing to allow for tolerances? how long did you prototype for!? or did you send me the crappy one out of spite? i gave you guys $160 and you sent me a crappy untested device that i cannot use now... thus is why my kickstarter profile says what it says because of shonky project creator spreading false promises...
@craig baker - i agree. this is stupid.
i ordered the camera. asked for a refund which was promised and nothing has been given. mine never flew straight and is a nice piece of plastic in a drawer now. not great.
ditto - got my hex, still waiting for the camera module.  please - update!
i would be interested to know if there's any update for the people who already got their hexbot, but not the camera. when will you provide the camera for those users?
hello! i have many troubles with my  bot awful quality of the press of plastic forms 1) cam module plastic frame is broken. 2) cam module did not work. i connect it  to accumulator, press button, and did not see any green light and finally   !!!!one of hexcopter  accumulators blew up and lit up during charging!!!!
i have requested a refund. will i be getting one as you promised?
hmmm. got camera addon today. doesn't power on, so can't really test it.
i would like to receive a refund as i have not received the camera and have yet to receive any communication as to when that might happen.
i just received my tracking notification for my flexbot with wifi webcam.  it took 12 months past the estimated delivery but will be glad to finally touch it.  although i can't say i'm very hopeful that i'm going to enjoy it will all these bad reviews.  to bad because i was looking forward to this project when i first came across it last year.
@frederico if you're really planning  to throw it away: send it to me instead. mine was lost after dragged away on a windy day and i am still waiting for a replacement. you can contact me via hex.3.lab@spamgourmet.com. btw: is there no way to contact a fellow backer via kickstarter?
as requested i have emailed you requesting a refund, as i'm not happy. it is a terrible terrible product.. why are you not responding to my emails!>?>?>>>>
haven't touched my hexcopter in months... found it in a drawer today. thought of giving it another try. updated software. but what a waist of time. still the same poor and bad flight performance as before. this kickstarter is/was a real fraud. they over promised and under delivered. time to throw this thing away and forget about it. does kickstarter know how poorly this project is being handled? anyway, the only thing i can recommend is to not buy from these hexcopter guys at all.
hi, can you please provide an update regarding the camera modules? thank you
same as with matthew sheppard: so far no hex hexacopter, no refund, no answers. they say it was shipped, i never received it, never got notice from any postal service or customs. money gone, no hex no refund so far.
can i get an update on receiving the camera module for backers who already received their hex..???
hex arrived, broke shell in first flight, had a spare, same thing broke the holder of one of the rotors. but i was flying it in doors on with marble floors, so it is not recommended. having a good laugh though, no outdoor flights at the moment as it is wet. tried the quad, it has lasted a few flights now and not broken yet, the frame seems to be more robust for indoor flights. got the camera module powered, downloaded the beta app for my s4 on android 4.4 the camera takes pictures, but the video does not seem to record to anywhere. no file stored? will wait for the official release. i think it is still not matured but getting there, so went on shapeways.com and ordered some new hex shells made of nylon, apparently they will be more robust! please continue to fine tune and finish the product. thanks.
are they shipping the camera modules to those who already got their hex?  since it's been sooo long, are they notifying people before sending?
just got mine. shell quality was very, very poor (due to the 3d printing process, i guess), and broke off after 3 (three) minutes on the first flight. camera module wasn't working, and its legs broke off as well. disappointing (and expensive) experience.
guess what..  3 weeks after requesting a refund - no hex, no replies and you guessed it - no refund!!!
can you please post a link in the updates to the iphone app for flying the hex?
my pair finally arrived. i'm going to assemble them and hopefully fly them this weekend. i can't wait to try them out!
i have received no shipping details, no replies to emails, this is quite frustrating, especially when, other people i know have received their flexbot weeks ago. whats going on?!
no hex, no camera & no reply!!!  i asked for a refund on the 5th october - still not got it....
i finally got an update from the usps saying it arrived in state. i should have it in the next day or two. i can't wait to play with it!
just arrived today, hexacopter + webcam + quadcopter. first impression... impressive packaging, look pro and ready to put in store. remains to be tested.
finally received the camera module today and while attempting to put it on the hex frame, the 2 legs that hold it onto the frame broke off! seriously??? i barely put any force on them. has anyone else had this issue?
never mind, i figured it out... the button to turn on the cam isn't the little button, but rather the white 3d printed nub that's beside it...
can we please get an update on the camera module shipping?  how far down the list have you gotten since your shipping announcement a month ago?  25%, 50%?
hello flexbot,  i know it has nothing to do with hex. but i created a crowdfunding campaign. not on kickstarter, because italy is not among the countries enabled. i was inspired by you. https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/yeah-sup-the-low-cost-stand-up-paddle-board/x/6604045 thanks flexbot! it is not easy to fly hex aerial photographe, it takes practice.
i must be missing something about the camera module but i can't seem to get it to work. the battery is fine since when  connect it to the frame, the lights go on but i still can't turn the camera on or get it to show up as a router so that i can connect to it. is there a way i can check to see if it is working or if i have a faulty one?
there are wonders, i can tell you: yesterday i received my copter here in berlin, germany. with a year delay but with a camera module (which i don't understand to stream pics or vids) the cam is working - means it delivers a basic web frontend once the module is on but i don't have a clue how to see videos... but anyway, the hex is flying (i updated the firmware caus of endless rotating propellars and the never ending tone), i trimmed the copter and whooosh it started. maybe one can help to access the camera and everything will be fine....
i have emailed twice regarding a refund! but no response.., is there a reason for this?? this product has been majorly oversold! very weak product! ed
@chinna: thanks! if/when i replace the frame, i'll need to try that. where are the app controls documented? i didn't find any info on what headfree, acc and beginner mode are nor how to do calibration, trim, etc. speaking of calibration, i just now learned that i needed to have the coptor on a flat surface before plugging in the battery. it was mentioned in step 8 of the setup instructions, but without an explanation for _why_ i just figured this was along the lines of instructions telling you to put your cup on a flat surface before pouring in a drink. i plugged mine in while it was sitting on carpet, which probably wasn't terribly flat. i wonder if some of the difficulty i had flying the device was because it wasn't able to properly calibrate. ok, let's say i decide to ask my coworker if he'll print another frame for me. any good alternative frames or should i just print up another standard hex?
@ray r. you can turn the hex copter in flight if you have beginner mode disabled in the settings...
has anyone got a refund? i requested mine but no answer yet
i have mixed feelings on whether or not to ask for a refund. on the one hand, this was kind of an experimental project to make an "open source" 3d printed coptor. while the final product didn't live up to my expectations, we learn from our mistakes and i don't like discouraging people from trying things. kickstarter is how the little guys can afford to try something new. on the other hand, they promised too much and set my expectations too high, leading to the disappointment and resentment i feel now. i got to fly it around for maybe 10 minutes before the brittle frame snapped in two. i have a coworker with a 3d printer and his desk is littered with little toys he prints out. this was the perfect project for him. he'd just print a new frame and try again (and i may ask him to print one for me -- or one of the other improved frames others have created thanks to the open source nature of the project). the app needs a lot of improvement. it's hard to control the coptor and the motions are annoying jerky. if the frames are going to break on all but the softest landings, it should be a whole lot easier to make a soft landing. so do i let them keep my money in the hopes they use it to improve the product, or ask for a refund and consider backing it the mistake i need to learn from?
i got my flexbot and camera module today, but i miss the camera mount part. lets try to fly the bot - but - no the qr code link on the instructions brings only a 404 page and at the google play store only an error poped up. i am so satisfied! i think, i will order this http://tinyurl.com/m7q3zxe and i can pick it up tomorrrow and not next year.
http://valleywag.gawker.com/it-just-got-easier-to-sue-failed-kickstarter-campaigns-1637720027 creator benjamin black on september 25  ... if any backer wants a refund, they can just send us an email or message and we'll take care of it. its going to be a lot easier than disputing with the credit card company. creator benjamin black on september 18  "...those backers asking for a refund in the comments, if you are still certain you want a refund, please confirm by sending a private message on kickstarter or to info@flexbot.cc."
still didn't get my camera module.......
how and who do we message regards to refunds? enough is enough
i am not exactly happy with this campaign but they did refund me my entire pledge as i requested.
my flexbot + camera showed up today and i took it out for a spin. the controls were impressively jumpy. it would hover for a second, lean to one side, suddenly take off and then crash back to the ground without me moving my fingers more than a few mm. i decided to take it up a bit higher to practice controlling direction. this was actually kind of fun, but sadly it will have to be the highlight for this frame as the landing was less than controlled and it broke. the camera was kind of neat and worked without a hitch. the on/off "button" is more like a piece of plastic you bend than an actual button. the video gets very noisy when the motors are running. by the way, is there supposed to be a way to turn? if so, what's the trick? if not, what's the point of the camera if you can't aim it? for all the "cool" factor of 3d printing a copter, i kind of feel that the material was a design mistake. it's a bit too brittle.
http://www.hobbygaga.com/fr-cheerson-cx-30w-6-axes-gyro-mini-rc-quadcopter-avec-cam%c3%a9ra-wifi-rtf-2-4ghz-p268280.htm i'd like to get reimbursed asap, thanks you
i have sent a private message requesting a refund. very, very disappointed.
i received my camera and flexbot. there is an "on" switch in the directions for the camera unit, but there is no switch. it will not pair. all of this is mute anyway, as the frame section which holds the motors could not take insertion of said motors without breaking. slide down, it said. crack, it went. so, i had another frame in there so i tried that one. the second one didn't break. it was a still day, and even though i couldn't get the camera unit paired, i took it outside without it to give it a little test drive. the app found the flexbot just fine. left "button" for vertical and right for direction, i figured. i was right. a slight touch on the left button and the flexbot flew to the treetops, shut down, and fell lifelessly in my neighbor's concrete driveway. it did not fair well. "kid-friendly," the kickstarter site said. "easy to fly," was tossed around in there somewhere as well. i'd have to say that this is the worst funding decision i've made so far on kickstarter.
i have emailed to ask for a refund as per creator benjamin black on september 25 ... if any backer wants a refund, they can just send us an email or message and we'll take care of it. its going to be a lot easier than disputing with the credit card company. creator benjamin black on september 18 "...those backers asking for a refund in the comments, if you are still certain you want a refund, please confirm by sending a private message on kickstarter or to info@flexbot.cc." my friend has done the same, they are not responding to any emails, and ignoring any refund requests.
having received neither drone nor camera, i am also ready to give up and request a refund.  anyone tried that yet?
hello group, is there any word on when backers who sponsored the copter +camera will be taking delivery? thankyou
where is my camera? did someone get the track code??? or do i have to request a refund? please someone tell me what is going on here?
is there any plan (ha!) to send cameras out to backers who previously received the copters?  i know i'm further tempting fate by even posting this, but i like to throw caution to the wind.
my camera arrived non working (no switch on its board) after communicating, they pretending i was talking about the flight board, then ignored me. will be asking for a full refund. :-(
i am seriously considering requesting a refund.  aside from the camera issues, i had issued with my hex (which is for the cam) and cannot get it to work. the instructions given to fix the issue did not work.  i emailed again asking for assistance. i simply got no response. maybe after things get going they will have a support site for programming issues.i just hope i get the camera some time. at least then i will have gotten what i paid for , working or not. to be honest if i have to send it all back, i probably wont request the refund. though in the spirit of good relations, the company should compensate its backers additionally for all the issues we have worked with.  (think about it)
ok, my family got this for my birthday last year... still waiting. i hear some of the video versions are being sent out.  i got my base copter when the others were sent out... but any updates on the video module? i see a lot asking for their money back, i'm not... just want to know timing.  (btw, i'm suprised, i didn't think you could refund payments for a kickstarter.   i thought the payments were considered a donation to the project, with a prize... but not a prepurchase...)
here is what i've learned from others concerning credit card charge backs.  step 1 - contact the creator via kickstarter and request a refund. (they will refuse or ignore you.)  step 2 - contact amazon payments via your amazon user account and request a refund for that transaction, which should be dated on or about august 21, 2013. (amazon will also refuse to refund.)  step 3 - call your credit card company (or the bank for your debit card if you used one) and file a transaction dispute, requesting a refund. call them, don't try to negotiate it via online.  the reason for the refund request:  "pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of xxx, 201x" depending on your pledge level.  the card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from the creator first and then from amazon before filing with the card company or bank- forward the online request as back-up.  !!!***make sure your card company or bank representative understands that the payment was taken by amazon on behalf of kickstarter and creator. the refund request is filed against amazon payments.  !!!***the basis of your dispute is non-delivery of goods for a pre-order (delivery based upon your pledge).
@ benjamin black, @creator please follow through on your refunds.  here's a quote from hex: creator benjamin black on september 25 ... if any backer wants a refund, they can just send us an email or message and we'll take care of it. its going to be a lot easier than disputing with the credit card company. creator benjamin black on september 18  "...those backers asking for a refund in the comments, if you are still certain you want a refund, please confirm by sending a private message on kickstarter or to info@flexbot.cc." i hope everyone who desires a refund gets one.  i had to make a big stink.  i also posted the credit card charge back method that has worked for others.  i also suggest hash-tagging negative tweets so that word gets out about how many of the backers are being mistreated.
i emailed them last week.. no response! cowboys out of there depth.
i'm just getting the run around with my refund. you would think it was the least they could do after so many failed promises
creator benjamin black on september 18  "...those backers asking for a refund in the comments, if you are still certain you want a refund, please confirm by sending a private message on kickstarter or to info@flexbot.cc."
hi, i would like to get a refund too, please advise. thanks.
how do i send back and get a refund pls..?
my kit arrived! what a load of rubbish, so disappointed in the product, mine has already snapped twice due to it been so fragile.. utter rubbish!
they have been very grateful of our comments and advice. just a shame they havnt  listened the whole time we have been offering them. oh well
@craig baker the creator's comment copied : creator benjamin black on september 18 everyone, the camera modules are already shipping. one small batch went out last week, another larger batch (about 140 copters + camera modules, will ship from shenzhen tomorrow. another batch (about 180 copters+ camera modules) will ship sunday. since we are handling the packing of the camera modules ourselves, and we are a small company, the shipping process is slow, i realize that. but all backers will receive what was promised to them. those backers asking for a refund in the comments, if you are still certain you want a refund, please confirm by sending a private message on kickstarter or to info@flexbot.cc.
how do i apply for a refund? very disapointed.
this was flexbot's response to the email "mis-communication".  it was not my intent to get anyone into trouble, however i doubt that alyssa wang- one of the main founders- was really ever "severely punished". @tom mayor- it took some follow-up for my refund to happen (12 total emails), but according to the email below and the statement made by the creator- all request for refunds will be honored. hi ian       i am the supervisor of customer service for flexbot. i've heard the whole thing and have read your comments on kickstarter. first of all, sorry for all the inconvenience for you. i shall apologize to you on behalf of our after-sale personnels who have serviced you. you've asked for a refund many times but our support team members failed to meet your requirement, which is definitely our fault. again, awfully for that.      secondly, these two members of our support team have been severely punished, for their inattentive attitude. besides, all the after-sale personnels have been warned in case that they fail to fulfill their responsibilities. sorry for this bad experience on kickstarter.      finally, thanks for your precious advice. also, your support and patience for the past several months are greatly appreciated. thanks  best regards juliet flexbot
hello, should i ask a refund too or will the kit arrive soon? i'd like to know exactly when it will be shipped to me. you know that we can get a very decent quad for less than 200$ nowadays regards
ian,  that email actually came from a team member who was handling the communication on kickstarter.  her intention wasn't to deny a refund, but simply to explain our situation. but i can see how the response could have been interpreted as a refusal.  so for that i apologize.
had exactly the same emails by the sound of it. then for some reason they agreed to it but didn't act on it until i followed up. oh well. iv got it now and don't have to look at this message board again. which makes me happy!
@benjamin black the idea that you were refusing my refund came from your email: 7:40 pm (9 hours ago) hi ian  awfully sorry for the long delay and late response. we worked out the camera moddule not long ago (as you can see in our updates) and have started the shipping. you will receive your copter set together with the camera soon. once your items are delivered, an email regarding the tracking number and some relevant information will be sent to you automatically.we just want you guys to receive something that is good, functionable and satisfactory, not something finished in a hurry. there is no such a say as "perfect" but we want it better. to achieve that, we never stop trying. again, sorry for the long delay. thanks for your support and patience in the past one year. best regards  flexbot this was after a string of emails that came from your team stating that a full refund was offered.  so you can see, with your communication record, i was angry and was preparing for yet another delay and upset.
ian, your refund was just issued via paypal.  not sure where you are getting the idea that we are refusing to provide refunds.  if any backer wants a refund, they can just send us an email or message and we'll take care of it.  its going to be a lot easier than disputing with the credit card company.
here is what i've learned from others concerning credit card charge backs.  step 1 - contact the creator via kickstarter and request a refund. (they will refuse or ignore you.)  step 2 - contact amazon payments via your amazon user account and request a refund for that transaction, which should be dated on or about august 21, 2013. (amazon will also refuse to refund.)  step 3 - call your credit card company (or the bank for your debit card if you used one) and file a transaction dispute, requesting a refund. call them, don't try to negotiate it via online.  the reason for the refund request:  "pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of xxx, 201x" depending on your pledge level.  the card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from the creator first and then from amazon before filing with the card company or bank- forward the online request as back-up. !!!***make sure your card company or bank representative understands that the payment was taken by amazon on behalf of kickstarter and creator. the refund request is filed against amazon payments.  !!!***the basis of your dispute is non-delivery of goods for a pre-order (delivery based upon your pledge).
@creator- holding you to it: benjamin black says: hi ian  got it. refund you soon. br  flexbot
@creator i just received this from your staff.  please refund me immediately. alyssa wang 9:13 pm (3 minutes ago) to me  hi,  sorry for late reply. i had sent notice to my colleague to refund you just now. ------------------ regards, flexbot team flexbot.cc twitter @hexairbot
@creator your staff even stated any paypal fees would be paid by hex/flexbot: ian r sep 23 (1 day ago) to alyssa  will you be paying paypal fees? alyssa wang 9:30 pm (23 hours ago) to me  if there will be, we will pay. ------------------ regards, flexbot team flexbot.cc twitter @hexairbot i have sent the full correspondence to kickstarter in the form of a trouble ticket.
@benjamin black please keep the word of your staff/team.  i was offered a refund in full last night from alyssa wang - full refund via paypal.  please refund me immediately. here's the email i received last night: alyssa wang  sep 23 (1 day ago) to me  sorry to hear that but we understand. it's our fault to keep you waiting so long.  please send us your paypal account and we will refund you asap.  if you still interested in flexbot, we will offer discount for backer like you.  thanks again for your support! ------------------  regards,  flexbot team flexbot.cc  twitter @hexairbot
ian your best emailing the info email address they posted. they don't check this at all
i would like a full refund. i pledged at the $159 level and have received nothing. please contact me at once to resolve.
i pledged $159 last year; no copter or camera till date. please look into refunding my money.
i received a shipping notification today for my hexbot+camera.  looking forward to receiving it.
so i requested a refund as per the last message on here. then get told i have to wait while a colleague looks at the info. don't really know what that means but i wouldn't of expected it to go smoothly.
i ordered a hexabot and camera, got my hexabot a while ago, when do i get the camera?
so when do will i received my product ? i changed my adress, is it still possible to change the delivery adress ? thanks
so the camera issues have been fixed? how did the issue get fixed? can we see some new footage in action? can we see the app being used with the camera view? has mine been sent? can i get a tracking #? when will you respond to me about my defective board to get replaced with a working one? thank you.
everyone,  the camera modules are already shipping.  one small batch went out last week, another larger batch (about 140 copters + camera modules, will ship from shenzhen tomorrow.  another batch (about 180 copters+ camera modules) will ship sunday.  since we are handling the packing of the camera modules ourselves, and we are a small company, the shipping process is slow, i realize that.  but all backers will receive what was promised to them.  those backers asking for a refund in the comments, if you are still certain you want a refund, please confirm by sending a private message on kickstarter or to info@flexbot.cc.
have not received my hex aerial photographer set!  please provide a status update.
thank you hex  for the track code. i'm sorry that people do not understand how difficult it is to manage a project of this size. this is an experimental project done by young boys. that's why i supported, i also want to launch a campaign to fund my project "stand up paddle low cost" and i know how hard it is. your project is very complex, both for the design, construction and assembly. everyone is good to criticize the work of others standing on the couch. good work hex team
the hex team logged in again today but for some unknown reason don't think they should comment on their project !
please tell me what's going on here and where's my camera?
i would like a refund at least for the camera portion!!!
just get me the camera. i guess i will just suck up that my hex will not fly. it had issues that i got instructions how to fix that did not work. i will use th parts for something else. send the camera, i want to be done with this.
not that it will help, but i logged a support ticket on these guys. this is dismal. i have had tech issues i tried to resolve & got no answers that are of any use. this is just unacceptable
the hex team have logged in today but have chosen to ignore the comments of their backers. these seems to be commen practice for ks projects these days. i am done with ks as they always side with the creator.
i would like a refund too. i thought backers were meant to feel the were involved, i certainly have not felt this way at any stage in the progress of the product.
times up benjamin black - please issue a refund asap.  complete lack of respect shown to your backers, no communication, no delivery - utter failure all round. only way you can save face now is by refunding money.....
a year on and nothing to show for it.
did anyone attend the web meeting?
has my camera shipped? will i ever get support on my defective received board?
i regret backing this project.  after nearly a year of excuses, with nothing to show for my pledge, i have lost all interest.  please refund my money.
@creator  what happened at the meeting? update please.  like many, i was not able to attend because the meeting was scheduled during work hours in los angeles.  the meeting was over a week ago and this is the sixth request from me- 4 here and 2 in the last update.  will you be providing the backers with a report? or will you be leaving us in the dark? i realize this is not a backer's job, but can any of the backers who was able to attend please give us some bullet points of what occurred?  thank you in advance.
@benjamin, ever since the first bacth of copters were sent, there has been little to no support from the creators. your backers need to be kept informed in timely manner about any new developments. i for one am disappointed in the current software. this was supposed to be a copter that "anyone can fly" and i was hoping with time we might get to that point with firmware updates, but as time passes my optimism is slowly diminishing.
@creator what happened at the meeting? update please.
@creator what happened at the meeting? update please.
what happened at the meeting? update please.
i regret backing this project.  after nearly a year of excuses, with nothing to show for my pledge, i have lost all interest.  please refund my money.
@creator- ship the copters and work on the camera module till it's fixed. don't send us the bad batch you received. please update us on the meeting.
@chinna rao and @brent sagnotti- thx for the 3doodler link.  purchased that puppy on ks and the kids love it.  i love it even more since i will probably be repairing /rebuilding frames for my hex/flexbot.  i backed at $159 level- i have yet to receive mine... sounds like there are major bad batch issues with camera. @creator, you get what you pay for, no matter where it's made.
look at this flexbot. frame looks a little stronger than oem parts. http://3dprint.com/12158/3doodler-3d-printed-drone/
i am sick of waiting for my wifi module. i received the hexcopter and have flown it a few times. i am not impressed. thankfully i have an ipad gen4 else i couldn't fly it at all, based on the bluetooth issues users have.  i recently bought an estes proto-x and for $35 including a transmitter, it flies circles around the hex. i am not the world's best pilot but i am far from a beginner so i feel i can make the following statement. the hex is a poorly executed project and the designers are a sub-par engineering team. i will never back another kickstarter project.
no matter how what?! haha. brilliant note. will try this at some point but still not holding my breath
they posted a new firmware "‪#‎firmware‬ update! version 1.1.2: achieve a stable flight after the first time you unlock, no matter how https://t.co/z2tr1jyeo8 ‪#‎github‬"
@goncalo: have you updated the correct firmware for both the hex and quad? if yes then you must be doing something wrong its rare that all your motors are busted.. so it must be something that you are doing wrong i believe that you have not pressed the unlock button(in the controller app) after pairing your copters...only then will the motors spin
simply amazing http://3dprint.com/12158/3doodler-3d-printed-drone/ thanks to kai for the post keep up with others at  1.https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/107364751192727757284 2.https://www.facebook.com/flexbotnanocopter…
hi! after i updated the firmware on both hex and quad copters, when i connect the battery to the board, the propelers won't start!  anyone with the same problem? how can i fix this? thanks in advance
hi, i ordered one with camera module, is it possible to send it asap and camera when is it ready? sorry but it is really annoying when i spend 160$ and product was said to be 5 months ago (first version when i pledge).
looks like some sort of cost cutting process in the mass production has resulted in a massive batch being kind of useless.
anyone else having trouble updating the firmware? arduino refuses to verify the code no matter how many ways i try it. seems a little ridiculous that i have to use a usb port to update it when bluetooth should work fine... anyhoo would really like a solution to the arduino issues so i can get back to flying!
so.. how about the camera module?
i was promised a replacement frame after one of the ones they sent was broken. not got that and it was supposed to be months ago. there main advice was to print my own. at my own cost. i'll decide when i do that. but for now i'm owed a replant frame and the camera module. if it doesn't come i'm not bothered as i'm sure it will break or not work anyway and rely on one of the clever backers to release a better version of firmware or something. oh well....
i've sent an email to kickstarter regarding this project.  out of the 23 projects that i've backed, and several of them being bad experiences, this is the first time that i've done this. i don't want to wait anymore for something that's probably going to break after i take it out of the box; if i ever do get it.   i just want a refund at this point. i urge everyone here who has not received their reward to contact kickstarter and urge them to intervene.
i now have 2 copters which no one can fly and still waiting for the camera module. this is a complete rip-off. what a waste of money. i was better off folding a paper plane of a 200 euro bill, at least that would fly better. --> i want my money back
i am one of those who voluntarily accepted a late arrival of this flying object as long it is flying and in knowledge that things need time to develop. but now patience is nearly gone. do not understand why it takes so long to bring the camera version copters on the way. and no communication. annoying.
waste of money, loss of time, loss of confidence. do not fly, i was hoping for a small simple easy flying drone. maintenance-free, elaboration, etc.. broke down and shorted the the motor, the new has not rotating.  it was never really fly ... definitely not simple ... for me .... the end.  very dissatisfied.
same here: no copter, no camera, no money... nothing :(
no copter, no camera, no money... nothing :(
where, oh where is my camera module. you guys need to communicate! i'm used to hardware projects being delivered late. i'm actually late delivering one now! it is notoriously difficult to solve hardware problems to a time line. keep your backers informed, even if that means you are saying it will be delayed again. please. good luck and good speed, i'm really keen to get that camera module on there.
it's been more than 2 weeks where is my  wi-fi webcam module??
do you all really hope to receive the copter...? in economics you call it sunken costs.... or in german: lehrgeld - learning the hard way.
not that i'm still waiting for my full kit supposed to be delivered in dec 2013...... (pledge $199 or more hex combo set! receive one hexacopter set with aerial photographer shell and wifi webcam module plus one basic quadcopter set. each copter comes with spare propellers and spare motors. estimated delivery: dec 2013 add $15 usd to ship outside the us)
eargerly waiting for the next update with current wifi camera module batch status and estimated delivery dates for backers (as i) who chose to receive the whole lot once the camera module is ready...
this is not real ... i want my money back.... no camera .. this ist not acceptable. everyone can fly ---> that´s a lie... --> i want my money back
hi everyone, just a short update. we experienced a minor issue with one of the wifi cam batches and so wanted to confirm there were no issues with the others. we are about to begin shipping out sets that include the wifi cam within the near future, hopefully within the month. look out for a more comprehensive update within the next week or two.
got my bots. quad works ok hard as hell to fly. only 4 motors work on hex. got instructions to update the hex software. all instructions failed.  asked for further help.....no responses after multiple tries. so i have a quad that crashes more than it flies, a hex that doesnt, no cam module.    i am almost wishing i had not backed this project.
i agree with what he says gururaja sr ... i await news ..
hello, i backed the project on kickstarter in october, 2013 by pledging $214 (including shipping) towards a hex combo set. i opted to receive the copter and camera module together, but have not received anything yet - not even information regarding the timeline. i request the developers to be kind enough to let me know the status of my set and hold true to their promise/end of the bargain. sincerely, gururaja s. r.
iv realised i could never use this for aerial shots anyway. recently borrowed a parrot ar drone and it was an absolute pleasure. compensated for the wind and everything. this hex would literally just blow away in the wind and any photos would be unlikely. it's to small and light. not to mention it can't maintain level altitude due to the limitations of the components used. as in a 'hover' on the hex fluctuates approx 1meter up and down.
where is my hex with cam? who can tell me? when can i receive my hex?
may i politely ask for a project update. another month has passed.
i hope that these guys are still alive. it's nearly a year since we joined their kickstarter campain and i am still waiting for my hex with cam.
stop the presses!  i actually got a response from benjamin black.  it wasn't much of one, but it basically said that they bought more parts and they will start shipping again soon.  guess these guys are still alive.
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/investigation-school-project-automate-a-bedroom/x/8160770
i started a school project campaign about smart home, i know that this is not the site to share it but i need to spread it the more i can, so please, take a look and share https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/investigation-school-project-automate-a-bedroom/x/8160770
camera? + replacement board? where is your customer support?
i'm still waiting for my hex and camera ...  there is still a lot? thank you very much
@bo, scroll down a bit, it seems they flashed the hex with the quad firmware.  you have to reflash it.
still no response - no hex, no camera, no response..  how many are still waiting for your hex??
it does not work well, 4 motors version always fly to one direction. it seem 2 motors is not rolling in the same speed as another 2 motors. 6 motors version only 4 motors get power to rolling and remained 2 motors never work.
hi, same story -- i've not gotten my copter. my tracking link was sent, but the singapore post page just says "details received". contacted twice, no reply. getting frustrated, please hire someone to handle communications?
@insomnia i guess i got lucky, i agree the campaign has been poorly run. i still have not got my camera module. it supposed to be ready soon.
@david, you must have kissed his ass then cuz i've sent 2 messages and got 0 replies.  i don't know how anyone would think it's an acceptable practice to run a project this way.  pretend like everything is great while you ignore your backers.  if i treated my investors that way i'd be defunded.
hi, just wanted to let people know that over at the forum they are pretty good at answering questions you ask. http://designmakeshare.cc/forum i also contacted benjamin black using the contact me and he did write back.
hi benjamin, i'm still waiting for my copter. could it have been lost in the mail? thanks, yoni lavi (previously yalovitsky)
long time not  follow up. did anyone receive the hex aerial photographer set?
still waiting for my hex - nothing yet
@fredric Åkerman - you got your camera module? @benblack - how long will we have to wait. i haven't put my hexa-copter together because i didn't want to destroy it before the cam came with it! please at least response.. the firmware-update brings a lot of stability!
i am still waiting for my camera module. would it be possible to refund me this portion of my purchase?  this wait is unacceptable and i have already purchased a dji phantom 2 vision+ which blows away pretty much everything.
i am another one who has received nothing so far.... pledged the hex combo & was prepared to wait for the camera module & copters complete, but my patience has now run out. complete lack of communication, website offline etc are only worsening my fears that my money has been blown.  time for backers to get together for legal action ??
i flew my quad copter today. it flew pretty well considering i am not much of a pilot. i will be practicing a lot as i wait for the camera for my hex copter.
any update on the camera module?
i'm another one that hasn't received anything. while i appreciate the difficulty of getting a product completed and shipped, that doesn't excuse the lack of communication. you're having problems? let us know what to expect. at this point all i have to go on is that you don't think it's worth a few minutes of your time to update those of us still waiting.
@insomnia: yes..quite a few ppl have received the hex which were flashed with the quad firmware. flashing the hex firmware made the two motors work
"@fredric: it seems that you have the quad firmware...flash the hex firmware and try it...worked for many others.." as someone who's still waiting for my $200 paperweight, are you saying that the copter came with the wrong firmware flashed on it, or he flashed the wrong firmware?  i only ask because if this was the work of the creators, this would bring the incompetence to a new level.
so, are the camera modules being sent out?  i haven't seen any updates other then someone mentioning they got one.
did hexairbot.com expire?
@fredric: it seems that you have the quad firmware...flash the hex firmware and try it...worked for many others.. check out  https://www.facebook.com/flexbotnanocopter or https://plus.google.com/communities/107364751192727757284
seriously? i got my copter a while back but i waited for the cam module to arrive to test it out. the module finally came and i started to put it together. the first hurdle i ran in to was where to put which motor. there where supposed to be numbering on the frame according to the manual, but that wasn't the case. i googled a bit i think i solved it and put them in the right order. on to the camera module... no manual what so ever but i quickly figured out how to attach it. then i noticed that the battery had two leads, one was obvious where it went, but the other, smaller, one has no corresponding socket anywhere. is this mentioned in the manual? of course it isn't! after a while i decided it was for "future use" and left it alone. so i charged my battery, downloaded the app and fired it up. oh joy.. or not... only four of the six motors are spinning, but i thought the other two would spring to life once i paired my phone with the copter and increased power. nope, stone dead! maybe it flies anyway? oh no, it only manages a pathetic slight leaning to one side and sometimes it spins slowly around its axis. what the hell did i pay for? i'm quite certain that i'm included in "everyone" which would make "hex: a copter that anyone can fly!" a flat out lie. i want my money back or a working unit, but i guess that you don't care now once you have the money....
still haven't received anything either. can we get an update please?
i have backed over 20 projects on here and had my share of bad experiences, but this one is by far the most frustrating.  i have not received anything yet.  nobody is home.  nobody talks and there's nobody to talk to.  i just want a refund at this point but there's nobody to ask for one.
i just had the opportunity to fly a quadcopter with a comparable price ("hubsan x4 fpv quadrocopter"). now that i know what is possible, i'm verry disappointed with flexbot. the hubsan is  - way more stable in flight - has a working camera - is very robust - looks better - it tells you to stop, before destroying the battery - it is "a copter that anyone can fly!" sorry, but i had to say ist...
@benjamin black please address @deadprogram's comments on the main comments page. he had serious issues with the camera actually beginning to smoke after he connected it. this concerns me as i also backed at the camera level. kindly share how you will resolve.
funny how we haven seen a single piece of footage from the camera module at all. nothing. can't wait for it to come and be completely awful.
i mentioned that i don't mind not receiving the copter before the camera module was ready. but for the time being, would it be possible to be advised of an estimate of date of shipping of the whole lot (hex aerial photographer set)? thanks for any info on this.
2 weeks are up flexbot. are the camera modules complete and shipped ? if so then hopefully you can progress working on the stability of the copter. no one is going to get any decent pictures until the copter is more stable.
some motors spin one way and some the other, both in the set below have the same colored wires. anyone know how to get both motors? i see these, are they any good? http://www.dx.com/p/jin-xing-da385-006-385-diy-motor-for-2-4g-six-axis-gyroscope-r-c-helicopter-silver-311366#.u7r7--zdvg4
how can i get a shipping update? i ordered the unit with no camera but i never got an email with tracking. i did fill out the survey before. i have yet to get a response from hex.
still waiting too. i opted to send the whole package together w/video. starting to get anxious...
@chengyen yen  yes, also still waiting ... without any information from hex side
hex-a-copter-that-anyone-can-fly that's why i backed it! my hex copter has never got off the ground. i'm seriously gonna think twice before backing another tech project, this has been a disaster!
@malte it's really too bad that they didn't advertise this during the kickstart.  that and auto-stabilizer not being supplied until the next version kinda ticked me off.  still waiting for the camera module...
@drake: flexbot requires bluetooth low energy (ble) for communication which is only supported in android 4.3 and 4.4.
is there any chance there will be a version of the android app that doesn't require jellybean?  i have 5 devices in the house and not one handles it without rooting my phone.  i'm just curious why such a late version of the os was required, since most phones don't get updated.
does anybody still not receive your hex?
@frank, thanks - uninstalled and reinstalled and it worked.
@creator @deadprogram'c comments concern me.  please address his issues.  i also ordered a camera.
@james. i had the same problem. try uninstalling the app and reinstalling. that worked for me.
hi, please fix the app as after update now just crashes when opened - galaxy s3. useless can't fly flexbot now.
hey there guys, would you check up on the mail i sent you some while back.  i still havent heard from you and i would really like my hex copters :) thanks for a great project.
edit: not anymore, they ones on dx used to be 4 bucks
@chinna yes, but mine are 1/2 the price! :d
@charles:the props are available on dx.com also http://www.dx.com/p/walkera-qr-ladybird-z-01-mini-quad-copter-spare-parts-propellers-orange-black-234018 checkout https://www.facebook.com/flexbotnanocopter…
@all: the motors do not come with the connectors...
motors: http://www.dx.com/p/jingxingda-385-005-motor-for-2-4ghz-six-axis-gyroscope-quadcopter-2-pcs-296472#.u6wv6pldwv5 battery: http://www.dx.com/p/hubsan-h107c-a24-3-7v-380mah-li-po-battery-for-h301c-r-c-quadcopter-white-243226#.u6wv6pldwv5 props: http://www.banggood.com/wholesale-walkera-qr-ladybird-spare-parts-main-blades-propellers-qr-ladybird-z-01-p-46561.html
@sam holzberg  scroll down thru the comments for links to by replacement motors.
so still no word on replacement motors. the base of mine popped right out; even without use. my hex is now useless. and has been since day one. any chance you guys are gonna fix this?
i pledged $469, where the heck is my item?
sorry for the link to firmware https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_hex
got an update to the flexbit app pushed over google play store last night. however when you now try and open the app it closes down immediately after opening. you would think they would test the app before releasing. flexbot. your customers are crying out for an update. please listen and update us on the many issues below.
is it too late to have choose to have the hexacopter shipped separately from the camera.  if the camera is never going to ship, i would at least like to give the hexacopter a try.
as many others, i also backed for a hex (combo set) and, to be honest, i cannot (or do not want to) remind myself, why i did this, considering the actual situation.  of course i don´t mind to wait for some time and i also can understand that there are issues. but as a backer i expect from a partner a constant flow of information. this is just fair and would show a professional way to deal with problems.
where is the camera and where is the next update??
still waiting for my bundle.....
camera is dead :(
to be clear, i removed the camera before flying, once camera started smoking.
ok so the current status: plugging in the camera caused it to start smoking. i disconnected it as quick as i could... not sure of the status, looks like a bad crimp in the power cable for the camera. i then connected the android app, and flew around for a few minutes. had a small crash after flipping, and bent one of the props. i need more props asap, where can i get them?
i've just received (yesterday) my beta tester kit, which includes a hex copter, a quad copter, and the fpv goggles. i've not had a chance to set anything up yet. i did need to crazy glue one of the legs on the camera's 3d-printed housing out of the box. that is typical 3d printed stuff however and not specific to flexbot. the little card included in the box is very cute. the package is nice, let's see how the product works... more on that soon.
please fix the wiki, it was really useful and now is full of spam.
h e l l o ?
i agree with tom. i ordered the hex combo set and i am waiting for the camera module. i tried to fly with the quadcopter, but i wasn't impressed.
i'm getting bored of checking this comments section to see no news about the camera module. lost interest completely. i know for a fact that when the camera module comes it will be disappointing aswell. oh well
is the shipping date got pushed into the third millennium? please keep us up to date.
hello, i still have not received any package...? delivery was due march/april... with copter + camera combo... any word yet?
i haven't heard anything or received anything in regards to my hex aerial photographer set. can i please get a answer?
haven't been here for a while, is there any info when we get our cameras to the copter?
still waiting for my unit
the current firmware can be downloaded from github (https://github.com/hexairbot). a step by step instruction how to compile and upload it can be found here: http://flexbot.cc/wiki/index.php… the copter is basically a flying arduino with a special version of multiwii running on it. there is also a bluetooth µc from texas instruments on the board (which is superior to the arduino, but has no control over the sensors/motors). once calibrated it's ok to fly. i only had trouble when someone called my phone while flying ... you should definetly fly with a tablet or disable phone calls while flying ;-)
do you think that before next world cup(2018) i'll get my copter?
@hex @benjamin black update please and responses to all the questions posed below.
@ kurt dahlstrom. what new firmware and where did you download it from (link please) thanks.
literally moved countries twice. would very much like to recieve this, but since i no longer live in the us...if the factory is in china, any chance i can arrange my own shipping?
no info on camera and shipping updte. also the feedback from delivered ones seems not so good. please an update with answers and a solution path!!
i'm in the uk and nothing has been shipped at all yet. getting really concerned by the lack of updates and comments from people who have received theirs and they're virtually unusable. let's have some updates please.
like jeroen, benjamin asked me to reconfirm the shipping address one month ago, i receive nothing (including hex reply) until now.   as your backer, i can't believe you don't reply me on the exact schedule. one month passed after your last reply!
2 months since the last communication at which point, allegedly, everything was shipped. given the many comments on built and interface clearly some people have received theirs but it also seems plenty have not, including myself. i understand that at kickstarter i am not 'buying' a product but helping to fund development and frankly, all but one or 2, have been (significantly) delayed and i am fine with that but, with the exception of you and the epuck guy, everyone has produced regular updates and explanations ranging from improvements in design to unanticipated problems, unexpected success (too many orders) etc.. if you want to become a serious business your communication style is not the way to go about it.
so i uploaded the new firmware... omg it works pretty good. how i calibrate this thing is just a mess, the interface still looks like my five year old was your designer. please fix! and laird's comments below spot on!
got my hex copter, it works. the packaging is great! and as an engineer i didn't have trouble, but my son and i have some suggestions on how to make it easier for non-engineers to assemble. 1) the propellers should be color coded by orientation (cw/ccw) to make it easier for kids to assemble, since cw/ccw is pretty visually subtle to a kid. 2) the two back motors' distinction by cable color is pretty subtle. using different colored connectors (for example) would make it more obvious. or keyed connectors, which would be better. 3) where can we buy spare motors and props? the motors seem to be fairly fragile (relative to flying/landing/crashing) so spares are likely to be pretty popular. this isn't a complaint - all quad/hex coptors go through motors. they're not listed on the site. is there a standard model that we can buy? 4) when flying, it's important to calibrate so that the copter doesn't drift. the documentation (or software) should walk people through the process, since the copter is (like any copter) unflyable until it's calibrated.  perhaps a training video could help with this? 5) the motors are powered (hum) and the props all spin (weakly) on power-on. i'd suggest tweaking the firmware to have zero power to the motors when the copter is 'off', to save power, and to reduce unnecessary noise and movement. the props aren't spinning very hard, but the first time my son plugged the battery in, the prop spinning startled him (and he dropped the flexbot). others mentioned that the 2.3 firmware fixes this, so perhaps it's just a matter of updating?
there is already a project of 10gram camera: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2081058999/lamobo-d1-develop-your-own-mini-camera its alot cheaper than hex camera...
you have a camera module???!!!!
so i have a hex copter, camera module and video headset.  but there appears to be no way to charge video headset?  do i just go and buy a charger?  confused....
i was able to contact ben black using the "contact me" link. i was surprised when i got an answer. "hi dave manufacturing of the wifi cam modules should be complete in a week or two. hopefully, we can have them shipped before the end of this month. really sorry for the long delay. best regards,  flexbot" ok, so would it be so hard to post an update to the kickstarter page. after viewing some the founders facebook pages some list hexairbot as their current occupation. they also posted pictures of their new office. over at the hexairbot forum there has been some recent activity, they posted designs a flying helium filled donut, answered some questions. so, they are around and working. so, yeah it looks like they just do not care to give us an update.
there should have been some development since the last update regarding the camera module. can't understand why no one in the flexbot team cares to spare a few minutes to give another update. i've got my quad and hex a month ago already. out of the box they don't fly well, compared to a $20 quad from ebay. i am not sure what to expect from the camera module that started out having major technical issues. i have to now admit that a $200 pledge is kind of waste of money at this point.
just so that some folks can feel a little better. i received shipping notification on 4/23 and they just arrived to the usa today (nj). i got my mini copter and my hex copter. assembling now....
where is the camera?
@sebastian herp: see https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware for a 2.3+ based version
day 163.  still no sign of mini helicopters.  not even a roflcopter.  i shall resort to watching cat videos on the internet until the situation improves.  god help us.
well since we can't seem to get an update. i will try contacting some of the other members of the flexbot team. arnab bhadury https://www.facebook.com/arnab.bhadury https://www.linkedin.com/pub/arnab-bhadury/68/47/a63 angelo yu https://www.facebook.com/angeleyesyuchuan kada liao https://www.facebook.com/kadaliao… ? https://www.facebook.com/eyes.angel.902
oh and i agree with kurz below. the default multiwii experience isn't consumer friendly. this is definetly something for copter pilots that want to tune everything! if you have used multiwii on a copter before it feels just like home though ;-)
so i finally got around to really test my hexbot/flexbot. the default firmware has a nasty high pitch beep coming from the motors when not flying, so i downloaded the one from your github repository. it fixed the beep and has way better failsafe handling (copter seems to immediatly drop when out of range). then i connected multiwiiconf via the usb port. the barometer/altitude data is not being used right now, correct? at least there is no switch in the android app to activate this mode and the altitude seems to vary a lot in multiwiiconf. as multiwii has improved a lot in that department since 2.2 i suggest someone should update the code to current multiwii and maybe clean up the code to get rid of wii sensor legacy code that is still in there ;-) anyway. great little copter ... handles pretty well, considering the touch screen only steering. another suggestion: support gamepads on ios and android ... tactile feedback is important when flying copters.
sorry guys but i've got serious buyers remorse. it's impossible to fly, the interface on the android app is just terrible. i think you guys pushed way too hard on this and the product is sadly not ready for consumers. how about we fix that? honestly i would rather see that than a camera because that will be useless until you address these issues.
and the camera? when are you going to deliver the camera to us? any updates?
hi all. i pledged for the $199 hex combo set. i'm in the uk and have received nothing. if i remember correctly my shipping option was to receive everything together in mar/apr. obviously that has come and gone. anyone from the uk received the $199 hex combo set?
i finally got my hex, but i paid $249 for a hex and four quads.  has anybody else received their full order?  by the way, i still haven't figured out how to fly the stupid hex.  i should have spent $49 and just bought an air hog.  at least they stay in the air.
still waiting for the camera... please give us some updates...
@maurice peterli i've got the same problem.. hope they'll be able to fix it.. @frank spencer if you wish to update the firmware, you should go to their wiki page (if it works...) the instructions are there.
still no update on this? feels like it's been forever. i opted to have mine arrive late but with the camera module. reading over previous comments does not inspire faith that this project is going to deliver at all :/
i fly one time with my quadro. that is nothing for me, i'm not anyone :( i sell the quadro in/from germany, someone interested?
what about the camera modules? the lack of updates is so annoying.. only 4 motors of my hexcopter work, i really hope the camera is ok so it wasn't a complete waste of money..
the last update was 23rd apr. 7 weeks ago ! has this project been abandoned ? i am still struggling to fly the thing and need some help.  should i be reflashing the software ? and if so whats the easiest way to do this ??
i've recently upgraded to the new body (since i broke my old one ...) and it's a lot lighter! also, has anybody tried adding leds? after having flown a hubsan x4 with the leds i think they would be very useful on the flexbot, especially when it gets dark.
where are the camera modules?
ok update on that, managed to get it "working" but its going everywhere and is not able to stay in the same place even after calibrating. any ideas?
unfortunately my hex isn't working at all, it keeps beeping, all of the motors keep running and two of them don't work at all. the app connects to the hex, but doesn't do anything and the 3d printed shell is very fragile (a part of it broke off when putting the motor in) last but not least i backed for a eu hex, but got a us adaptor instead so i had to put a couple of plugs together to get it charged at all. i'm not very happy at all so any comment on that?
have all the hexes been shipped? i have not received tracking information for my pledge too.
just an addition: i don't feel very confortable having to disconnect the battery every time, so maybe you should put a switch in the connector
just got my copter and here's my feedback: 1- manual could have the "first flight" session from the wiki in it and some faq 2- since the "spy goggles" you sent are 3rd party, you could've put some info on how to integrate them, especially since their manual is also lacking (i actually took half an hour to figure out they had no internal battery) 3- since i am a very anxious person, i straight up took everything out of the box before assembling. unfortunately i was not aware the motors were numbered so i had a hard time assembling (i had to get a picture of an assembled copter and sort the motors by propeller orientation and cable color). you could put a sticker on each motor with the number. 4- my flexbot was incessantly beeping so i updated the firmware. as soon as i did, the robot stopped working.
have all the hexes been shipped? i have not received tracking information for my pledge too.
have all the hexes been shipped? i have not received tracking information for my pledge.
we need some updates... it has been 45 days since your last one and we have no clue what is going on or with the camera module. you haven't fulfilled your kickstarter project and are not very supportive to your backers on issues.
any update on shipping....i can't understand how you don't continue to give updates when you have outstanding obligations.
i've moved overseas, how do i change my address?
hey there! still no copters for me... i ordered a bundle with 5 so you can imagine how desperate i am to get my hands on them! any update on the time frame we'll be looking at would be awesome!
still haven't received anything, what gives?
camera update please.
this is sucks, i don`t have any android 4.3+ yet even my lenovo a3000 stated it have bt4.0.. and from the forum it would not they will upgrade it ever.. my hex sitting dust. can it use android 4.2.2 with hardware bt4.0 already installed?
@kyron the itouch 3g uses bluetooth 2.1+edr and hex needs ble 4.0 support that it's only available on ipod touch 5g/ iphone 4s or + / and android devices that support it and have installed android 4.3 or +
hey guys, anyway to control hex with an older version of android or something like that? i'm a windows phone user but i have a galaxy tab 2 that i was hoping to use with my hex. but then i get the thing (i ordered while the project was still in kickstarter) i find out the app only runs in android 4.4. the only other device i have is a 3rd gen itouch, and i'm getting a strong feeling that won't work. i don't have the technical ability to make either an app or a controller by myself. i'm sure you guys are hard at work over there but please take this into consideration. also, everybody else, anything that flys is never easy to fly, moreover, its 3d printed, what could possibly make you think it wouldn't break? i don't know if this will work for the hex, but i've fixed up other toy helicopters of similar size with tiny paper clips
honestly, i don't know if i got the same product that the rest of the people who complains here, got mine hex, updated the firmware, and it flies perfectly. and i had never had any experiences with any kind of flying devices before.
this has not been a great project. this thing is impossible to fly!
@dave b, while this isn't the only project i regret getting involved with, it's the one i regret the most.  with all the comments of brittle, broken and damaged units and the complete lack of communication, my gut is telling me that this project is a horrible failure and the producers just pushed out a half ass project to cover their commitment and bailed.
just got mine and i'm in az, usa. i have assembled both of my quad copters and have to admit that i'm very disappointed. one of them had a connector fall off the pcb (the motor connector!) and the other had 3 of the 4 motor housings pretty much fall apart. the plastic that was used to 3d print these parts is astoundingly brittle. it seems like it's going to be solid and hearty but in reality any stress at all and it falls apart. i now have $100 worth of crummy non-functional quad-copter mess.  kudos to those that can deal with the crazy that is this company ... it's way more of a "project" than i thought i was buying into. my hope was that i would have a fully functional quadcopter ... instead i have a few 3d printed pieces of art. hope the rest of the community has more success than i do, but it doesn't sound promising.
at what point do we determine that the creator has abandoned us and look at other options? i've backed a lot of projects and this one is the only one i  truly regret getting involved with. https://www.kickstarter.com/help/search…
guys, we need some communication here.  the last update states that shipping was almost complete, yet i have not received mine.  the developers need to understand that communication is key to kickstarter projects.  kickstarters like myself can forgive delays, we understand it's part of the bargain, but there is no excuse for failed communication.
are the hexacopters with cam module delayed because issues?
have not received my copter yet. are they still shipping, or should all of them have been received by now?
anyone not happy please contact me at hahachas@gmail.com i would like to buy your spare parts.  helps both of us 1)not a total loss for you 2) cheaper for me for parts.
well, at least i only wasted $50
@tom: yes, after 3-4 evenings (with some recharges, around 20 battery charges worth of flights) i have it pretty much under control. the main thing i struggled with in the beginning is that i tried to fly it in my garden, which was way too small. moving to a park/football field made a huge difference. and don't forget to plug the battery in while the copter is level, and to update the firmware (http://flexbot.cc/wiki/index.php…). then, a good test that the copter is ok would be to just try and hover it, without flying anywhere.
so.... most ppl had their copter delivered i guess. anyone actually able to fly this thing?
my quad was working fine until the #2 motor broke at the base. i replaced it with a spare motor but each time i connected it to the battery, the replaced motor would spin at full speed while the other motors are at rest. changing to the second spare and upgrading the firmware did not solve the problem. does anyone has a solution to this problem?
april 23, 2014 was your last update.........what's going on with the camera module? we need an update. i also need a replacement for defective board, who do i contact for a replacement? where is your support?
@juan the usb connector is a generic one that charges any droid phone.  verizon has them (for a price) or amazon (for a less steep price)
i agree about the camera update.  wanted it to document the building of my house..but now looks like i will be able to document the growing of the grass..
@juan: check my previous comments i posted this 1.http://www.dx.com/p/jingxingda-385-005-motor-for-2-4ghz-six-axis-gyroscope-quadcopter-2-pcs-296472 2.http://www.dx.com/p/walkera-qr-ladybird-z-01-mini-quad-copter-spare-parts-propellers-orange-black-234018#.u39p34gsxwi 3.http://www.dx.com/p/3-7v-900mah-25c-lipo-battery-for-walkera-v120d01-v120d02-v120d05-m120d01-v120d02s-231681#.u39p4ygsxwi the battery used is of a bigger mah rating..should give you more flying time
thank you @ronan and @charles !! any of you know where to buy the microusb conector? :d
here are the props for 1/2 the price: http://www.banggood.com/wholesale-walkera-qr-ladybird-spare-parts-main-blades-propellers-qr-ladybird-z-01-p-46561.html
sorry, see if this works: http://www.dx.com/p/walkera-qr-ladybird-z-01-mini-quad-copter-spare-parts-propellers-orange-black-234018#.u4dsgprdway http://www.dx.com/p/hubsan-h107c-a24-3-7v-380mah-li-po-battery-for-h301c-r-c-quadcopter-white-243226#.u4dsg5rdway http://www.dx.com/p/jingxingda-385-005-motor-for-2-4ghz-six-axis-gyroscope-quadcopter-2-pcs-296472#.u4dshjrdway
@ronan the web links are incomplete, website says web not found...
@juan colilla : props - http://www.dx.com/p/walkera-qr-ladybird-z-01-mini-quad-copter-spare-part... battery - http://www.dx.com/p/hubsan-h107c-a24-3-7v-380mah-li-po-battery-for-h301c... not sure if they're they same mha though. motors - http://www.dx.com/p/jingxingda-385-005-motor-for-2-4ghz-six-axis-gyrosco... you would need to check which way they are spinning and change the cables appropriately. connector - http://www.newark.com/molex/53048-0210/wire-board-connector-header-2pos/...
didn't get mine with camera either ..
+1, please an update about the camera. what is happening there?
@seneca: let me ask the other way round: is there someone who already received the fexbot with the camera attachment?? i didn't :-(
my hex looks great! http://s4.postimg.org/luqptfkn1/image.jpg can someone post links from where we can buy motors and propellers? and as i'm trying to solve with benjamine, my board doesn't have the microusb conector...
@farzad, thanks.
should i have received my kit by now.. i thought i filled out the form with all the customizations -- in the case that i didn't though and i have a bad memory i went ahead and did it again. please let me know the status of my order! thanks i realize this forum may not be the place place to ask this.  are there others that have not received their flexbots yet with the camera attachment?
@simon ho: read this: http://flexbot.cc/wiki/index.php…
last week i met a flexbot owner who ordered his in the usa, his frame looked a lot more stable, robust and clean printed than the one i got here in europe, why is there such a big difference (it already got a crack on inserting the motor and broke an the second flight), furthermore one of the motors was broken, the spare motor seems to weak therefore it can't fly stable
it seems that there is new firmware for the copter, can anyone explain to me how to update the firmware , or point me to any online information? thanks.
an update with support info would be helpful for all those still experiencing problems.
still waiting for my flexbot.  the tracking number seems to be worthless; all it says is it was shipped 4 weeks ago to the us.  i emailed you but no response.  help??
@ishwater http://darch.net/flexbot.jpg
hello, is there any assemble guide which demonstrate the correct direction of the propeller? since i over look the numbering and mess up the motors
after smashing several frames i printed i've found nylon to be the way to go. pla/abs/pett didnt last too long but my nylon frame has seen a number of hard crashes and no issues yet.
@gary krause - i had that issue when i tried to design my own custom frame. it was also a snap together design. my issue was the arms weren't accurately parallel and perpendicular. my arms were off by only a few degrees but it made all the difference in the world to make them as straight as possible. unfortunately, if i crashed or bumped an arm then it would get out of place and start spinning again. look below for my experience. http://designmakeshare.cc/forum/flexbot-custom-shells
first, i would like to commend you for actually shipping a product.  unfortunately the best part about the shipped product was the packaging.  i really liked it.  however, i was unsuccessful at getting both the hex and quad to fly.  i have extensive rc experience and have 7 quads flying, including ones i custom built.  both flexbots ended up in my trash bin. the motor connector on the quad broke rendering the control board useless.  yes, i was careful to insert the connector carefully. on the hex, three of the motor mounts broke.  after i repaired them with ca, i struggled to determine the order of the motors and orientation of the props.  once i got that sorted out, i then found i had to re-flash the firmware... how would an average consumer know what that is or how to do it?  i did but but the quad still is not flying. frustrating!!
total waste of $200.
#chahlie: thingiverse, maybe you want to try a nylon print...
ok so i crashed mine bad. where can i purchase a new body?
since no support from these guys for replacement motor pins and no updates. i search high and low on my own. i ended up finding some right-angle 2 pin wire board connector header by molex. they pretty much identical and plug into the motors ends. here is a link if you need some.  http://www.newark.com/molex/53048-0210/wire-board-connector-header-2pos/dp/57h4718…
so do i. any news so far. regards, jw
i have yet to receive it. i seemed to have been missed in the shipping. suggestions?
@gary: how does your motor/props setup look like? please compare it with this image http://flexbot.cc/wiki/index.php… and check the rotating direction of the motors and the orientation of the props. if the hardware looks ok, i recommend calibrating the acc and the mag (and dont forget to turn the flexbot for 30s around all axes while it is performing the magnet calibration).
http://youtu.be/r4jtles1py8 anyone having this issue? it seems to spin uncontrollably. i've played with rearranging the motors/propellers and updated the firmware but can't get it to fly right.
re. weight; my kitchen scales show the whole hex to be 50.5g (15 for battery, 35.5 for frame, motors, electronics). this is with the revised airframe (cutouts at motors)
@koen kooi: thanks.  i had tried that before but obviously wasn't clicking correctly.  got the aux assignments switched now.  it didn't seem to do much when turning on bar though... i'll keep testing.
(sorry for the spam) i just posted my experiences with my latest custom y6 design.  summary: it flies well, but it's a little more touchy than the standard hex. i love the style of it though! y6v3 currently under development! http://designmakeshare.cc/forum/flexbot-custom-shells
i estimated my stock hex at 50g. am i close? =)
i have a quick favor for anyone with a hex... can someone weigh their entire assembly, cap, battery, and all? my latest design is at 54g.
@ronan burke: have a look at https://www.youtube.com/watch… @chinna rao: see http://www.multiwii.com/wiki/index.php… note that it doesn't work well on the flexbot because the compass gets too much interference from the motors and power traces on the board.
just ordered these... 1.http://www.dx.com/p/jingxingda-385-005-motor-for-2-4ghz-six-axis-gyroscope-quadcopter-2-pcs-296472 2.http://www.dx.com/p/walkera-qr-ladybird-z-01-mini-quad-copter-spare-parts-propellers-orange-black-234018#.u39p34gsxwi 3.http://www.dx.com/p/3-7v-900mah-25c-lipo-battery-for-walkera-v120d01-v120d02-v120d05-m120d01-v120d02s-231681#.u39p4ygsxwi
@all: disabling beginners mode lets you control yaw(turn left/right) acc mode is accelerometer mode..you turn it on and tilt your phone to control the roll and pitch of the copter
@koen kooi: what exactly does headfree do? i found out the hard way about acc mode..crashed into a wall because i was holding my phone at an angle when i pressed the right joystick to check its functioning..
@koen kooi : how do you use multiwii to change the aux assignments? i've had a play around and can't see how.  do you modify the arduino files?
this is the matching firmware bit: https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_quad/blob/master/eeprom.ino#l125  conf.activate[boxhorizon]  = 1 << 0 | 1 << 1 | 1 << 2;   conf.activate[boxheadfree] = 1 << 2;   conf.activate[boxbaro]     = 1 << 5; so horizon mode is on for all aux1 settings, headfree for aux1/high and baro for aux2/high you can verify and change it with multiwiiconf.
@koen kooi: i'm a bit confused now... in the ios source code i've found at statement like this: if (self.settings.isheadfreemode) {         [self.aux1channel setvalue:1];     } else {         [self.aux1channel setvalue:-1];     } if (self.settings.isaltholdmode) {         [self.aux2channel setvalue:1];     } else {         [self.aux2channel setvalue:-1];     } is this incorrect in combination with a unmodified firmware release 1.0.3 from github?
@thomas elstner: i used multiwiiconf to change it to aux1:  https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-k6uen6fuxsm/u3zdujhvssi/aaaaaaaafnm/plxlrgcm2se/w1865-h1165-no/schermafbeelding+2014-05-16+om+20.47.36.png i'll have a look at the new code later tonight and see if i can get ble working in the simulator with an extra dongle.
@koen kooi: according to the ios code (and confirmed in flight), althold mode is activated on channel aux2, not aux1. anyway, i've added both buttons (headfree/aux1 and althold/aux2) to the ui ;-) i will push an update to github tonight.
@thomas elstner: you can use multiwiiconf to change the box settings so altitude hold gets enabled using aux1, which is the headfree toggle in one of the settings panes. you need to do that in-flight, since you can't arm it when it's enabled. see https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanocontroller_ios/issues/2
+kai laborenz: there are 2 issues with failsafe in play: failsafe throttle and no input from bluetooth. the flexbot firmware has a fix for the throttle and a workaround for link loss, but it's not 100% working as expected. https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware/issues/17 has more info on that for recent multiwii versions and proposed fixes.
yesterday i lost my hex because bluetooth connection was gone and copter went to full throttle and up and away :-(( i learned that this was because the "fail safe" setting was set so (not very safe at all). so as a warning for other bakers: don't use the copter outside until this is fixed. now i am waiting for the camera but don't have a copter to fly with. @benjamin black i really hope there will be a replacement service at a reasonable price (a.e. material costs) to send me a board, motors and propellers with my camera (i can print a news frame by myself)! this is clearly a fundamental flaw in the software!
@tom: imho, in normal mode the throttle control really just acts as a throttle, so if you take your finger of the control, the current throttle just remains unchanged. in altitudehold mode, the throttle control basically adjusts the height , so if you take your finger of the control, the flexbot is supposed to hover. i'm subscribed to apples developer program, so i'm able to compile the sources (published on github) and deploy the binary on registered development devices.
@thomas. i thought it was just when you took your finger off the throttle and it was supposed to hold its altitude. do you need a jail broken iphone to do what you did?  thanks for your help!
@tom: how did you activate the altitudehold mode? it's not enabled by default and i enabled this functionality in my refactored version of the ios app...
i'm afraid the foam over the sensor trick didn't work for me at all.
figured out why my 2nd board wont connect. solder to the bt board isnt even soldered on. how can i get a replacement board??????????
so now i can't even connect to my 2nd flexbot board, this is really in upsetting... my 1st board has broken right angle 2-pin motor connections. still waiting for a part number. no support  from the creators whatsoever.... now my other hex board that i flashed to the quad firmware cannot connect to my ios app. can't fly anything $200 dollars down the drain and still don't know if we will ever get a camera add-on for this hex copter. updates??? what the heck are you guys doing over there? @benjamin black @takua yu @kada liao @shihong luo @jinhua liao @angelo yu @arnab  bhadury how you folks operate a business is very poor.
thanks thomas. might try this later. got nothing to loose!!
wrong url: 2. a 1x2cm piece of soft packaging foam applied -  http://666kb.com/i/coklb4jfgwxvjd5i0.jpg
i've made an interesting observation: if you put some foam around the altimeter sensors, most of the oszillations go away and the (hex- & quad-)copter hovers quite stable. background information on this: http://www.bitcraze.se/2013/10/altitude-hold/ pics:  1. the location of the sensor - http://666kb.com/i/cokl9pkq2i3t3v0ns.jpg 2. a 1x2cm piece of soft packaging foam applied - http://666kb.com/u.php
juan. that is annoying. good to know it's not my flying skill though!!
the barometer incorporated in the flexbot isn't accuracy enough to use a alltitude hold mode, it will fly between a range of altitudes and isn't what you want, so we can say that isn't compatible with altitude hold, this is what they said me :)
hi guys, any ideas how i can activate altitude hold without the new ios app? perhaps configuring the aux1 menu toggle through the multiwii app?
i have a printrbot jr. and i am in need of a new frame. are there any printrbot jr compatable files out there ????
just got my hex yesterday and i'm really happy with it. it's quite a bit harder to control than the toy helicopter i had before, but after going to a nearby park instead trying to fly it in my small back garden i'm starting to get a lot better. and the firmware update fixed the annoying beeping in idle. i still have some problems getting the copter to fly initially, sometimes it seems to get stuck in the calibration phase in the beginning, with the red led constantly blinking. but apart from that, my only other problem is that the battery cover often falls out when i crash it, i'm glad that i haven't lost it yet. but then, if i ever do all that's needed to fix that is to print a new one.
@benjamin i'm still waiting for my package, may you chase that up for me? thanks
my new heavier frame flies better as it's slightly more stable. but i'm assuming the flight time is reduced quite a bit. only once the camera module finally appears will i know how heavy that is and the total mass.
looks like i'm going to be the last one on the planet to get mine.  i've heard nothing.  there does not appear to be a way to contact anyone by email for any kind of status.  there's requests for replacement parts in this comment section?  i think i have buyers remorse and i don't even have mine yet.
@dave b: it was added to thingiverse a few days ago: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:274422/#files
@tom it's about 12 grams for the one it shipped with. the lighter design file still hasn't appeared anywhere. i printed the one that's been posted and also found it heavier. at least for the hex frame without the mia camera module, there is plenty of lift to fly it but with reduced flight time. it might even be a bit more stable with the added weight...
does anyone know the weight of the frame and cover and battery cradle? iv had one printed in a different material and it's 21 grams in total (all 3 parts without the board and motors). i'm thinking it's going to be too heavy... :-(
given the open source status a full part list for everything added to the github repository or wiki would be ideal. i just poked around and couldn't find a full component list anywhere.
@benjamin black!!! can you please give me a replacement part# (or send me a spare) for the 2-pin motor mount soldered connections on the board? my motor connector broke off now i can fly after 1 week of use. how do we get support as backers?
@thomas jajaja or you can push it to 25pp they use his own certificate to install apps on iphone outside the appstore ^^ or install thru jailbreak that will be available soon... the ios developer program it's so expensive for 1 app i think...
@juan: as long as the app is not published in apple's appstore (that's something i have to discuss with the project creator: apple usually does not tolerate multiple, different publishers for a single app, so i would have to change the app name) the only way to deploy it is to join apple's ios developer program and to install it via xcode using your developer credentials.
how can i install your app (that have hover and altutide hold) modified of github in my ipod touch 5g on ios 7.1.1?
it would be nice if 'hover mode' actually worked. when i take my finger off the throttle it moves up and down quite a bit. which seems tho sometimes throw it off course. not exactly the hover i had in mind. it's like a drunk monkey flying a helicopter!
@kai: the hover mode was already implemented (both in ios and in firmware), just the switch activating it was missing in the ui. i guess the altitudehold mode needs some fine tuning on the firmware side, because the copter is oscillating about 1m in height (which does not surprise me). @farzad: currently i'm switching the source to arc, which will be completed by the end of this week. i've forked the master on github, feel welcome to join: https://github.com/teeqemm/hexnanocontroller_ios
@thomas elstner: i've modified the ios app as well to show the flexbot identifier instead of the static text. i was going to continue adding a few things to the app and the much needed clean up you mentioned but as i see you're further ahead of me i was wondering if you're planning to post your code and changes to github (or elsewhere) so i (or others) could collaborate.
guys i sent you a couple of mails with no answer. it seems that my hex got lost somewhere. i still haven't received it so can you please check your inboxes (info@flexbot.cc) and help me out to find what happened or ship me another flex bot. thank you!
@thomas elstner: can you implement a hover solution like on the android app? if throttle button is released (finger not touching) copter initiates hover mode?
@vitor, paul: i'm currently refactoring and cleaning up the ios code. after that, i'm planning to implement an osd displaying imu and other sensor data along with the current vector. maybe this helps analyzing the calibration & settings issues paul is observing.
@david: there is a firmware update 1.0.3 dated last tuesday for both the quad and hex available (see here: https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_quad/releases and https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_hex/releases) ... the release comments indicate the following changes: - version 1.0.3: refined failsafe mode - version 1.0.1: fixed the bug: motors start beeping and some (maybe all) motors start slowly spinning after connecting the battery. there are no major updates available for the ios phone software available.
@vitor, thanks. that was actually one of the first things i tried in case it was tilted when set up. i unplugged the batter and then put on a flat surface and plugged back in (several times) with the same result. i then tried to do a cal from the ios app once powered up. there is no feedback in the app to know what it did or what kinds of numbers it is using for its cal in the app. that being said, its interesting that it ran perfectly when i first ran it, then after powering down and restarting, it ended up having the same issue on two different boards (same scenario). later today or tomorrow i will be able to reflash the boards and essentially start from scratch again and see if the board goes back to behaving properly (until a power down and restart). thanks
@paul hunt, the copter will calibrate the accelerometer every time you plug the battery in. so make sure that you are on a flat surface before connecting the battery every time.
i've seen comments about a firmware update.  are people talking about the software on the hexairbot, or to the phone software?
@dreadful, that's pretty cool. i'll have to give it a try? i'll keep any eye out to see if you post a successful build of the fw and stl. on another note, i tried out the quad and hex with my daughter. i tried the original fw out of the box and it was fine. i then loaded the new fw in github, and tried the quad. it flew pretty well. then we tried the hex and it was good. more stable. then we changed the battery on the quad. i connected and every time we spin it up, it wants to go drastically to one side. odd. i look at it and there are no bends, breaks, etc. we didn't crash it. i then change the battery in the hex, and it does the exact same thing. i am curious if data is being stored on the app or on the copter and what that is? i am going to try a few tests. first, i'd like to reflash the fw on both and see if it reverts back to the way it flew on the first run. if that doesn't fix it, i'd like to try deleting the ios app and reinstalling and see if that fixes it. if neither of those fixes it, it's possible something happens hardware - wise, but i doubt it. that being said, i thought that the hex flew very stable. i'd like to try the y6 configuration. it's a fun toy. my daughter and i both had fun with it.
my little flexbot is growing on me more and more. especially with all of the modding i've done! i'm still not a fan of the frame design being 3d printed, but it's helped me design my own frames and have fun with it. last week, i posted a link to a forum where i showed off my new frame design. i never posted the stl files because i wanted to give the frame a good trial run. i found out that the snap together motor mounts were too weak and kept popping off. so instead of redesigning the motor mounts, i once again redesigned the whole frame! it's now a y6 configuration with carbon fiber arms! i had to modify the code to reorganize the motor pins. i also had to modify 3 propellers because 3 of the motors now point downward, so the shaft had to poke through the top of the prop. i used one spare motor and one prop from my quad. it flies vertically, but now it spins in a circle. the same problem i had with last weeks design. i solved last weeks by bending the arms parallel. this time they're as parallel as i can make them but they seem to get out of position easier. i'll keep you guys posted with my progress! http://www.gmaxprinter.com/forum/viewtopic.php…
@benjamin! i have a problem :( i write you a mail but you didn't reply... my board have not the conector to the pc (front conector) so i can't update my hex firmware :((( can you help me?
i've just assembled my hex copter: packaging (numbered envelopes with motors and props) was exactly as described in the wiki's assembly section. i took the firmware from github (there was an update last tuesday) and the ios app from apple's store, did the calibration as described in my previous comment...  and it flies! quite powerful, imho a bit more stable than the flexbot... now charging the batteries. currently i'm refactoring the ios app. the source code is imho technically a bit outdated.  changes so far: - switch to modern objective c - remove all compiler warnings - rework localization towards ios standard  - switch to arc - feature: display the devices' identifier instead of a static label 'flexbot'. this helps a lot when working with multiple flexbots. did you now that there is a bug tracker: https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanocontroller_ios/issues please make use of it!
if anybody in the uk is interested, my ebay listing for hex plus quad is ending later today. make me an offer!  http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
sorry, wiki page http://flexbot.cc/wiki/index.php…
@jonathan nguyen yes thank you for you advice! here is our forum http://designmakeshare.cc/forum, and the fqa: http://www.flexbot.cc/static/faq.html and wikipage(thanks to @kroegerama）hope it will be helpful!
just put my quad together, did cal, and went outside with it. this was much better than i was envisioning. the quad was responsive and held position quite well. i have had quite a few quads and run a full size quad with gps/telemetry/missions etc. and have gone through my share of experiences and this is about as easy as it gets. i didn't flash new fw (although perhaps that has only been done on hex models). nice product.
i've try the newest firmware on github. it turns out that a simple firmware upgrade does really makes my life easier just like @thomas described. it works!!
thanks to video post by @terrence  goh, i was able to get my copter fly, #1 blade was wrong. flexbot should post more video or have forum for ppl post questions and other to help.
p.s. can i get my money back?
well these guys have just adde a whole new level to the term 'piece of crap'! this junk absolutely isn't worth the money as it's been put together by a bunch of amateurs. never mind the fact it took them 6 months (six months, that's half a year) to get it delivered. the thing is fiddly to assemble, pieces break off willy nilly. why not color code the blades? i can't get my head around why one of the left handers is orange (which they call red) and the other black? are they purposefully trying to confuse me? none of the parts are marked once they're out of their little paper bags. any instructions i can find anywhere on the internet are even more baffling than what's provided in the package. since they've gone through the trouble of manufacturing an expensive box, why doesn't the product fit in there when it's assembled (yes, i did get it assembled in the correct way with the help of large quantities of profanity). and don't svn get me started on the software! looks like it was designed in the nineties. full of incomprehensible functions that you first have to read up on. and then when you get the thing started it just spins out of control on the table no mater what you try. the six minutes battery time it gives you aren't nearly enough even to figure out what's wrong with the thing. and then when you've exhausted both batteries provided the charger turns out to be incompatible with out outlets and just the right size to be unable to fit into any standard adaptors so i had to take a hacksaw to one just to get it to plug into a socket. i don't have the time to go into everything that's wrong with this waste of money piece of shit. these guys clearly aren't ready for the big time. this thing is only for autistic tinkerers with a lot of time on their hands. clearly not meant for anyone who just wants to try flying a quad copter. never was a tagline so wrong! this is not 'a copter that anyone can fly!' most people won't even get it assembled.
@benjamin black i didn't get an email or anything... my copter is still not arrived.. what can i do? thank you
well, i got my copters, and assembled them without issue but only one of them is anywhere near flyable. three of the quads seem to think that sideways is up, so they are unuseable (even after recalibrating the accelerometer, and even trying to manually calibrate with a multiwii interface program. one of them flys pretty well, but the failsafe code was made by an idiot, so the copter takes off at 100% power as soon as there is a glitch. the hex is also pretty much unflyable, and the trim buttons in the app seem to have no correlation to the copter at all. i am extremely disappointed. i have flown many quads, hexes, octs, and even a few decacopters, but none of them were as difficult to contol as this. i've now tried several versions of the firmware, but none seem to make any difference in the flyabiliy. all in all, this really sucks. i was expecting better. these are going into my parts bin until i can figure out a way to make them properly useable.
i broke a motor mount pin today. how do i fix this now? i posted it a link here to show a picture. https://groups.google.com/forum/…
nice video how to identify if propellers are assembled and spinning correctly, and calibrate your copter using the ios app. http://youtu.be/e2efms7pckq
@koen kooi: you were right. i changed the value to 70 and *tadaaa* no random spinups anymore. great hint, thank you very much. by the way - i had to reconfigure all the pid controllers of my hex to get a good flight. the default settings tend to oscillation. they seem to be a little bit too high. for next issues or improovements i will contact you through github :-)
there are new on the camera module?
today i have assembled one of my four flexbots. being prepared for the worst, it was actually quite easy. all 4+2 motors had the same color coded cables, so there was no big deal in assembling the copter following the instructions in the wiki. i didnt even try the firmware installed on the arduino, instead i directly flashed it with the version on github. battery charging time seems to be around one hour. on powerup, i got no beeping motors. i installed the ios app on my iphone 4s, it connected immediately to the flexbot. reset to defaults. calibrate acc. wait for the red led to turn off. calibrate mag - while doing so, rotate the flexbot for about 30s around all axes. having a lot flight experience with a large octocopter and recently with a crazyflie (a nano copter comparable to flexbot) i had an idea how to start. very important: small scale copters are very sensitive to  the ground effect - so as a beginner never ever try to start from the ground or a table, the flexbot with stick to that plane until it develops a certan lifting force and then it goes up insanely. instead ask a friend to hold your flexbot on his outstretched hand. ready for testing. first ask your friend to hold your flexbot tighly and start to explore the stupid (ios) software and figure out, how the controls work in advanced mode. find gas and yaw (left control), pitch and roll (right control), get a feeling how they all work together - while your friend is trying not to get hurt by blades. ready for flight. now ask your friend to hold the flexbot on his flat hand. increase the power very slowly (stupid ios app) until your flexbot nearly takes off. try to compensate any yaw (there shouldnt be much to compensate), then compensate any pitching and rolling - your friend will feel if the hopping flexbot is ready because there is no tension anymore. i still have to figure out how to save these trimming parameters. stupid ios app. anyway, increase the power very slowly and the flexbot will lift into the air. excercise: try hovering at a certain hight, staying at a fixed position. try this indoor, because the flexbot (as well as its cousin, the crazyflie) is very sensitive to wind. next steps: get more familiar with the ios app, find a firmware supporting a constant altitude hovering mode (it was a big milestone once this was implemented in the crazyflie). assemble the hexbot :)
iv had to glue the frame so many time one of the motors now isn't fully vertical and makes flying impossible. bored of this crap now. waste of money
cool! well, even with the flexbot updated firmware, unless it's just coincidence, i got a much better experience with my hex. i pulled the full 6 minutes no crashes. i'll keep toying and maybe try your build in a couple of days so i have some time to compare. a helpful reminder to those new to r/c heli, etc. get it off the ground :) when you're flying low all kinds of air currents are being generated that throw the copter around (especially a light one). you also have less chance to correct if needed. it's scary as hell early on, but once you get up there you get a feel for how much more stable it is. i'm talking 3-6 feet, not 20 :)
it seems to fly a bit better, but i can't tell if that's wishfull thinking or not :) i was reflashing my hex and had this page open, so it's coincidence on the response time :)
@koen d'oh!! :) and you're liking it over stock? btw how did you know to respond so fast? :)
@richard goodwin: there's no code difference for the quad or hex, only a config.h change is needed to change between the 2: diff --git a/config.h b/config.h index daf431c..b00d82c 100644 --- a/config.h +++ b/config.h @@ -36,11 +36,11 @@      //#define bi      //#define tri      //#define quadp -    #define quadx +   //#define quadx      //#define y4      //#define y6      //#define hex6 -    //#define hex6x +    #define hex6x i really don't understand why flexbot has 2 repos instead of just one.
@koen, it seems like your work is mostly in the quad code. is your branch with rebase of the hex code usable/improved? i'm going to go to latest flexbot firmware today but would happily try another :)
after setting rate to 0.44 and expo to 0.50 in multiwiiconf i can actually control it :)
@ koen kooi: thank you for the fast response. i will try this evening and give you feedback!
@arne: feel free to file issues for any problems you encounter here: https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware/issues…
@arne: try changing rcserialcount to a higher value: https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware/blob/pruts/protocol.cpp#l309 the root cause is that we're sending rc data over the telemetry channel and telling multiwii to ignore the usual rc input for 50 cycles (~1 second) everytime it receives input from the app. i suspect there's a race condition every n*50 cycle where it will use the rc input instead of the app input. and since nothing is hooked up to the rc pins, it will default to 1500.
@ulli: i took a look at the full immersive mode, and unfortunately it's not as easy. the original app is intended to work on android 4.3 and 4.4 while some of the immersive mode only seems to be available in 4.4. long story short, it's more complicated then just turning the immersive mode on, but i'll see what i can do there.
@bj tomiko: you can find my changes to the android app on github (https://github.com/exxamalte/hexnanocontroller_android), both as source code and with released apk packages. i am working on making the hovering configurable, but haven't decided on what to do next. for me a stable flight of the copter is one the main concerns, so maybe continue on that issue.
@ koen kooi. first thank you for the flexbot port to multiwii 2.3. i tested yesterday evening but there is a small issue. when the app (android) is connected to the copter and throttle is off the rotors of my hex are spinning up for a very short time (i think round about 0,1 seconds). its very short. when using multiwiiconf you can see that the throttle input from the remote sometimes shoots up to 1500 for a very short moment. often the shootup is not logged by multiwiiconf cause its too short but you can see the props spinning up. it looks like the copter reads its default value (1500) from the rc. i just reverted some of your changes for test but there was no difference. so did you notice such a behaviour with your bot when using multiiwii 2.3??. downgrading to version 2.2 fixed this. pehaps you have an idea what is happening.
hi hex, i received my set but  1. you provided me an incompatible adapter. it is usa and not eu. in earlier comments you said that you would sent eu compatible ones.  2. also i am confused because i choose the option to wait and receive my order complete with camera module. still i receive it without? can you solve these mysteries? kind regards
has there been any further work on the version of the software with the hover mode?  it works fairly well, but seems like it could use some tweaking.  is it possible to make that version more easily available to everyone somewhere (it's hard to find the link amongst all these comments now) or maybe merge it into the real application as an option if benjamin is open to that addition?
@ koen kooi. fantastic. thanks for the pointer.
@benjamin: i still haven't got my set yet...
thank you for your reply, tom! i'll give it a try!
i am deeply dissapointed about backing this project. i received the copter and after just 10 minutes it broke. i was never able to get it to fly. it's just not well designed and the materiald used in its construction do not support its intended use. kickstarter should note this.
hsin. i would flash the latest firmware anyway. i'm sure it will fix your issue and also iron out some problems with the first version of the firmware.
hsin. i would flash the latest firmware anyway. i'm sure it will fix your issue and also iron out some problems with the first version of the firmware.
hi, i received my hex copter and i think i may have the same not-powering issue as @vagelis fragkos does. the motor power socket/connector numbering 3 and 6 on the board do not give  4 volt like the others when the battery is attached. and the two do not spin at all as i push the throttle up. given the reply from @kai laborenz, it seems to be a firmware issue that the board is not initialized properly? is that a known issue? i can give it a shot flashing a new firmware when i am out of work. but it would be nice to be told that i am using the right solution. despite there is some faults to be resolved, i was excited about getting this flexbot! nice project idea!
@tom mayor  have sent you email, really sorry for late reply.
@bemjamin. how are you going to replace the broke. on arrival frames? also, please set up an email help through your website. it's horribly unprofessional to not be able to contact you directly.
as expected. no sensible answer to any of my questions.
@kai laborenz thx for the info.i will upload it once i get back from work.i hope at least i can fly the quad.for the hex probably something is malfunctioning with the 2 receptacles. :(
@simon v yes, will share that via our tw and fb. many thanks!
for those who need source file for sketchup http://designmakeshare.cc/forum/dear-designers-file-for-sketchup
@ farzad bakhtiar: https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware/commits/pruts
@vagelis fragkos you need to flash the hex firmware - read the older posts or the wiki page.
this is a long shot but has anyone managed to port multiwii 2.3 to the flexbot yet i'm going to look into it but wanted to make sure i'm not duplicating effort.
just wondering, i backed the hex aerial photographer set, but have yet to hear much about it or get a email regarding shipped, so has the bot been shipped yet ??
i received my quad and hex copter.i can't lift off quad.it goes only from the side and turns upside down.so i tried a couple of minutes my hex.apart from the fact that the bottom black part of one motor was detached as sam says belove i had 2 other plugs /receptacles that don't give power to the motors!if i plug the same motors on another receptacle they work.apart from that 2 of the legs that receive my hex motors are broken.i can still put the motor inside but as the receptacles cannot power the motors the hex is useless!to sum up 2 days after receiving i definitely don;t have a copter that anyone can fly!at fist i would like to know if you can do sth with the hexacopter and the board.can i do sth to fix the power problem?am i doing sth wrong with the quadcopter?the settings on the app about deadzone and so on what are they and where i can find some aid about that?2 different subjects that need urgent reply!i think i will ask for a refund,great idea not too good execution i must say.sorry guys.
well i finally got my hex. it flies great. ony problem is the little black base on the pottom of the motors pops right off. this has happened to three of my six motors and now i cant fly my hex. that sucks. i barely got to fly it. the first two times it happened i think the prop got stock and forced the motor barrel to spin this tangled the wires and caused the base plate to become dislodged. after this happened to me a second time i went to replace that motor with my last spare and before i could even put it into my frame the base plate just fell out. that is ridiculous. my once amazing hex is now a pile of crap im very sad as this product is amazing....
@dreadful. can you post an stl file of your newer frame please. it looks good.
i absolutely cannot get mine to fly well. the second the rotors start to spin it spins circles. i've updated it off the github and tried everything i can think of. the second it lifts off it starts spinning in circles and goes spiraling out of control. this thing is totally unusable as it is. i don't know if i got a dud or if the control on these things is just terrible.
@malte franken: maybe you can you add the immersive full-screen mode from android 4.x? today i nearly lost my copter by leaving the app because i hit accidently the home button. the copter flows over the next house and landed in the middle of the road. http://developer.android.com/training/system-ui/immersive.html thanks for your app changes! ulli (from germany)
the flexbot-wiki has moved to the official homepage: http://flexbot.cc/wiki/index.php… please use the new wiki, if you want to post links (e.g. http://flexbot.cc/wiki/index.php…)
@brent sagnotti - i reduced the sensitivity though the multiwii program. there's a couple of values next to two little line graphs in the program that you can modify. i forget what mine are set to, i think 30 for throttle and 40 or 50 for pitch/roll. i may post on the wiki a simple guide later tonight when i get home from work. @dave b - i redesigned the frame, almost from the ground up. i went though a few versions and finally settled on the one posted below. it's still not quite how i want it because the motor mounts pop off too easy. the arms are very strong because i could print them flat. i need to tweak the fit of the motor mounts and make the electronics frame more rigid. otherwise, i have yet to break my frame (other than when i dropped it while it was off -_-...). i could be because of practice though also, but i've hit enough things that i think mine might be at least slightly stronger.  http://www.gmaxprinter.com/forum/viewtopic.php…
@koen kooi how did it come out with 2 shells and 10%? do you happen to know the weight?  @benjamin is the thicker frame the one needed for the camera? even if it is, it seems like you could save weight by keeping the motor holder cut-outs on the side.  i agree with @brent sagnotti's comments on the files/parts.  i'd sure like to print something a little stronger than the frames that shipped, but ideally lighter than the 15g frame i printed yesterday (although i'll give it a try as it might make it a bit easier to fly).
@benjamin: yes, the article is written by me, with some help by malte. feel free to tell people about this article.
@benjamin: the wiki-pages were written by me.
@simon v: amazing job! did you write that? very appreciated!
@brent sagnotti: thanks! let me check that. sorry for brought you inconvenience.
@benjamin black: now you completely confused my with your post on the designs. could you please upload the stl files to github and clearly label and describe them - old/new, versions, capable of carrying camera or not, estimated weight, recommended material, etc.? thanks.
i received the flexbot but i broke most of the parts including the spare parts within a week while i was learning how to fly it without crashing it :( i think i mastered it now but now i have no more flexbot to fly with... also i will be receiving the cam module which has no use for me now :( you would think the propellors would break when you crash against a wall. but no, the bottom of the motors come off... this way i destroyed two motors. one of the spare motors i got doesn't have the correct color wires, so now it doesn't fly properly anymore. i would really like some new parts. heck, i could probably use an entirely new flexbot as the connectors on the board also snapped (i had to glue them back on, but now every once in a while it loses the power connection to the motor it is attached to)
cheers simon. much appreciated.
@frank: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/compiling_the_firmware
i would like to install the new firmware, but i am unable too as i am not familiar with the process on how this is done. is there a guide to take me through the process step by step or is anyone able to provide a detailed guide on how to go about this.
that .stl file (standerbody) is the same one on shapeways & thingiverse. what is different about it. the 3d printed frame that was mailed has cut outs on the motor mounts and us less bulky. where is that .stl?
@benjamin black: so you are saying that i have back the hex with the camera. but when the camera comes i need to print my own frame to carry it? that doesn't seem very fair and adds extra cost? will you replace one of my broken frames as it was broken in the box?
@dave b @tom mayor  so we just upload the old design file as you required. one thing, we changed the design because the old one can't carry the cam module. we recommend the new design. it's lighter and can fly longer when carry a cam. but anyway, here are the files you need https://www.dropbox.com/s/g09i7ouu59wd7ju/batteryholder.stl https://www.dropbox.com/s/obz32ihcvjz9f2e/case.stl https://www.dropbox.com/s/atsukej6yj23vbv/standerbody.stl
for all german-speaking users, here's an article containing some tips for beginners and help for the android development: http://www.android-user.de/aktuell/flexbot-multicopter-so-steuern-und-programmieren-sie-die-mini-drohne-per-android
@benjamin black: i still need to contact you somehow about a replacement frame as one of mine was broken when it arrived. how do i do this? what is your help contact or email??
i still need to contact you somehow about a replacement frame as one of mine was broken when it arrived. how do i do this? what is your help contact or email??
@stephen  thank you very much for your advice!
@dave b: i did the same yesterday albeit with 2 shells, 10%. i'm also wondering where i can find the stl for the hex version that shipped.
has anyone tried printing their own hex frame? one of mine arrived broken, and i got access to a makerbot replicator 2 today, so decided to have a go with the frame found on http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:274422. i printed in pla with 30% fill and 3 perimeters. i noticed with comparing to the one that arrived that the design posted is not the same as the ones that shipped. overall everything came out thicker and the cutouts in the motor holders are not in that design. my print weighed in at 15g and the one from the kit is 8g, so quite a difference.  i haven't had a chance to try it yet as the shipped battery holder also doesn't fit. so that leads to a couple of questions - 1) is the shipped design posted somewhere and if not can it be? 2) has anyone had success printing and using their own frame, and if so can you post the print device, materials, and settings?
@benjamin, well there's one problem, all six of my motors have blue/red wires. now, can i please get some personalised service since this is clearly not user error? email is best, and since you have mine and i can't find yours anywhere, you can get in touch with me. i'd also suggest that you include the diagram showing the difference between the motors in the package you send in further revisions, will make troubleshooting easier for both the customer, and here's where it's relevant for you, you.
hi @stephen there is a pic of the motors and props as instruction  http://www.flexbot.cc/static/faq.html hope it will be helpful. if you still not sure, you can send the pic of your flexbot to us. thanks for your support!
@dreadfull, how did you lower tube sensitivity? what part of the code did you modify?
@dreadful  yes! thanks! for who haven't  got the url of github https://github.com/hexairbot
looks like they've updated the firmware to fix the connection loss issue! i suggest everyone download the latest firmware and load it. it also solves the annoying hum and props spinning slowly while throttle is off. after reducing the control sensitivity, getting used to flying it, going through two frames, then redesigning and printing my own frame, i can honestly say that the copters have more potential than i initially gave it credit. true, this actually isn't "a copter that anyone can fly", but stick with it, order a couple frames from shapeways and practice! i'm actually pleased with the product, considering this was a product built by amateurs (no offence) in a start-up company. they made it hackable and upgradable for a reason, because they're not a huge company that spent a million dollars on r&d alone.
i still not getting mine? who i should asking for ?
selling my flexbot hexacopter (aerial photographer shell version): http://www.ebay.com/itm/new-flexbot-hexacopter-hex-aerial-photographer-shell-version-never-used-/231227669439
how the hell is anyone meant to contact you if there is no easily findable contact on flexbot.cc?! i'm incredibly unhappy with my flexbot and have tried a myriad of ways to make it work, even resorting to building a stand with spirit levels to ensure it's as flat as possible when plugging it in. i'd give the thing away for free if it wasn't such a lemon. could someone please get in touch with me so i can get some decent trouble shooting help besides "plug it in flat and put the motors in the right way" (how are we meant to check if they're not labelled anywhere besides the bag?! i'm positive i mounted them correctly, but there's no way to check), please?
in the app, when i scan for flexbots and find one, the name "flexbot" appears. where in the code can i change the name of the copter? i'd like to be able to easily distinguish one vs the other so multiple people don't try connecting to the same copter.
@juan: please see this link: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/spare_parts if you click on one of the links in the section "case", you will be directed to a site, which will allow you to purchase the parts in any material (even in stainless steel, but i think that should be too heavy for the copter to lift off).
someone knows where can i purchase the hexacopter fraame in other type of material or better design? thanks :d
i'm getting better with practise but seem to be making more adjustments to to power rather than the steering controls as it won't stay at the same height. it seems to fluctuate even though i keep the left trigger steady. it makes it near impossible to control because of this as you spend all your time adjusting the throttle rather than actually controlling movement. any tips on this at all? or anyone have a further updated source code?
i'm getting better with practise but seem to be making more adjustments to to power rather than the steering controls as it won't stay at the same height. it seems to fluctuate even though i keep the left trigger steady. it makes it near impossible to control because of this as you spend all your time adjusting the throttle rather than actually controlling movement. any tips on this at all? or anyone have a further updated source code?
@laurent ghirardotti - if the motors are spinning up when you increase the throttle but it's not flying, chances are the blades are blowing upwards pushing your copter into the ground, instead of downwards =). hold it in your hand while no throttle is engaged, but while the motors are humming and spinning slowly. you should be able to feel a slight breeze to which way it's blowing, or stop the props and tell which way their spinning. @connection loss issue - i can understand it going into "safe landing mode" upon connection loss. but, when it's already idle and loses connection, it shouldn't then try to "descend slowly" since it's already idle.  i guess word of warning to other people: "lock the copter before closing the app!" or  "unplug power before closing app!" also, i've noticed when i connected my flexbot via usb to reduce the sensitivity through multiwii (which worked, btw), i noticed that when i take my finger off the throttle, it increases the motors by 100 or 200. shouldn't it leave the motors where i released it? i'll have to find it in the app code i guess. i did turn on the altitude hold button, like someone mentioned in a previous post. but that's when i noticed when i let go of the throttle, the motors increased.
after days i have to say some things: 1. the hexacopter it's smaller than i thinked. 2. the camera module itsn't a good idea at now because it's hard to fly it, it fly fast and all can be solved if @benjamin black modify the app to make the copter stay in the air quietly when you leave the controllers and add a hold altitude button. 3. when you use the acc mode it works fine only a bit, then it's hard to use because of calibration. 4. the shell it's okay but can be more resistent by using acetona or something like that, i used superglue...
so yeah is already may and no dice, if you guys are having trouble i wouldnt mind a refund of the 174$ i paid
i think it was already asked, but i haven't found help... my hax propellers are running faster when i move the pad on the android app, but it doesn't fly at all. will it worked when batteries will be recharged ?
i backed this last year and expect to play this with my daughter in canada before she graduate this month.  omg, i still have nothing and no one send me any update and she is leaving canada this month, of course, she is graduated.
@malte franken : the app throttle only goes up to '1800', i wonder what happens when throttle really goes to 2000 :)
@malte franken : i agree with everything you said.  i think maybe just the 200 is the problem.  i've decided to bite the bullet and have reduced the 200 offset and reduced the 5 second spin time.  i've tested it with multiwii viewer and it works well.  just waiting to test it in real life. i felt that 200 was too high and 5 seconds too long. the first time i was using it i got a call (it goes into failsafe if the app is in the background but still connected) and my hex went up about 40 meters high and nearly 100m away (it got into some wind!). hopefully the reduced time and speed will allow it to 'fall with style' rather than increase in altitude.
@ronan: what makes you think that the minimum value of 1000 may be causing this problem? multiwii defines minimum throttle as 'the minimum value that allow motors to run at a idle speed'. so to avoid that your copter just drops out of the air in failsafe mode, the landing speed must be a value above the minimum throttle. btw: maximum throttle value is 2000. the flexbot developers decided to set that value to 1000 as it apparently depends on the motors used. for a better understanding of what's going on in failsafe mode i'd suggest to connect the copter via usb and use multiwii gui to monitor the throttle value when disconnecting the control app from the copter.
@arnewo: i did look at that wiki site and followed the description there. and that's when i received the error message posted below.
anyone notice much difference by changing the 'dead band' slider in the settings? i can't see any difference at all.
ok, 3 days and no answer about my shipping status. thats a little disappointing. guys i am waiting a long time to fly the flexbot so please give me an update!
@all on the 'full throttle on disconnect' -  i've had a look into the code (i have a basic understanding). in the 'failsafe' routine it is supposed to go a a 'landing speed'. it's defined as 'minimum' throttle plus 200. but the minimum is set at 1000. so that may be the problem. i haven't been brave enough to reduce the minimum to test!
how was it we went about contacting for replacement frames (to replace ones that were broken on delivery?)
i did an outdoor test last weekend.. well, i should have read the comments about "full throttle on disconnect" first... *waves goodbye to flexbot on a tree* :(
i always use the 'stop' button in the app before attempting to disconnect and it seems to have worked so far.
@arnewo  thanks a lot! did you build this wiki? we have started one but it need much work to do http://designmakeshare.cc/forum/help-us-to-build-the-wiki-page
i can confirm a previous comment where the throttle went full speed upon connection loss! i had (one again) broken an arm and had the copter upside down on my table. i canceled the app on my phone before unplugging the power. the copter went into hyper mode upside down and broke another arm! i didn't know what to do because i sure as hell didn't want to grab it! after about 10 seconds the throttle went to 0.  dangerous glitch! very dangerous! fix the app and the firmware!!!
i got it hooked up. instead of using a data usb cable was just using a power one.
@jens: when connecting the battery the copter needs to stand on a flat surface. and did you check rotor positions?
got mine. but it's unfortunately it is almost not controllable because it's rotating slightly. i updated the firmware to the latest version and did both types of calibration in the app. no success. and no idea how to fix it. sorry, but mine is not copter that anyone can fly!
@malte: did you select leonardo? http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/compiling_the_firmware
has anybody else had problems not having the board be recognized by their computer to be able to update the firmware? when i connect the board via usb the board lights up and blinks but it does not become recognized as a usb object in arduino. any thoughts?
@david rodriguez have a look further down at posts by malte.  he has a version that hovers when you release the sticks.  works a treat.
any way to get altitude hold on this baby? i.e., release throttle control and the quad/hex will maintain height. surely there is a way to code in this feature?
@gerhard have a look in the wiki found here: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/compiling_the_firmware
i tried to upload the firmware as described and receive the following errors. any ideas? found programmer: id = "b«Ù"; type =  software version = .; hardware version = . avrdude: error: buffered memory access not supported. maybe it isn't a butterfly/avr109 but a avr910 device? processing.app.debug.runnerexception 	at cc.arduino.packages.uploaders.serialuploader.uploadusingpreferences(serialuploader.java:125) 	at processing.app.sketch.upload(sketch.java:1719) 	at processing.app.sketch.exportapplet(sketch.java:1625) 	at processing.app.sketch.exportapplet(sketch.java:1597) 	at processing.app.editor$defaultexporthandler.run(editor.java:2397) 	at java.lang.thread.run(unknown source) caused by: processing.app.debug.runnerexception: problem uploading to board.  see http://www.arduino.cc/en/guide/troubleshooting#upload for suggestions. 	at cc.arduino.packages.uploader.executeuploadcommand(uploader.java:111) 	at cc.arduino.packages.uploaders.serialuploader.uploadusingpreferences(serialuploader.java:123) 	... 5 more
any update on the camera modules?
@malte - tried out the apk you posted, made a real difference to controlling the hexairbot.  thanks for putting in the work to do it.
i had the same problem, luckily i was flying inside so the hex hit the ceiling. i mentioned the problem in their forum http://makedesignshare.com/forum/firmware-question
will manidis: i noticed the same thing yesterday. in my case i was lucky in that i had picked up the copter and so was holding it in my hand. i simply closed the flexbot app and was very surprised that all of the motors immediately went to full throttle. that's about the worst behavior possible upon disconnection.
@will: head over here to look for spare motors: http://www.dx.com/p/jingxingda-385-005-motor-for-2-4ghz-six-axis-gyroscope-quadcopter-2-pcs-296472#.u2t71fl_vir the flexbot wiki recommends these. but since the flexbot shares some parts with the hubsan, you could try and search for a dealer in your country who offers spare parts.
finally got mine flying (hexcopter). it flies very well, it is certainly has a nicer decent then the wobble the hubsan gets. the only problem is the app locked up and closed and it full throttled into my stone wall, the frames shattered and one motor was split in half. while this can be expected i am still dissatisfied by the reasons behind the crash. i have been flying multi rotors for a while and this has been my first crash that wasn't user error, who decides a fall-safe to full throttle is a good idea? it would be nice to be able to buy a replacement motor from you, instead of a drop shipper, with the connections already soldiered. kind of disappointed in general, but i can't complain about how it flies, until it disconnects.
@all thanks guys so i will try to get ans2 in my hands. cheers
@simon: thanks for the clarification. if anyone had success connecting an samsung s2 please let me know. i have a friend with a samsung s2 but need to convince he needs android 4.3 on his device to test it. if i have success i will let you know.
@bernd if you installiert a custom rom, like simon said you should be able to use the s2. i'm using my s2 with cyanogenmod 11 to fly the flexbot.
@bernd: i don't think that "root only" will solve the problem. but since android supports bt 4.0 since android 4.3, a custom rom (which requires root) with android 4.3/4.4 on the galaxy s2 might indeed help.
i got a hint that a (rooted) galaxy s2 can be potentially used with a flexbot. can anyone confirm this? thanks in advance.
anyone get a hex to work with a nexus 7 (cyanogenmod 11?) the app opens (albeit crashes every few tries) but can't find the copter via bt ble. i can't find it with a bt scanner either. any suggestions?
@arnewo - there's a few free editors out there for modifying stl files. unfortunately, i haven't used any of them. i'm a mechanical designer by trade, so i have access to using solidworks. personally, i imported the stl files, then reconstructed them with features, the way sw builds things. this way i can directly modify each feature of the model. i've actually been designing my own frame. my comment a couple days ago about my copter spinning in circles, come to realize, was because my motor mounts were actually rubbing on the props, so it threw the torque out of whack. i fixed that issue and made the motor mounts, arms, and body snap together to make them easily replaceable/modifiable. my issue now is keeping the snap-together parts parallel enough to achieve even flights. i'm very close. i can just twist them back and forth to straighten them and it works pretty good. it still has a wide arc to it as it flies though.
@all if anyone is working on a new design file, i would recommend making the arms as long as possible to create more flying stability.
mine is flying, and i'm getting a little better with it. it's not easy at all to fly since it has a tendency to rotate, which quickly gets me confused about which direction is "forward". naturally, i've been crashing it quite often.  and so i'm just chewing through replacement frames - i haven't gotten 5 minutes of flight time out of any frame yet before cracking a prop pod. i've printed a full replacement in abs using the files i downloaded a few months ago (which don't seem to match the "official" standard frame on shapeways now?). the original frame was far too brittle and the pods shattered really quickly (frame that was shipped with kit: http://www.shapeways.com/model/1586499/standard-hex-body.html). the replacement frame i printed is a lot more sturdy but those pods are still really weak. has anyone hacked the standard frame design to make those pods stronger? i don't want to print a new frame every time i fly the thing.  i found only one alternative design: http://www.shapeways.com/model/1758126/mini-hex-custom-flexbot-shell-42-73-white-s-f.html  i'll try printing it out but it looks likely to be trouble. i like the blade guards but the base has some really steep angles that will likely be really hard to print.
right folks.  i updated as per this link  http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/compiling_the_firmware and now the thing is actually stable in take off! (after both types of calibration through the app) here is a video of how it should of been out of the box! https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/57549762/img_2954.mov i have since broken an arm so need to glue it before practising the steering! hope this helps and is of interest to you.
arnewo. you need some cad software. i'm not sure f there are any free ones as i use a system provided by my company. but you could use creo (pro/engineer). solidworks etc.
accoring to their facebook site they opened a forum http://makedesignshare.com/forum
@dreadful : how can you edit the stl files ?
i'm currently working on a new body design since i keep breaking my current one. i'm wondering how theoretically big of a copter this board can control. does it come down to how much amps can be pushed through to the motors?
@ronan: why not? the board is identical. maybe you'll need a longer lasting battery, but that's it.
@daniel einspanjer that's great thanks.  i think the problem was that it doesn't show the usb port until you have the board plugged in.  everything worked after i plugged it in.   on a separate note, can a quad board be flashed with the hex firmware to turn it into a hex bot with a printed hex frame??
@ronan burke  here are the steps i took as best as i can remember them: 1. downloaded and installed arduino ide beta 2. started the ide and opened the main ino file as instructed in the wiki 3. connected micro usb from laptop to hex that did not have a battery connected.  3a. a red led on the copter briefly flickered 3b. the "unknown keyboard" dialog appeared on my mbp.  i closed the dialog without doing anything.  4. from the tools menu, selected the board and programmer as instructed 5. from the tools menu, selected the /dev/tty.usbmodem1411 (arduino leonardo) device that was listed there. 6. hit the verify button.  it completed with a notice message about the size of the build. 7. hit the upload button. 7a. it verified/compiled again with the same message. 7b. it showed a "uploading..." label with a progress bar that almost instantly hit 90% and then stayed there for 5 to 10 seconds. 7c. the progress bar went away, but the uploading label did not and it stayed that way for over a minute. 8. i tried connecting and disconnecting the usb a few times but was not able to see any significant signs of a "good connection". 9. i eventually gave up and disconnected the usb and connected a battery to the copter. 10. powered up the copter and tried flying it.  verified that it was still using the quad firmware. 11. disconnected battery and reconnected usb to computer. 12. selected the same port again. 13. tried a verify and upload again. 13a. same progress bar behavior as before. 13b. this time, it quickly indicated the upload was successful. 14. flew it again and verified the firmware upload was successful.
selling my new (unused) flexbot hex (camera mount version) for anyone interested: http://m.ebay.com/itm…
@ronan had the same problem, but can't rememeber the exact solution ^^on osx, start the ide and then plug in the arduino/flexbot. if this doesn't work try plugging in the arduino/flexbot first and then start ide.
it arrived today xd
hi, the last update was titled 'shipping nearly complete' but i did'nt receive any email with a shipping status yet so where is my flexbot (backed the combo set)? has it still shipped?
@daniel einspanjer when i try to connect i only have bluetooth options.  how did you get the usb drivers for arduino ide on osx?
like some of the people below i was eager to get started and unpacked the motors and rotors before noticing they were actually numbered. it took me some time to figure out that the motors were equal but the rotors should be mounted in a specific order. however that particular order was difficult to find (some video on the hex page detailing the order) when nothing on the motors / rotors / body is numbered. as i had to disconnect the motors a couple of times, one of the connectors on the board broke off. i tried to solder it back in without luck. in the end i cut of the connector of the corresponding motor and soldered the wires directly onto the board. had i known that the motors were generic i wouldn't have bothered swapping out the motors, only the rotors. so in the production version i would make it very very very clear what the order of the motors / rotors is so things like this will not happen again.
stop creating forums please, there is a google site, two more forums and a facebook page, let the creators make an official forum :d my copter was shipped the april 21st and i still waiting for it in spain :( the tracking says "despatched to overseas" hope it arrive soon!!
got mine yesterday
brent. i was going to remove those 'wire guides' to stiffen the arms. i can always make the modified stl file available when i can.
@ednax: so after people setup and announced  the diydrones forum section, the multiwii forum, the g+ community and the google groups flexbot forum here you claim there's no forum and create your own? it seems the problem is that there are way too many fora for flexbot already!
unfortunately there is no forum to share information - kickstarter comments are unfit to do this!!! - this product could do so much better! i just created a freeware forum http://flexbot.forumprofi.de/index.php and will gradually add information i learned about the flexbot. feel free to use the forum to share your findings, so we all can have fun with this little toy :)
that's good of them! update your arduino firmware in the wait time!
i did hear back from flexbot, and they are going to replace the broken bodies. i just have to be patient a little while longer.
@jeffk did you update the firmware? i had the same problem because i updated it with the hex firmware and not the quad.
quad spinning...  in my case it has to do with the frame.  i was using the spidery/leggy frame.  when i switched to the flat simple frame it flew quite well.  a bit twitchy, but pretty stable.  i'll take a closer look at the leggy/spider frame to see if something is out of alignment.
anybody having a problem with the quad spinning? i just got it today, set it up and find the quad will hover, but it starts spinning fairly rapidly so i can't direct it anyplace, it just wobbles like crazy when i apply directional control.  that said it does hover, spinning away. i did plug in the quad on a level surface, also i tried calibrating the mag by rotating it 360 through all 3 axis (not sure how you confirm it is calibrated however) anybody have a thought on what's happening?
@brent thanks. unfortunately, in the area of rural alaska i'm in, 3d printers have  not appeared. the frames arrived so broken, superglue isn't an option. duct tape (the go-to fix in a jam) won't work either.
@gordon sorry to hear the broken news.. superglue is your best friend right now. do you have access to a 3d printer at all? @benjamin black - do you folks even care about us backers? where in the world are you people? hello? can we get some support/updates? tip: so your frames are breaking way to easily for most. can you fix the design .stl file to not have wire guides on the bottom bases? this should help stiffen up the arms a lot. secondly the .stl files you have up for the hexacopter are a different design than the frame you sent out? they have holes cut out of the motor mounts and different arms? where is that new .stl file? it would be nice to hear from you again about where the rest of things are at.
hi just posted to the forum as well (thanks brent). hi i know my mistake as i have not read closely enough what kind of bluetooth is required. now i cannot fly my flexbot as i do not have a bluetooth 4.0 device (smart bluetooth if i am not mistaken). it would be great to get an idea what is the cheapest relyable device to fly a flexbot currently at the market. if i am not mistaken in terms of ios an ipad mini or ipod touch (4th generation) or ipad (3rd generation) should be suitable. can anyone confirm this? and what is the cheapest (relyable) android device that is working with the flexbot? it would be great to create a list at the forum   https://groups.google.com/forum/m/… cheers and thanks in advance. thanks in advance.
received my flexbot today, and i was excited! that is, i was excited until i opened the box. both bodies of my flexbot (main and backup) were unusable. one was so obviously defective (2 motor pods missing), if there was any quality control, the person inspecting must have been blind. i went to the flexbot website, and there in the faq is a note that if the body or other parts were defective, to contact flexbot. surprisingly, the www.flexbot.cc site, has no contact information. so, now i have $150 of useless hardware :( i'm sure the team worked hard on this project, which is why receiving the kit in the shape i did is so puzzling to me.
i was able to use the arduino ide on osx to upload the firmware without a problem. notes for others: i did not have the battery connected, just the usb cable. i selected /dev/tty.usbmodem1411 (arduino leonardo) as the port (rather than /dev/cu.usbmodem1411 (arduino leonardo)) it got stuck at "uploading..." the first time, but i disconnected and hooked the battery up to test it then reconnected to computer and the upload worked the second try. omg the new firmware is better because no more whine and no idle rotor spinning.
@daniel einspanjer: the earlier hex frames did have the wire channels, the ones shipped in the box don't.
////////////////////////// since there is no proper forum yet i decided to create a flexbot google group forum. https://groups.google.com/forum/m/… post away and spread the word! ///////////////////////
kudos to tim for the helpful post about clockwise and counter-clockwise motors and props.  my order came with completely mixed-up motors and props (i know, because i took photos of them before i started). the manual needs significant improvement, but moreso than that, they really just need to label everything.  the chassis was not labeled as mentioned in the manual.  the motors are not properly labeled clockwise/counter-clockwise, and neither are the props.
got my hex with the fpv kit today.  i followed the instructions on setup, and i was able to fly it somewhat, but it appears mine is one of the hexes shipped with quad firmware, so the middle two rotors are not spinning, and it was constantly yawing clockwise when throttled up.  i haven't tried taking it out of beginner mode yet since i'm going to have to try to compile and update the firmware first. i also made a very stupid mistake and connected the spare battery to one of my e-flite chargers before i started setting up the hex.  turns out the connector i thought was the charger connecter was actually the power connector, and i think it melted my charger while i was searching for the ac power cord for it.  burning plastic smell and very hot.  i imagine it might have ruined the battery too, but i haven't checked yet. i was very cautious with the frame and haven't broken it in my few short flights. the installation instructions mention in step for: "press the wires coming from each motor into the small indentation along the bottom of the "arm" of the frame".  i couldn't figure out what indentation they might be speaking of there.  the arms all look uniformly flat on the bottom.  currently, my wires are just dangling out of the bottom of each motor socket and threaded through the v of the arm and up to the circuit board where they plug in.
@michael: the resistors are needed, no way to do it in software currently :(
@benjamin black!!!  the website is in desperate need of an update.  and please create a forum for everyone to use.  i think it would be beneficial for the company to organize all of this.  please give us structure to allow for a strong community to make the copters better than ever!  i know wordpress (your current site runs on this) has options to make a forum, online store, etc. all possible!
once again, we need a forum!!!
@michael afaik solidworks can open the file but you can edit it
@arnewo  i am pretty sure you will need some cad program.  i know solidworks saves as an stl but i think there is a way to use google sketchup (free and simple to learn) to create and save a design.  i am pretty sure you will need to convert the files to make it printable!
@koen kooi is there any possibility that there will be battery status with just a software update in the future?  or are the resistors mandatory?! since you obviously have a very good understanding for the software and circuitry, do you know of any other ways to control the copter?  other apps, or computer software?
how can i edit the stl files and create a new model?
battery monitor is working: https://plus.google.com/100242854243155306943/posts/3nzri3e2277
no, there isn't. there's only a small community on google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/107364751192727757284
thanks for the response simon v. i'll give it a go. is there any proper forum yet anywhere?
@matt: if two motors on the hex board aren't powered, you maybe have the quad software on the hex board. just update your hex boards firmware: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/compiling_the_firmware
so disappointed. tried flying the quad first and it is now knackered, dodgy connection on the circuit board to one of the motors. i just assembled the hex and ports 3 and 6 won't power the motors. can't even fly it! ahhhh!!!
@tom @ gerhard: itunes store says "fixed some spell bugs.", too (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/hex-mini/id659220196…).
@malte thanks for positing the new apps.  i'll try them out tonight.
my app updated a few days ago and says 'fixed some spell bugs' so don't know what that means. might aswell be in chinese...
haha gerhard. not very useful is it! hopefully it says. updated the app to now allow hex to actually be able to fly properly!
got my hex combo w/o camera yet.. my android device are all 4.2.2 even they said its bt 4.0 compatible, seems like none will update to 4.3 or even 4.4.. will my hex will sit fr long time..
finally got mine :/
seems there is a new flexbot app for ios available in the app store (v 1.0.1). when i click on "new functions" i only can see chinese letters. can anyone who can read chinese enlighten us?
@dreadful: are all the motors in the right place?
so i broke my frame one too many times and decided to print myself a new one. mine ended up about 3g heavier. when i got everything reassembled and tried to fly it, it lifted off without hesitation but it just spun in a circle.  i've been trying to keep up with all of the comments here, so if it's been answered then i apologize. but, how do i resolve this? all motors are getting power. maybe my frame isn't perfectly parallel? i figured that'd be a benefit to a multi-copter is they wouldn't have to be perfect.
can i find out where i am in the que?
how do i cancel my order?
ah! you also have to hold your finger on the screen too then it works. thanks.
@brent: just enable "acc mode" in settings.
how do i control the quad with my smartphone accelerometer? shouldn't i be able to tilt my phone in the direction i want it to fly?
ps forgot to say that the plug for the charger does not fit in australia ... so not happy
great got my flexbot finally (no camera yet) and just found out after digging through the forums/webpages (a bit of a mess if you ask me) that my iphone 4 is not compatible. sure my fault but they could have written: does only work with iphone 4s or higher instead they wrote: hex uses bluetooth 4.0 since this communication protocol is available in most modern mobile devices. bluetooth 4.0 provides hex with efficient long distance communication. that is disappointing and lame. once i get my camera i have two pieces lying useless around....
@drake: for spare parts look here: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/spare_parts i don't know the exact reason for android 4.3/4.4, but i guess it's the support of bluetooth 4.0.
last (for now).  will there be a parts store?  and can you point us to the connectors used (for modifications)
oh, programatically, can you reset the orientation stuff?  i find it hard to plug in the battery while it's sitting down.  i would love the ability to press a button and have it re-setup the level settings.
i'm a bit concerned with android 4.3/4.4 requirement.  i have over 10 android devices in the house, (5 purchased in the last year) and only one device that has support.  i'm guessing a lot of people found out they just spent a lot + a long time for something they can't use, without any warnings on the kickstarter page. was there a reason for the 4.3 requirement?  is it the bluetooth issues only? i see a place to compile the firmware.  will there be binaries distributed for those who aren't interested in arduino development? i'm hoping to jump in android development at some point, but not until the video boards are available.  it seems like it will need some patch releases to be functional still.
@simon v: yes, for me hovering is also not exactly working as expected. you can contact me for example through facebook (full name) or twitter (@exxamalte) for e-mail address exchange, and then we'll take it from there.
so now that i have had the device for a few days it is time for me to put some logical ideas together into a review/ critique that hopefully finds it's way to the creators!  to all the people that instantly bashed the product and complained, it takes some time to get used to at first and i also view myself as a beta tester for a constantly developing product! i am happy to say that the expensive part, the board, seems to have the hardware needed to support a very good copter in the future.  logically, with the sensors, leds, speaker, and video chip at the developers' fingertips, within time, a good program will be available on many platforms to control the copters how you please.  this fact comforts me on some of the lacking areas. it does appear that the 3d printed body is very flimsy and without a steady flow of superglue, flying time is limited.  i was breaking the hex frame when getting the motors in place.  injection mold would have been a better choice.  i am personally considering some designs with carbon fiber to once and for all end the dreaded breaks, the battery falling out, etc.  a better body could make this light weight copter mostly indestructible! (and therefore protect the motors, and chip a little better) as for controller software, there are lots of places for improvement.  i think it is easy to agree that the software needs more settings to allow for easy adjustments of sensitivity, added battery indicator, added functionality for saving different copters and their settings.  it appears that the connectivity is pretty quick and other than confusion when multiple copters are available to connect, pretty simple.  i would like to plea to the developers for extended support on other operating systems, such as the windows store, and maybe a computer program for laptops with bluetooth to control the copter from a more drone based approach.  (move up 3 feet, right 3 feet, rotate 90 degrees, etc.)  this will allow for the camera feature to be a lot smoother and logical! when it comes to the on board software, my hex was loaded with the quad program.  it was a bit of a complicated process to get the new program on.  i know the technology is there, and it seems like it would be possible to provide an alternative method than basic coding.  flex bot could create their own program that when opened and connected (via usb) to the computer would be modifiable with a nice visual interface. one big problem i noticed, and i don't know if this is the on board program or the controller program, is cutouts and freezes of controller positions.  i had my throttle stuck on almost full for about 5 seconds which was quite scary.  watching and expensive little drone fly away into trees wasn't fun.  but i am concerned on this as to why!  the throttle has also been stuck on mid to low level just hovering on the ground (not quite taking off) and the app appears not to connect.  another thing i noticed was that after a few hard landings (or crashes) the copter would not turn on although it was connected.  i had to reboot the app for it to work again.  one last problem with connectivity was stray signals that turned the copter on when it was idling and the phone was untouched. overall, the project needs a lot of work, but isn't that somewhat expected.  the good thing is we all have working chips that over time will get better and better.  open source is a nice thing!  become a beta tester and report problems, suggest things, and if you know how to make things better, experiment. i personally will be getting to the drawings boards for a better frame pretty soon! that is my two cents.
@malte: thank you for posting the app. tested it yesterday: works fine so far and i like the countdown timer. hovering doesn't work as good as expected, maybe it needs some fine tuning.  by the way: is there any way to contact you (via email, facebook, twitter, googe+)? a german magazine asked me to write a short article about flexbot and if you agree i'd like to mention your updated version of the app.
i love it!  thank you!  for the first two weeks i couldn't get it to fly at all, it kept flipping upside down.  then someone posted here that the bot needs to remain level when powered on for self calibration.  ever since then i've been flying like a pro.  i can't wait until all the back orders are filled so that i can order more!  does anyone want to sell me their kits?  message me.
is there an email where w can reach the flexbot team or anyone concerning a problem?
wow they finally arrived today. hex and quad. now i see why everyone is complaining about the frame breaking. the 3d printed frame has hardly any infill and only single layer shell settings and not much overlapping. i'll have to print a better frame for sure before i test these out. maybe even try some carbon fiber pla filament. packaging looks nice. any camera updates? when do those ship and where is it at in spec?
hot to flash new firmware: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_compile what is yaw http://tinyurl.com/ljq9r4o
i received my tracking mail the 21st of april and still waiting, as i see there is a person that received the mail the 28t and he have the copter a week after that... i'm nervous :( xd i see a lot of comments of yaw settings and ardruino ide and upload and flash a new firmware but i don't know what is yaw and how to flash a new firmware :s in the tracking website still saying "dispatched to overseas (country es)" as i think it's coming xd
i finally got it to work. windows was not identifying flexbot, and so i had to install the driver manually. after that it worked fine. thanks everyone for your help
@rabie i got the same error too, then i unplugged and replugging the microusb and tried to verify and upload. it worked for me.
@rabie: which arduino ide version do you use? what settings did you set in the ide? please tell us every step, you did to get this error.
does the hex have a support team?  i've emailed them repeatedly and haven't received a reply!  this company is absurd.
@dennis - i have done the same thing over and over again 5 times, and i still get the same error. this is the error i get: found programmer: id = "b¨  "; type = software version = . ; hardware version = avrdude: error: buffered memory access not supported. maybe it isn't a butterfly/avr109 but a avr910 device? processing.app.debug.runnerexception 	at cc.arduino.packages.uploaders.serialuploader.uploadusingpreferences(serialuploader.java:125) 	at processing.app.sketch.upload(sketch.java:1719) 	at processing.app.sketch.exportapplet(sketch.java:1625) 	at processing.app.sketch.exportapplet(sketch.java:1597) 	at processing.app.editor$defaultexporthandler.run(editor.java:2397) 	at java.lang.thread.run(unknown source) caused by: processing.app.debug.runnerexception: problem uploading to board.  see http://www.arduino.cc/en/guide/troubleshooting#upload for suggestions. 	at cc.arduino.packages.uploader.executeuploadcommand(uploader.java:111) 	at cc.arduino.packages.uploaders.serialuploader.uploadusingpreferences(serialuploader.java:123) 	... 5 more
hey there, i just got mine today but it would only spin 2 to 3 of the 6 motors even on full throttle. does anyone have a clue what this might be?
@matt dadley: i have as well one port which is not working anymore. i can see on the print that t5 has some white powder, like chalk on the surface. in my case it is broken and forms a shortcut which then powers the motor as long as the battery is connected. maybe it is the same in your case.
guide, how to compile the android app added to the wiki: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_compile
anyone can confirm that this battery will work in a flexbot: http://www.ebay.de/itm/1x-upgraded-25c-3-7v-1s-500mah-lipo-akku-battery-hubsan-h107-x4-walkera-ladybird-/181336282438… ?
so when can i expect to see my hex aerial photographer set???????
btw, when will wifi camera final version release and ship?
wishes for the (iphone) app: 1. make yaw control optionally available in beginners mode, so combine low stick sensibility with the ability to rotate. 2. when the iphone is switched off with the top button while the app is running, all motors go to full power. ouch..
@rabie najia - you only need a micro usb cable between your computer and flexbot and select at your arduino ide the right com and board (arduino leonardo). push verifiy and upload, thats works for me! what kind of error do you get?
received a tracking# on 4-21-14 still waiting for copters to arrive in oregon.
@simon v thanks for the hint to the adapter that can be used on the high voltage side of the transformer. nevertheless, i would prefer to use the small adafruit chargers on a usb hub as with 4 cheap chargers i can charge the batteries of my quad and hex all at once. any ideas on the plug specification of the flexbot batteries?
@malte: thank you very much! i'm gonna test the app this evening.
@kai - i did select the correct programmer, i followed the instruction on http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_compile but it's still giving me an error. i don't know why my hex board didn't come with the correct firmware or why the firmware update is not made much simpler. now i'm stuck with just 4 motors working on my hex because i can't manage to update the firmware.
hi i was wondering if it is ok/normal that i have yet to receive my copter.  should i be worried?
here's my down and dirty troubleshooting guide for all of you having issues with your quadcopters/hexcopters. mine personally was doing nothing but sliding along the floor, and no amount of calibration fixed the issues. let's first look at the hardware. if you assembled your copter according to the directions, you should have two orange propellers in the front, two black propellers in the back, and if you have a hexcopter, you'll have two more black propellers on the sides. each of the pairs of propellers rotates in opposite directions, i.e. one side will rotate clockwise, the other will rotate clockwise. for this to generate lift, your propeller blades must be on in the correct place, and the blade itself must be the correct blade. for clockwise spinning props, the blade should be high in the top right and bottom left. for counterclockwise spinning props, the blade should be high in the top left and the bottom right. on my hexcopter, motors 2, 4, and 6 all rotate clockwise, and thus should have blades with the high side on the top right. motors 1, 3, and 5 are opposite this. in my case, the motor bagged number 6 came with the incorrect propeller (i have yet to inquire of flexbot of getting a replacement). with the motor spinning clockwise, this prop would create downwards force instead of upwards force. i replaced it with one of the spare propellers of the correct orientation (now i have two spare propellers for counter-clockwise orientation, hopefully it's one of them that breaks first), and now the copter is operating decently. after you have ensured your propellers are correct, you might also check the motor wiring. when looking down onto the circuit board, the red motor wire should be on the right going into the connector, the black/blue should be on the left. i didn't have any issues with this, but it is worth checking if you know your propellers are correct. the next step is to calibrate the copter in the software. when you plug in the battery, keep the copter on a flat surface, and try to keep it flat. open up the app on your phone, and connect to your copter. click the settings tab. with the copter on a flat surface, click calibrate acc. it'll take just a couple seconds (the red light will come on) and this will be done. you can also adjust the mag calibration too. press the calibrate mag button, and pick up your copter, and move it about in all directions, flip it upside down, spin it around, etc. you'll have about 30 seconds to rotate it through everywhere. once all of this is completed, you should be closer to having a working copter. especially for those of you that can't get yours to lift off the ground without scooting sideways, double check those propellers. the documentation is somewhat poor on what the orientation should be, and even if you did put the right props on from the bags they gave, they may have given you an incorrect propeller in one of the bags. if you plug in the battery without connecting the copter to the phone, it seems that the props will spin slowly (some may need a little tap to get going), and you can use this to determine which direction they are spinning if you are unsure, and match that to the above propeller type. these things are just like your fans at home. if the motor is turning, the propeller should be blowing air downwards, not upwards. if it would be blowing air upwards, that motor has the wrong propeller type on it. hope this helps!
@david mackenzie, @simon v: i made some changes to the android app, one of which based on what arne suggested earlier to let the copter hover when releasing the throttle joystick. you can find the apks on dropbox: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/09fe6k55id9ln5i/toieh1dnbs, please check the readme.txt for more details on which apk contains what changes. let me know what you think of the apps.
please can someone help with advice. we had a little crash with our quad and now one of the motors keeps on running at full rev and is uncontrollable.  the other 3 motors i can control, rev up and down, but the 4th motor just revs flat out.
@christian riede: i bougth this adapter on amazon, will arrive tomorrow: http://www.amazon.de/gp/product/b00fa0t862/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00…
i get a message that states: error during app analisys...
how can i fix a broken hex arm? superglue won't work.
hi, i can't install the app on sgs 4 mini? does anyone know why? i'm in mexico...
@rabie  you need to select the correct programmer in the arduino ide. for me it was the usb tiny (cant remember the correct name - just try).
never mind about the 3d files--i found the .stl files on shapeways via the wikia page. i still have the one question about any help from experienced fliers as far as controlling it.  thanks!
as the included mains adapter does not work in europe, i tried it with the adafruit micro lipo - usb liion/lipoly charger. unfortunately, the plugs used by adafruit are not the same as on the hexbot batteries. so, to make an adapter, what is the exact specification of the hexbot battery plugs? where can i get the plugs or even a complete adapter cable to the plugs used by adafruit which is 2-pin jst.
also, are the 3d files for printing the plastic parts still available?  just in case? :-)
i got mine, and it's pretty cool.  at first it would just skitter off to one side, but, once i found out that it has to be on a level surface when you plug in the battery because this is how it determines what "level" is (this seems to be the most important single instruction), i have been able to fly it more or less under some degree of control--at least up and then landing without wrecking it.  i would like to do more, however.  are there any tips or instructional videos for maneuvering it?  or is it just a matter of practice? thanks!
@arne: i'd like so see an installable version (.apk) of your updated app :)
@rabie najia - please check the settings at your arduino ide! check that you using the right com port and the board for flexbot is arduino leonardo!
@dennis - after putting all the files in the folder, i started getting this message after uploading "buffered memory access not supported. maybe it isn't a butterfly/avr109 but a avr910 device?", any ideas?
@rabie najia - vbatnominal is defined in config.h, did you missing this file in your arduino folder?
@arne - with your updated version of the android app, any chance of releasing it so others can take advantage of the hover control?
both my frames arrived broken. anyone have the email address for the company to get a replacement? the faq says to email them but cant find the address on the faq or website.
3d print suggestions. best material? pla/abs (i am thinking of trying a flexible material i have). best settings? layer height, shells, etc? made one of abs - works ok but could be better. what did the factory use? thanks
@dennis - after following the steps, it says "vbatnominal was not declared in this scope" and it doesn't upload. any advise?
@rabie najia - you have the quad software installed on your pcb. try to update to the hex software version! (http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_compile) i had the same problem at the beginning.
hi, i just received my flexbot. after following all the steps, two of the motor ports on the pcb are not working. i tried to switch motors to see if the problem was actually from the motor, but it wasn't. any motor connected to these two particular motor ports on the pcb are not working. honestly, i'm really disappointed. i didn't even get to fly it. please get back to me for a solution. thanks
hi, just fyi: my hex crazy-flying set arrived today (in germany). i have received my tracking notification‏ on april 28th, so the delivery took about one week - which is amazingly good.
application requests: i have an htc phone that has only one downfall, it has bluetooth 3.0...  but i have a windows tablet with plenty of computing power and bluetooth 4.0.  i would really like to see a windows version soon.  or something compatible with bluestacks (an android emulator) the problem is that bluestacks currently uses android 4.0.  why does the app have to be so limited to be 4.3 or 4.4. note to the developers.  you will sell more product it you an appeal to a larger crowd.
as i see in the ios appstore there is an port of multiwii gui, anyone can try it? and i ask to @benjamin black if he can update the flexbot app and make available a "altitude hold" button :d
i don't know what most of you are complaining about, i assembled 2 copters in under an hour and they both flew first time: http://goo.gl/q3uj30 of course i had my share of crashes too, mostly trying to do 'stunts' but the hexacopter never broke http://goo.gl/ei0mzf
i mean advice :)
please can someone help with advise. had a little crash with my quad and now one of the motors keeps on running at full rev and is uncontrollable.  the other 3 motors i can control, rev up and down, but the 4th motor just revs flat out.
this project is truly disappointing. im not even talking about how bad the control is (and it is bad, cheapest toy multicopter fly better) but 3d printing a multicopter was obviously a wrong decision. the hexacopter frame is too fragile, mine broke after crushing into my bed... the quadrocopter frame is at least better, but now my camera module will be useless unless i get another frame. but why even thinking of adding cameras and stuff if the basics dont even work as they should?! hex (or flexbot) is a perfect example why you should be very careful with crowdfunding...
got mine yesterday and everything looked good.  was pretty straight forward to put together.  struggled to get my phone to connect to it though (samsung galaxy note 2 with android 4.3).  it looks like it will only connect once, and then after that i have to reboot my phone?  if i restart my phone it lets me connect again and things are fine.  it's definitely tough to fly, i tried the first few times indoors, but there's not enough space to actually control it before it drifts into something (if there were finer controls this might be possible).  but i just took it outside on a fairly windy day (10-15 mph) and it flies much better than i expected!  had quite a bit of fun with it!  now if only i could figure out how to fly it each time without rebooting my phone...
@sergio - thanks for the tip! switched the rotors after paying attention to the cables and matched it up again with the diagram, and now it's spinning correctly! and it will hover... learning to fly it seems like the next challenge. my first flight ended with the flexbot attacking me...
a copter anyone can fly? bs biggest waste of money.  difficult to fly. break easily. very frustrating.
@koen: wow, sounds great. thanks for the hint :) if you find the time, please feel free to add a tutorial on how to use this firmware on our copters to the wiki.
@kroegerama: i'm using a multiwii 2.3 based fimware instead of the supplied 2.2 one, it's much much smaller. see https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware
@koen: if you set "#define vbat", the compiled firmware will get too large for the controller.
@kai laborenz: that trick only works if the vcc pin of the 32u4 (not to be confused with the pin labeled 'vcc' on the board) is connected to the battery, which isn't the case on the flexbot, it's connected to the ltc3200 chargepump output, so vcc is always 5v, unless the battery drops beneath 2.5v. you can add a battery monitor yourself by soldering 2 resistors between gnd, a4 and vcc and uncommenting '#define vbat' in config.h. i haven't calculated the values for the resistors yet, but i plan to do that after i receive my flexbots, which should be next week according to the tracker.
@arnewo: good to hear that you got it working. i gave it a try and implemented the little change as suggested by arne. i changed the behaviour only in beginners mode, and it works, however my copter is not really hovering smoothly (change: https://github.com/exxamalte/hexnanocontroller_android/commit/49ad8157f24ee10d489740076a4063ab58bd136b). also, there is still a little side effect in the code that i still have to chase. anyways, the app also contains a hover button, it's just not visible by default (cp. altholdtogglebtn.setvisible(false) - comment this line out and the button appears on the top left). and to be honest i found it pretty hard to press that button while using both joysticks.
@benjamin black some suggestions after playing two days with my copter: 1. add a battery warning with atmega chips it is possible measure the vcc voltage (http://provideyourown.com/2012/secret-arduino-voltmeter-measure-battery-voltage/). so it would be easy to have a soft warning (when voltage is low) and a hard warning (after 6 mins) - signaled at the copter (like blinking front leds) and/or the controller. 2. make the steering less sensitive or - even better - give an easy option to tweak it.  3. enable yaw control for beginner mode (at least as an option) 4. provide additional buttons on smartphone app for auxiliary use - at least for the iphone app (because updating iphone apps takes time). 5. supply a forum and a wiki for all the usefull tipps already burried in this thread... thanks, kai
new page in the flexbot wiki: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/hardware_overview
some vids from my first flight experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
ok, got help from a friend. nice work malte! now someone should combine your work with the one from arne https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1387330585/hex-a-copter-that-anyone-can-fly/comments…
got some errors : error:(9, 20) java: package com.dd.plist does not exist error:(10, 20) java: package com.dd.plist does not exist error:(11, 20) java: package com.dd.plist does not exist error:(12, 20) java: package com.dd.plist does not exist error:(32, 17) java: cannot find symbol   symbol:   class nsdictionary   location: class com.hexairbot.hexmini.modal.applicationsettings i never created anything for android.
@malte thx for the guide, but i could not compile it. could you just upload the apk somewhere?
*correction* my nexus 4 runs android 4.4
my quad connects fine with the app(nexus 4(4.2))and and the motors stays at slow speed when i connect the board with the battery. when i try to turn up the throttle, the motors speed increases for a second and all of it snaps and stops.  haven't got a single flight out of it.
@koenkooi  @dennis grossmann  thanks a lot and we just updated the faq page http://www.flexbot.cc/static/faq.html hope this will be helpful for you all.
@sergio daniels: t5 is the mosfet driving the #5 motor, the schematics say it's a irlml2502
@sergio daniels http://bit.ly/1hoiouk hope that link helps you!
ok so i was trying to troubleshoot whats wrong with my copter (rotors click and stop spinning as soon as i turn up throttle) and noticed that when i have the usb and battery connected the copter works fine (just unflyable because of the cable weighing down one side), it also works with the usb only but then doesnt have enough power. could there be a problem with the board's power management?
could not find the stl for the quad. could someone post the link?
@rachel when i had motor 3 and 5 at the wrong position (cable red/blue, black/blue) then the motors were spinning wrongly.
received my quad, quickly assembled it and tried the first flight. was disappointed, this thing doesn't hold bearing drifts all around and smashes into the walls. veers off sharply to the back and never ever flew straight up after throttle up.
@sergio, t5 and t6 appear to be the same part : gcf3n
scratch that, single motor only works maybe 1 in 10 tried after pulling the power.    bluetooth will link every time and red led stays lit with zero motors plugged in.   of course, that doesn't do much good. @koene @arne, i have no idea what you're referring to.  if i asked about that, i don't recall.  sorry.
odd thing.  completely disassembled, and the board links through bluetooth fine.  red status light solid.   connect any one motor and it works.  connect more than one motor, bluetooth link status light goes out as soon as you give it throttle.
i finally got around to assembling my flexbot, and i'm having trouble getting it to actually fly. based on the diagram listed here http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/assembly_(hexcopter)… , two of the rotors are spinning the wrong direction (5/6 spin clockwise). has anyone else had this issue? how can i resolve this?
both of the pcb covers cracked and my frame came cracked. is there any way i can get a replacement for these? i have the hexacopter frame.
damn, t5 burned! what is element t5 on the circuit. i has some white chalk like powder on the surface. i think that was it. is the circuit scheme somewhere available? i think on t6 element on the circuit which looks similar its written gcf 3n or ccf 3n
really having remorse for not buying the basic version; i backed the camera version. the lack of instructions and directions makes it near impossible for the novice to operate this thing without breaking it, crashing it, or going absolutely mad. setup was easy but flying it and trying to calibrate it? i don't even know where to start!
i replaced to broken motor with one of the spare ones. but when i connect the battery, just this motor starts to spin slow but steady. when trying to fly the copter rotates in one direction. i think because this motor keeps this slow initial speed. is the output to this motor broken? if i connect another motor to this port. the same thing happen. could it be that the circuit is already burned? nothing special happened during flying.
thanks ken and phillip. i was able to fix the propellers direction after using the picture. now i can fly without any problem but it takes time to learn how to balance the copter. i also experienced issue with connection using samsung note2. i have to disable/enable the bluetooth on phone.
i received my flexbots, but one of the copters (the one with the spider legs) doesn't seem to be cut right. i'm unable to snap in two of the legs and i don't want to force it in fear of breaking the frames or the legs. i put together another one, but i'm completely unable to make it fly. i'm pretty sure i connected the motors and propellors correctly, but there aren't any numbers listed on the propellors and motors and i couldn't find any numbers on the board. so it's possible i connected them incorrectly. i'll keep playing around, but so far this has not been a good experience.
today i managed to fly the copter but it is awful calibrated and i'm not able to calibrate it with the software. after 5 charges one motor burned down :-(.  i saw the link to the motors without the connectors. does anybody know what type of connectors these are, and where to buy?
here a little assembly video from my hex: https://www.youtube.com/watch… . tomorrow i will post some first flight footage.
parveen, did you go to the wiki? it has a great picture that shows the setup. my kit had an envelope with 2 motors and two ornage props but these motors were not for the #1 and # 2 position. strange. the little envelopes are marked with the numbers on them and are correct. the motors with red/black wires have to go to the 4 and 5 position. this pic really helps http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/assembly_(hexcopter)… hope that helps you, it does fly good - just get it up about a foot or so to get out of ground effect.
court, my red one was broken too :-( i was able to glue the blue one and it flies well. i thought we were supposed to get a spare propeller set too? i got two spare orange ones only. anyone else? i am printing a new body now, lets see how it comes out....
i got mine today and still not able to make it fly. i see numbers on black propellers are 1 and orange ones are number 1 and 2. can anyone help how to place the propellers in order? right now it do not fly just make noise with propellers are moving with full speed.
i received my flexbot today. i immediately dumped all the parts out (followed by immediately regretting it). i then spent 2 hours reverse engineering each motor and its location. after much frustration  it was complete and working. first flight went fine, up down nothing crazy. second flight things got a little crazy. the app didn't respond for about 10 seconds, then all of a sudden it took off at max speed straight into a wall. well looks like i will be looking to buy a new board as i can no longer connect to it.
@ken.  my frame was blue and was also broken... wonder if there's a correlation.
@arnewo: how to get the android app onto your phone? well, many ways lead to rome, so here are my favourite but brief instructions: * install intellij idea * install android sdk and from within android sdk manager also download the android 4.3 or 4.4 platform tools (depending on your target device) * from idea, checkout hexnanocontroller_android repository from github * configure android sdk in idea * configure project after checkout, i.e. select android sdk, add the libraries from the project's lib directory * make project * if everything works fine your apk file will be bin/classes/hexmini.apk * connect your phone via usb cable * configure your phone to allow for usb debugging * now use adb command (from android sdk) to upload and install the apk to your phone: adb install -r hexmini.apk * and off you go with your custom android app i tested this on mac os x with a nexus 5, but in principle this should also work on other operating system and with other android devices.
received mine today (nrw, germany). after the first shock - us plug doesn't fit in german plugs - i'm really surprised and happy with the quadcopter. thanks to everbody who posted instructions of the assembly i got it to work immediately. while i'm typing the charger is busy working on the next flights ^^ spare parts (propeller, battery, motors) are already ordered since they'll take some time to arrive in germany.
hi! i received my hexacopter but no wifi camera module, whilst i did fund the photographer set. what's the status on the wifi cam?.
just got mine.  both frames are broken!  the blue one has a motor mount snapped off (trying to glue) - no problem - i will use the second red frame - that is broken too :-( a mount is also snapped off and crushed.  ugh! i assume i can get the .stl files somewhere and print a new one on my trusty printer? i will look for the files in the wiki.....
got mine today and i love it!  i only wish i had gotten the camera version, but believe me when they go on sale i'll be getting another one, or two or three! instructions were great, and i got it put together and flying quick. very stable, but i fly lots of rc and quads already. can't wait to switch to expert mode and really push it. you guys did an awesome job!!!!! one of my favorite kick starters!
@kroegerama - thanks for the wiki.  i followed the instructions on loading the hex software, and it now seems easier to control.  not perfect yet, but a bit smoother.  i'm hoping someone will now be able to fine tune the software so that the controls are less sensitive.
hi everybody! i got mine flexbot today. wanted to get some feedback. packaging was ok. i received all the parts with no problem. only annoyance was the us plug charger that i can't use here in germany. but i solved that problem by using an adapter. after assembling and charging the battery and installing the andorid app on my galaxy note 3 i finally connected battery to the power connector of the board. after that i tried to fly it and it was almost impossible. copter won't hover, it has light tendency to drift to one side. i then calibrated accelerometer and magnetometer after that it was slightly better. than i tried to trim the controls and that made it little bit better, but it still is too unstable. the controls are to sensitive and unpredictable sometimes it takes long for the controls to react sometimes they react too fast.  this app and flight software need some work to make them more stable and smoother to operate. for me it seems like the software is made for a copter that is bigger and so much more inert than this agile micro quad. i would give it 55% satisfactory percentage. it is not a copter anyone can fly, but it flies at least. if the software gets improved over time i would give it higher score accordingly.
i created a special wiki for the flexbot and already created some pages in it. please share it and add pages as you like: http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/ http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/spare_parts http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/assembly_(hexcopter) http://flexbot.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_compile
got mine! one of the motor mounts had a crack in it before i even assembled it, so i may want to contact the creators about it but i still got the motor in. set up was a breeze.  flying it as a newbie however, not so much.  i knew it was sensitive and expected it but i can't keep it flat in the air for long.... can anyone answer what side on a six motor flexbot is the front?
thanks for this great copter. i have the big version and it flies pretty good outside. it needs some time to get the feeling for the control, but then it's a lot of fun. you did a great job! however, why do you guys (flexbot-team) haven't created a forum already? the people here have great ideas and tips but we need to scroll through nearly 1500 comments to get these useful information. i think also other people are interested to create apps for flexbot. but we need to share our knowledge and that's not possible in a single thread with 1500 comments.
where to get spare parts propellers: http://bit.ly/flexbotprops motors (without connectors): http://bit.ly/flexbotmotors maybe some volonteers would get this all information into one place?
how can i get the app to my phone?
after carefully assembling the copter and flashing the updated firmware i crashed my hex copter twice within 30 seconds breaking one of the arms. thanks to superglue everything's fine now, and i am slowly getting used to the very sensitive controls. however, one thing bugged me and that is the missing low battery warning. as a quick fix i added a little stopwatch to the controller app that is triggered by the lock/unlock buttons. my current working assumption is that this should be close enough for a rough flight time approximation. you can find the source code at https://github.com/exxamalte/hexnanocontroller_android, i successfully tested the app on my nexus 5. feel free to use the modifications, test them on your device, contribute, etc. disclaimer: please note, that the stopwatch itself does not prevent the battery from fully draining, it's just an indicator to help you avoiding to burn the battery. use at your own risk.
@clay, @arne: the rule of thumb is to keep the compass away for dc lines with at least 10cm and on the flexbot it's about a cm from the vcc trace and close to the mosfets driving the motors. on a board this size there's no good place for it. one option would be to remove it from the board and attach http://www.adafruit.com/product/1746 with a 10cm spacer.
@kay laborenz try posting at http://www.multiwii.com/forum/viewforum.php…
did a short unboxing video: http://youtu.be/p0bmh1payqc assembly and flight videos coming. do we have a forum to discuss flight experience and tuning options?
@clay use arduinoide 1.0.5! you dont have to calibrate the magnetometer cause it is not used in the flight control. with multiwiiconf you can see that mag mode is never switched on. calibrating is impossible because tue motors and the battey have such a big influence. rotating motorhousing for about 10 degrees destroys calibration. using the second battery too. the magnetic fields of this parts are too heavy to allow proper calibration. try using multiwiiconf without this tool you cannot do any diagnostic.
anyone in the uk fancy buying my hex (hex aerial photography version - obviuosly without wifi camera module) and quad with spare frame, have a look at my ebay auction. have it in hand and will ship as soon as anyone buys it. open to offers too! http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
having the same problem as clay
anyone who is interested in purchasing my flexbot (hex aerial photographer shell version) i am selling mine (never used) on ebay as i no longer need it.  i have it in hand and will ship immediately. http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/ebayisapi.dll…
updated to hex code successfully.  connected to phone.  blades click once when you try to accelerate, and then nothing else happens.
tried updating with the arduino ide, and the code won't compile.  followed christop and mats directions as far as i know.
i got my copters today! one hex and one quad. i flew the quad for a while and i agree with everyone else that the controls are hyper sensitive. at least for learning i'd rather not be able to shoot to the sky in half a second. the lack on tactile feedback is weird and will definitely need some getting used to! my biggest complaint is that neither my hex nor quad will connect to my phone every time. when i scan, it sees it right away, but when i tell it to connect it doesn't do anything 95% of the time. but once it's connected it's fine. i'm used a nexus 4.
one more tip that confused me- you have to hold down the right 'button' in order to tilt your ipad to control the quad tilt. turn on acc mode to get this to work.
here are some tips: the mag cal seems to work but follow this: http://www.diymulticopter.org/… the gyro and accelerometer init doesn't happen until the light flashes twice, so you have until then to stop moving it. has anyone managed to get altitude hold to work?
that picture that was posted is the best piece of documentation so far on how to assemble the hex.  http://darch.net/flexbot.jpg the next hurdle seems to be to get the accelerometer to have a sensible view of what is level. interestingly the faq on the flexbot.cc site says that when you power up (i.e. connect the battery), the flexbot has to be level at that time. i think that they may be right (i have no idea what the "calibrate acc" button does (apart from flashing the red light)). it seems to help. of course it is extremely difficult to keep the thing level while connecting the battery! to the person that asked about the magnetometer calibration -- i figured out that if you do a calibrate mag, then the led flashes until you do around 2-3 full revolutions (about a vertical axis) of the flexbot. not clear that it does any good though. maybe upgrading the flight control software would help -- though the git repo doesn't show any recent change (apart from fixing the idle speed of the props).
i ordered a quad but the pcb has 6 connectors. is this a problem, and if not, which connectors do the motors plug in to?
i would really like to know how to enable auto-altitude control.  frankly, the "throttle" stick shouldn't control the speed of the motors - it should be centered, like the other three axes of control, and if you move it up, you increase altitude, down to decrease altitude.
updated firmware definitely helps. but now i need to print a new shell. went up a little too fast and lost it in the sun. it found the pavement about 10 seconds later from who knows how high up. high enough to shatter every one of the prop pods though :)
well i received mine today, unfortunately the white shell had a busted motor housing. though the box and case had no damage it appears that it was squished which snapped the housing. oh well, i have the second housing thankfully. i got it assembled and running, sort of, quite quickly.  i'm going to have to re-read the manual and look at all the videos again. like steven below i thought i had everything in the right spot but it appears that something isn't right because i can only buzz the floor in one direction.
aaaaand i'm dumb. after reading how people put their motors and rotors in the wrong spot i paid careful attention to those details when assembling mine. i still managed to mess it up and two of my motors were working against each other. after flipping them it works and i've taken flight. even outside in a breeze which is a pleasant surprise. some adjustments to trim still need to be made, but overall not a bad first flight.
i received my hex today and assembled it as instructed. all of the parts seem to be functioning properly, but the copter cannot seem to lift it's own weight off the ground. any advice? so far i'm very dissatisfied with my experience.
terrible flying experience. very unstable. almost impossible to calibrate. this is really not a copter that anyone can fly. what a shame. goig back to my hubsan copter.
@sergio: ah. sorry, my fault. the rotation of the motors seems to be controlled by the pcb. so that's correct. and 4, 5 should be the black/red motors. somebody posted a good image that shows the correct placement of the motors and propellers: http://darch.net/flexbot.jpg fanning downwards is absolutely correct. the differing shapes compensates the different rotation. the differing rotation compensates the torque.
@christoph i thought that all motors are the same and gave only attention to the propellers, but i had on place 3 a motor with black/red cables and on place 5 on with blue/red cables. after switching these (propellers are the same direction), 3 propellers turn clockwise and 3 propellers turn counter clock wise which i think is  no correct since the shape of the propellers are different all of then fan downwards. i was able to hoover a little but, the copter has a strong spin which i'm not able to calibrate with the software. is the a manual for all the settings in the software? i do not understand it. when is calibrate mag finished? when i click it the red led starts to blink but does not stop. any help appreciated.
michael - turn off beginner mode to enable rudder. also, you can switch to "left hand mode" to put the throttle/rudder on the left side if you are used to flying mode 2.
i just received my flexbot and i can honestly say there are a number of issues that to me makes this an almost expert level airframe. i am an experienced rc pilot and builder, having built my own tricopter design based on the kk multirotor board and built a dji flamewheel. here is my list of concerns. 1. i received my package and after going through it i was wondering where is the webcam? my ordering option was to receive everything once the webcam was ready. i paid for a webcam, i better get one in the future. 2. assembling the unit was not easy. it takes a while to figure out the motor numbering is in a diagram and not on the frame or board. the board is already silk screened, why not put the numbers there? i managed to crack a mount installing a motor and had to superglue it. 3. tried to use the barcode on the included instructions to download software on an ipad, file not found. had to search around to find the program. 4. follow the instructions, charge the battery, try to plug it in, only 4 rotors turning. finally became convinced the pre-installed firmware is garbage and may be for a quad? 5. have prior arduino experience.downloaded the source files, compiled the code, and downloaded it. 6. all 6 motors now turn but hex is unflyable, figured out you need to run both calibration steps. why is this not highlighted in the manual? 7. flexbot now flies and is pretty stable. 8. rudder doesn't seem to work. i am not sure "anyone can fly it"
@koen kooi no, its just that they removed the function in beginner mode i discovered... :-( can anyone say how to reenable it - maybe in the arduino code?
got mine today also (hex) - no trouble putting it together. although the instructions reference some mystical wiring grooves that don't actually exist on the frame. played with it for a bit - had some crashes of course, but not anything enough to break or even scratch the props / frame. the battery clip popped off once, but that's it. the first crash was the worst one - the instructions i saw said that the hexbot app *right side was for steering* and the *left side was for throttle*. well, i learned very quickly that those instructions were backward :)  i was able to get it airborne and nearly under control a few times. it's quite unstable though, and i noticed that the two side props never turn (#3 and #6). from looking through the last few comments it appears i need to load some updated firmware and that should fix it. so no problem, i know my way around the arduino software.  the packaging was better than i was expecting. i was totally prepared for a bag of crushed parts. instead, everything was safely packed within the plastic box with appropriate cardboard forms and labeled pouches for the props.  recharging it and will try it again later once i load fresh firmware. hopefully we get to see something about the video system soon as mine was a hex photographer kit (i opted to get the copter without camera for now).
got mine today. the hex flies niece after upadting the firmware but the quad still rolls to one side. i calibrated everything as recommended below but it won't work. also i think its really bad that there is no low voltage warning or even a timer in the app. i'm looking forward to some hacks.
@kai laborenz: most people have trouble mentally reversing the direction if the copter has turned 180 degrees and isfacing you, 'left' on the stick would make it move to the right.
ok, got it. i had to select usbasp as the programmer (tools menu). now i got the firmware uploaded and voila: the thing can fly. all motors are rotating and i managed to have some secons of steady hover and a little bit of manoevering. far from "anyone could fly" but a beginning. what i didn't manage to do is turning the flex. i thougt it should work using the left stick (left-right)? is it disabled in beginner mode? why?
ok, i got it to connect once, when i tried to increase the throttle the motors started to speed up and then just cut out. now it's not connecting again.
@christoph: yes my phone has bluetooth 4.0 (nexus 5), the app was connecting before.
@shane: with the new board software from github, it is normal behavior that the propellers don't spin after plugging in the battery. is your phone capable of bluetooth 4.0? did it connect before the update? @sergio: that is def. wrong. they have to spin clockwise and counter-clockwise alternately. the motors you got seem to be wrong. you could fix that yourself by swapping and remounting the wires of the motor. this would change the direction.  @sergio:
after loading the correct arduino sketch to the hex, all motors spin, but actually not when i connect the battery. they do not spin when connecting the battery. after that when i throttle the copter does not go into the air but spins counter clockwise. how can i fix that? i checked all the proppelers and they look assembled correct to me. i noticed that only motor one spins counter clockwise and all the others clockwise. is that correct? how to adjust it with the sofware?
hmm. got the problem with two motoers not running. tried to use the github source. installed ide, leonardo driver, moved code to folder as described. got this error message at uploading: found programmer: id = "b©/"; type = any suggestions..?
@mats - i have the hex model. i got the hex files from the github repo. put all the files listed into a folder. opened hexnanomwc_hex.ino in the arduino ide and then compiled and uploaded. disconnected the usb afterwards and plugged in the battery.
shane goodson@ witch flexbot do you have hex or quad, please describe what steps you took.
jake olah@ facebook is a bad platform for knowledge management, no search function, no way of threading discussions, no way to change topics to "solved" and the list goes on...!
hello to all my fellow backers! i started a group on facebook called "flexbot- arduino dit aerial drones" for everyone who wanted to share their experience and comments on the flexbot aerial drone as well as share their creations coding and all things related to flexbot with a community without the complexity of forms.  to join this group login to facebook and in the facebook search bar just type flexbot the first two hits will be the flexbot team and the flexbot arduino dit aerial drones group select the group and i will tag you in.
just tried to flash upload the sketch from the git repo. now when i connect the battery the led's come on, the red one blinks when i move the copter off a horizontal axis, but the buzzer doesn't make a noise, the rotors don't spin and while the app detects the copter it doesnt connect to it. anyone have any idea what the problem is?
my copter arrived today in switzerland. unfortunately the wallplug does not fit the outlet, so i'm unable to charge the battery :-(
@arne could you share the apk or fork the github repo so we can build this ourselves without having to duplicate your work? thanks
oops forgot the "imu.ino" file. the files needed is: hexnanomwc_hex.ino def.h config.h serial.ino output.ino eeprom.ino alarms.ino rx.ino sensors.ino imu.ino
after opening hexnanomwc_hex.ino, arduino will ask "the file hexnanomwc_hex.ino needs to be inside a sketch folder...." press ok. then move the files : def.h config.h serial.ino output.ino eeprom.ino alarms.ino rx.ino sensors.ino to the folder that arduino created. close arduino. start arduino again and open hexnanomwc_hex.ino. now you will see the other files as well. compile and upload. thanks christoph mueller and now is the basics for a "flexbot howto - upload new arduino sketch" collected, just cut and past into a document...
@koen kooi @christoph mueller: thank you guys! a month ago, i dropped my phone(iphone 4s) into the toilet so i bought iphon5 but i lost it again. so.. now my phone is iphone4. haha. thanks again!
you can get the arduino ide here: http://arduino.cc/en/main/software#toc2 it will install the ide as well as the needed drivers. you connect the copter via usb with your pc. it should appear in your system's device manager. then you start the arduino ide where you open the hexnanomwc_hex.ino from the hexnanomwc_hex folder. you get this here: https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_hex choose "leonardo" from in "tools" -> "board" and set the correct serial port (where the device driver found your copter in the device settings) then "upload" and thats it
christoph mueller@ can you elaborate on the arduino ide?
i have successfully been able to change the rom on my 2 year old lg optimus 4x hd (p880) to android 4.4 (beanstalk) and it is working !
@saeyeun lee: you need a device with bluetooth 4.0 support (iphone 4s+, ipad3+) it was a requirement from day one
@saeyeun lee: you need bluetooth 4.0, the ipad2 and iphone4 have 2.1+edr.
please help me out. today, i got my copter so i complete them. but i have connection problem. battery is on, propeller is fanning, turn on bluetooth, start app and touch the scan button. but there is nothing. cannot scan, no result. i tried both my phone(iphone4) and ipad2. (ios is 7.1 or later)
here is my preliminary review: - the flexbot at its current state is definetely something for the ambitious do-it-yourselfer with access to a 3d-printer and the will and knowledge to tweak the software. then i think, this can evolve into something really cool and fun. if you like to play around with the software and the hardware, this is something for you. - the copter we got as backers are still faaaar away from being something that could be sold in stores, taken out of the box and then be used by "anyone". they are prototypes. nothing more, nothing less. but as noted before: due to the open hardware and software, this can still be great fun. but not for most of the customers or many backers. many expected something else.  of course, if you back a new product, you cannot expect to get something 100% perfect.  but this is more like 50% ;) documentation is catastrophic and almost not existent, as you can see that many people have the same problems. but it is possible to collect some good information in the comments. i hope the flex-team will collect these informations and put them into one piece of documentation. personal opinion: did not get exactly what i was thinking, but i will def. have fun with this as i like to play around with the software and hardware and have access to a 3d-printer. but i think, they went out to kickstarter too early. in sept/oct. all they had was a raw prototype. and then, they had to deliver this prototype to an unexpected amount of backers. they had a lot of problems on that way and all energy focused on getting these produced out. there was no time left, to improve the system. my dream for the final product would be: a copter that can be easily used out of the box but with the great flexibility and open hard- and software, to tweak and play with it yourself. and if my money helped to get that goal done, i am happy :)
@clay @kyle: had the same problem. your pcb has the quad-software installed. you have to get the hex-software from https://github.com/hexairbot and use the arduino ide to upload the software to the pcb. just connect the copter via usb with your pc and select leonardo as the platform in the arduino ide.
unboxed, assembled and charged .  ignored second frame being broken for now. loaded app, plugged in battery on a level surface with some difficulty due to not having small, lemur-like fingers. hex buzzes and 4/6 rotors spin.  ok.  takes off, hovers ok, wobbles around room.  goes ape-s*** and flips over onto cat. unplug battery and try again.  hex buzzes and 4/6 rotors spin.  stops after a few seconds, but still powered. go in for closer look.   goes ape-s*** and one rotor burns full power, jumps up and slaps me in the face. cat returns after cursing stops, not sure why. unplug and repeat, same result minus the face slap.  no control.   same result with either battery. cat not entertained, leaves again. get bored, leave room. best.  investment.  ever.
also two motors on the hex do not turn, any advice on this?
what size battery should the extra one be for the hexbot? i got a 350 one and a 500 one. shouldn't the extra be 350?
my flexbot arrived today! i'm excited to try it out this weekend...i'll take precautions though, seeing it seems a bit fragile. unfortunately, the extra frame arrived broken out of the box. it must have been crushed under one too many packages on its journey here. :( i'll post again after i've tried things out...
i started a facebook group called (flexbot- arduino dit aerial drones ) i figured we can also use this to discuss our custom creations as well as post links to places to get information as well other than using a a form. feel free to join if you want to.
after getting my hex copter put together the first time i took it out on some test flights. it was doing well but on the first hard landing i broke one of the arms. since the spare that was shipped with it came out of the box broken, i can't fly now after less then 2 hours of receiving it.
i got my hexa copter today and was wondering if anybody here has use plastic dip rubberized spray paint to strengthen the 3-d printing frame.
just got my flexbot, open the box to see the spare frame broken. one of the motor shafts have snapped off. who do i contact to get another sent to me?
got my flexbot quad and hex copters today. tried to assemble and promptly broke one of the connectors off the pcb. any ideas on how that get fixed/replaced?
as i posted before, i'm not going to risk flying my quad or hex due to experience with another quad! so anyone from the uk who missed out on the backing or just wants another quad and hex, they're on ebay here. http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
correction: according to the (unnumbered) motors: i've inserted them as the >packages< were numbered, and so the wires are the following: blue/red for 1,2,3,6 black/red 4,5 (rear motors) the spare motors were mixed, one blue/red the other black/red with two orange propellers
nick, can you share your source changes?
@nick weller:  could you please put the corrected source into a github-directory. thanks!
according to the (unnumbered) motors: i've inserted them as the >packages< were numbered, and so the wires are the following: blue/red for 1,2,5,6 black/red 3,4 (rear motors)  the spare motors were mixed, one blue/red the other black/red with two orange propellers
never mind i fixed it. calibrated everything and modified the source code so the baro actually works. pretty accurate alt hold. frame could definitely be better though.
i got it too and i'm also very disapointed. it's impossible to trimm the hexcopter to get a stable flight position. one of the motors is always late, so it runs in that direction. please update your app and the instruction videos.
i'm bored now. can't even get it balanced for a decent hover before i need to recharge the battery. can someone do a video of how they calibrate. eg what are the 3 axis to rotate it about in calibration mode? it keeps rotating making steering impossible. one second left is left but then as it rotates left, for example, is right at my face or a wall!!
my board thinks it's a quadcopter when it's really a hex (verified in mwiigui). how do i fix this without messing up the code
@creators - if arne is correct below, then it'd be fantastic if you could release an update to the android app and a new firmware release! even though this project was meant to be an open-source hackable device, not everyone has the upfront knowledge to debug something that should've been done at the beginning.
i've noticed a few people here are like me, looking for a discussion forum where we can start to share knowledge and projects between ourselves. so i've taken it upon myself to start the following thread on diy drones in the hope that we can get a flexbot category created and move to a proper threaded discussion environment rather than relying on the kickstarter comments section http://diydrones.com/forum/topics/flexbot thanks ralf
@arne, lets stay in contact i'm also from hamburg
can anyone point me a direction of how to update the control board? much appreciate.
a bit confused about magnetometer calibration. am i supposed to rotate it like this page http://www.multiwii.com/wiki/index.php… suggests?  if i do that, then the quad just goes crazy (tries to go around in circles, flip over, slam against wall, etc).  if i leave it stationary during the 30sec calibration, then it "just" veers sharply left and/or back upon takeoff (veer seems random, but at least it doesn't go totally bonkers). either way, as far as i can tell, heading and yaw mag numbers via multiwiiconf seem pretty much random to me.  sigh...
just a quick followup -- yes, i suspect that my problem is that i have the wrong motors for the props. i have 8 motors in all (for a hex). 3 are the black/red variety and 5 are the blue/pink (according to my daughter) variety. this makes it less clear how they map onto props (of which i have 4 orange and 4 black). on a related note, does anybody have any experience with the shapeways printed shell: http://www.shapeways.com/model/1586499/standard-hex-body.html -- it looks significantly more robust than the shells that i received. [i also figured out the problem with the original shell (message below) -- it is printing fault. i measured the height of each motor mount with a pair of digital calipers -- 22.4mm & 22.5mm (motors fit in these). the other two mounts were 21.5mm and 21.3mm (adjacent mounts). the motors are 20.2mm long so there was no chance that they were going to clip in!]
in my case, two of the motor mounts on the frame wouldn't accept the motors (this is on a hex). and i managed to break two other of the mounts getting the motors in/out. the spare frame seems better. however, stable it isn't. a little bit of power and it spins and shoots off sideways. originally i thought that the packets containing motors and props were numbered according to the position. however, this clearly isn't the case as there were four black props and two orange ones in packets numbered 1 to 6. the other two orange ones were in a single packet. i now notice that the motors are of two types -- with red/black wires and (i suspect) blue/green wires (i'm colorblind). are they different? are the black props for one color of motor? i just put alternate yellow/black props -- starting with yellow just to the right of the micro-usb plug. any thoughts?
first when using multiwiiconf you can see that every time you raise the finger from the the throttle joystick (only verified on android) the throttle input value jumps to a higher value. this is caused by the app setting the the last throttle value in the onreleased button handler. it seems to be a sideeffect of the moving joystick ( that its always centered under your thumb). second using multiwiiconf you can see that the baro (means the altitude controller for hovering) ist activated when aux2 is set to high - which never happens. the android app has a button handler for setting aux2 to high but on my device (htc one) there is no button which could use that handler. so i changed the android app. i removed the last throttle set in the onreleased button handler and replaced it with the command for setting aux2 to high. in the onpressed button handler i added the command for setting aux2 to low. this enables the barometric altitude controller when releasing the throttle joystick and disables it when you touch it again. now the copter does good hovering. it holds its altitude by +/- 30 cm when i release the throttle joystick. perfect!!! the only thing i don't understand is - why do i have to find it out by myself - i am a backer!
i got the quad and i am wondering if i can turn it into a hex. i have extra motors and a 3d printer. do i need to flash different firmware or do anything else to the board?
@koen: thanks, worked
yes, but their controls are reversed from what's popular in the us.  mode 2 configuration is standard in the us - that's aileron/elevator on the right stick (or collective, in the case of a helicopter - forward/backward/left/right) and throttle/rudder on the left stick.  if you swap to left handed in the app and disable beginner mode you'll have a standard rc controller type layout.
brian... i'm confused to which direction on the controls is the rudder. i'm guessing right thumb left and right?
@peter simon: it's an at32u4, so you need to use the arduino leonardo config
hi, today i received my quad and het package: i assembled them immediately, 2 issues: the hexcopter did not have a nr4 engine and propeller. i assume it needs to be a motor with black/red wire and a black propeller. unfortunately i don't have a spare propeller, i do have the spare motor, not the propeller. on the quadcopter one engine got broken, the plastic at the back fell off. can i get remplacements please ??? i've been waiting so long and this feeds like a disappointment. kr, rudy
as of today we've started having the rotation issue as well.  if i turn of beginner mode, i can "sort of" hover it - but i have to give constant rudder input to correct for the spin.  full recalibration isn't making a difference.
ignore my last post, the problem seems to be: avrdude: stk500_getsync(): not in sync: resp=0x00 as board i choose arduino pro or pro mini (5v,16mhz) w/atmega328 usb cable for transfer and parallel programmer. thanks in advance.
hi, any idea what might be the problem during flashing: d:\arduino\hardware\tools\avr\bin\avr-ar: unable to rename 'core.a'; reason: file exists
ok, managed to connect multiwiiconf (linux was having issues with serial, windows is ok), and the magnetometer seems to be returning random numbers that just jump around, even after calibration; e.g when spinning it 90deg flat on the desk, yaw changes by just 8deg or so, and then i spin it back 5-10 deg and yaw changes a full 180deg.  is this normal?  accelerometer is fine (after calibration) and gyro also gives reasonable numbers, but i can't make any sense of the mag numbers.  could this be a fault, or am i missing something obvious?
superglue has saved the day. in flight it seems to rotate on its own. making steering impossible. i have calibrated everything but is there something to stop it rotating about its own axis?
qualche esperienza italiana?il mio è stato bloccato una decina di giorni in dogana e tra qualche giorno dovrebbe arrivare anche se non so se dovrò pagare qualcosa.
any news on the camera modules?
got my hex two days ago, assembled correctly on first attempt (thanks to all posting their photos), the only thing that confused me at first was that i've inserted the battery tray the other way around, so it was off center. felt like an idiot when i figured it out... the hex is surprisingly quick and nimble, definitelly needs to be made less sensitive at least until i get used to the controls, so after a bit of googling i've found this great tutorial for flashing the copter: http://www.rctutor.org/multiwii-tutorial.html follow this tutorial and use the config.h (or selected values from the file) from here for hex https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_hex or here for quad https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_quad it looks quite easy to get connected and play around with the parameters to find what works best, i'm gonna give it a go as soon as i can.
@graeme me too. at the moment i have to lend the iphone from my girlfriend, because there is no windows phone app :( any ideas about a "non-phone" device that could do the trick ?
does anyone know if there any other controllers available that i could purchase to control my hex ? i never purchased the camera  and i would rather have a seperate device other than my phone as a controller.
both the hex and the quad arrived today and the packaging looks great. however, after my experiences with the hubsan x4 i don't trust myself to have a go with them!  is there anyone in the uk who would be interested in these? i'm still waiting for the wifi camera so it's just the hex and the quad at the moment.
i hope the app updates to allow for the throttle stick to 'ping' back like the direction stick does.
@connel: the firmware supports an altitude hold mode, but i don't know if the flexbot app exposes that.
@koen: thks. mine has no problem holding a heading and is pretty stable. was more curious if it can hold a specific altitude, as some say when flying manually you need to constantly micro adjust the throttle
@connel: the bmp085 is very sensitive, it reacts to slight temperature changes as well. as for the magnetometer, you'll have to use the multwiiconf gui to set the magnetic declination for your location, it's hardcoded to what i suspect is shenzen currently. have a look at http://www.multiwii.com/wiki/index.php… and https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware/issues/2 for more background on that.
i might try a fw upgrade to see the difference, but even using the shipping code after checking motors & blades, and calibrating i can quite successfully drain a full battery in a single flight in my living room. as far as having to make micro adjustments to keep a constant height, seems quite normal. not sure if the barometric sensor can sense such minute changes, and don't know if the magnometer is set to fix at a constant height.. maybe a future software tweek.. i'm generally quite happy with it..
i received mine yesterday. the packaging is impressive and very nice, but the second frame  was broken. now i have to assemble and test my hex/flexbot
ok, after buying an us-eu charging adapter i could start my first test flights. starting from a flat surface with beginner mode on, doing the first thing was calibration of the bot (via app). when accelerating smoothly you can see very easy in which direction the bot is trying to lift of. the idea of using the flight trim in the sub-menu of the app is good, but i couldn’t find out what is “left, right, up, down”. i tried for nearly half an hour to find out what happens when trimming in one direction (pressing  e.g. left 10-11 times), but that didn’t change anything on the bot behavior aside from blinking with the red led each time i press a trim button. my solution for this was a re-calibration via app until i was able to nearly hover straight. it seems to be a real challenge to set the copter on a flat surface, when the battery holder beneath the copter doesn’t provide a very flat surface itself. hopefully an update of the copter firmware will help with an easier way to calibrate. apart from that, it took me only two battery charges to fly through my living room (hitting some furniture) and even landing on my hand while standing in the middle of the room. :)
got my hex today. very impressed with the packaging and how easy the assembly was. on the down side, absolutely pissed my htc one xl is incompatible with the hex. phone is android 4.2.2 and there will be no updates (per the htc website). bluetooth is 4.0 but app simply won't download cause phone isn't compatible. bogus!
well i thought i was crazy. having followed the instructions....( they need some work) i have had many of the same issues listed here already, broken mount out of the box, won't fly, etc. can some one provide a more in depth explanation of blade placement. "top left bottom right" as stated in the video leaves room for interpretation. as i experiment with different blade placement i seem to be able to get off the ground but still very hard to control so i feel the blades are not placed correctly. a more in depth video explaining what that means might help....also since the motor mount was broke and this is supposed to be in the spirit of open source can we have the files to be able to 3d print replacement components ourselves. i have access to a printer but i am just learning 3d design...
some of you might be interested in this. there is a edx course on programming the quadcopter starting next week. very timely indeed for those who wants their bots to do more. see https://www.edx.org/course/tumx/tumx-autonavx-autonomous-navigation-1658#.u2bh4tiw1dm
well mine arrived yesterday and i put the first frame together and had all kinds of issues with it accelerating at rocket speed and bouncing around and stopped for the night. came in and looked at the comments today and found how to calibrate it and all and it was just starting to go good and flying stable when i landed a bit too hard and broke a motor mount. the printed frame does indeed seem awfully fragile for this with how unstable calibration is currently. luckily i got the second frame from the voting and have put it back together in the new frame, but i will wait and hope for some firmware updates that may help matters, especially the fact that the motors begin spinning as soon as its plugged in. they don't hurt to touch at that speed, but it is a bit annoying. on another note for people that need to pop motors out of the frame, atleast on the hex model, i found that using a small wooden dowel or such that will fit in the bottom hole, and gently pressing the center while bending the open outside open a bit will pop them right out. otherwise you will likely break the frame even more trying to get them out to swap incorrectly placed motor numbers.
i got my flexbot/hex copter/quadcopter yesterday. the packaging is a super hit with the kids and every component is built and packaged extremely well. this product has commercial success written all over it. this could very well be the must have toy for 2014 holiday season and beyond. seriously. having said all that, my copter will just not take off. it will not fly. the motors and the rotors run at a very high rpm and it just sits there on the flat surface. the black rotors seem to be running at a significantly higher rpm than the front/orange rotors. this is causing the quadcopter to lean towards the orange rotors ... while still sitting on the flat surface. i followed the instructions to the t. i made sure the battery/batteries were charged overnight. the phone controller was few feet away. heck, i even tried using the ipad version of the app. the packaging came with an second frame. the only one thing i have not tried is to install the circuit boards/battery/motors/rotors on the second frame. what am i doing wrong? my kids (and i) want this to work so much. please please please help!
thanks for that. will look into where i can buy it tomorrow (probably order online as it's easier).  i will also try and have a frame printed at work with a stereolithograpy machine we have. think the material is uses will be too dense and therefore increase the mass. but worth a go i guess!
oh - forgot to add - i get the pump spray kicker, not the aerosol, because i rarely spray it.  rather, i unscrew the bottle, put the glue on, then touch the bottom of the tube from the pump to the spot, much more precise.
kicker is another term for accelerator.  it causes superglue to cure essentially instantly.  you can get it at any hobby store. http://www.allerc.com/zap-zip-kicker-ca-accelerator-2-oz-pump-spray-p-3949.html for example. also, you want to get a bottle of thin superglue - you don't want any of the gel sorts for this.
will have to have a go gluing it tomorrow. what is kicker?
yeah, it breaks easily.  thin superglue and kicker are your friends.
and that's the second shell broken already. brilliant.
just got mine. one of the motor mounts of broken out the box. luckily got the spare frame. annoying!
@ david. you are not alone. i have the same problem i have to adjust the throttle just to try and keep the copter at a constant height. then when i do get a constant height it vears of in another direction.  at the moment i would not describe my experience with flexbot as flying ! it would be more like trying to avoid crashing badly ! its a bit like juggling. constantly adjusting both controls just to avoid hitting the ground or a wall. this thing was designed to fly indoors , but it's proving very difficult without damaging anything !
i'm still not able to get my copter to fly at a constant height, i've tried afew things and it still goes up and down a lot (mostly down, so i'm having to keep increasing throttle to keep it in the air), even if i take my thumb off the throttle completely it still goes up and down :-( has anyone else had the same problem? and does anyone know how to fix this?
got this yesterday, almost impossible to fly, *way* harder than a $30 rc heli (traditional main + tail rotor).  it keeps veering to one side (which seems to change after each crash or two; all propellers look fine though), and it's super-touchy to control inputs.  mine is the quad. what i've tried so far: 0. double-check propellers; all pics i can find are for the hex, but i'm pretty sure it's right for a quad-x mwc config: prop 1 (forward-right) is orange anti-clockwise, 2 (forward-left) is orange clockwise, 3 (back-left) is black anti-clockwise, and 4 (back-right) is black clockwise (where forward = microusb side, and i checked direction by stalling them with my finger and verifying direction of rotation and leading edge). 1. upload latest firmware from github; no change, other than motor idle. 2. make sure quad is flat when hooking up power wire, then calibrate acc and mag; nothing. 3. trim controls: they just change the veer direction; e.g., if it veers sharply to the left upon takeoff, hitting trim right up to 2-3 times does nothing, then after the 4-5th time it just changes the veer direction to sharp forward instead of left.  as a side note, very hard to tell what these do without any visual feedback. so far anything i've tried had absolutely no effect.  haven't been able to successfully run multiwiiconf to check pid settings (for touchyness), but really that should not be required. when i hold it in my hand and tilt, the general response is correct (side that sinks revs up), but it's extremely hard to keep steady when in actual flight. any ideas or detailed troubleshooting page that has everything in one place (preferably specific to the quad; seems most people have the hex?).  thanks!
i answer to my question… yes and it seems to be more stable to make an hexacopter a with 3d print, add the two more motors you have with the quad reward and play with your upgrade copter. to proceed : donwload the code for hexacopter (last update), upload it to the copter with arduino software by using it like a leonardo. note that for the quad and for the hexa, the new code is better :-) for example you don't have this noise when the copter don't fly. after that you have to be sure of the placement of your motor, but with logical mind you can find a solution. have a good fly...
and change config.h to enable battery monitoring of course.
@bojan potočnik looks like a0..a5 are available as pads on the top of the pcb, so it should be possible to add a battery monitor yourself using something like http://arduinotronics.blogspot.nl/2011/03/monitoring-voltage-of-dc-battery-supply.html
@vitor de miranda henrique low voltage detection can be easily added to the firmware - atmega32u4 microcontroller has 12-channel 10-bit adc (analog to digital converter), one channel is enough to measure voltage (with resolution of 2.5mv). this is done with few lines of code. i thought that flexbot app is already showing the flexbot's battery level (this 10-bit number can be easily send via bt), but later i discovered it is showing battery level of my phone instead (facepalm).
is it possible to updgrade quadcopte to hexacotper with the two more motors i have in my reward ?
i'm stupid, propellers were placed wrong. it flies now.
received mine (i pledged for hex with camera, obviously no camera unit yet) last week and i'm glad to say that everything was in the box including the extra frame that they promised from filling in the name survey and also 2 batteries and 2 extra motors and blades, so they got the order spot on. one minor thing to note was that the frame colour i'd selected was all red and that's what i got, but the extra frame was green, but i'm not really too worried about that. i initially managed to get everything put together very quickly and easily after reading through all the info in the links in update 21 (i read through everything before attempting to assemble it). i still wasn't 100% sure about the positioning of the motors/blades after reading all the info, but i managed to figure it out and got them all in the right places (if anyone is still unsure, the image that @connel has posted below is the best one i've seen so far for positions of the hex motors/blades). one piece of advice here is to write the numbers on the motors and blades with permanent marker as you take each one out of the envelope so that they don't get mixed up. it was extremely difficult to fly the first time i tried it and it did keep veering off to one side (although maybe not as much as some people have mentioned), so at first i just tried getting used to the controls by sliding it around on the floor and then i tried it about an inch off the ground but it still wasn't very easy. after having a look at the comments last night i was going to try updating the software as per @jimmy alenius comments, but after looking at the hobbyking pdf link i decided it was maybe a bit more complicated than i thought and decided to give it another go as is before attempting that. i came back and looked at the comments this morning and saw the info that @connel had put on about calibrating and trimming and gave that a try and it totally worked! its so much easier to fly now! so if anyone else is finding it a bit tricky to fly then try connel's steps and that should help. thanks connel! the only thing i am still having problems with at the moment is keeping the copter at a constant height, it seems to go up and down quite a lot even if i keep my finger still on the throttle control, but i think i might need to try adjusting the throttle dead-band to fix that - i'll try that later once i've charged the batteries :-) so overall i'm pretty pleased with my wee hex copter and i'm looking forward to getting the camera unit, but i'm definitely glad i got some time to practice flying before hooking up the camera :-) i have crashed mine quite a few times and haven't broken the frame yet, but i can see how it would be easy to break as the frames are quite flimsy. i think my biggest gripe about this whole project would be the fact that this was supposed to be a copter that anyone can fly, but the creators have definitely failed to make it easy by not providing us with all the info that we need to get flying easily. yes they have provided a couple of videos and some links to backer provided info, but what they should have done was to provide clear and detailed instructions for positioning the motors for both quad and hex versions and also providing clear and detailed instructions on how to calibrate and trim the copters using the software (and it would have been good to get more details about how all the settings in the software work).hopefully the creators will be reading all these comments and realise that they need to improve the information that they provide so that people purchasing in future can truly say that it is a copter that anyone can fly. i know this is a long post, but one final piece of advice from me regarding flying the copter is that once you do get it to the point where you can hover without it drifting too much horizontally is to not keep your finger on the direction control (the one that moves it backwards/forwards/left/right) all the time but just use small flicking movements on the control each time you want to change direction. i found that having my finger on the control all the time meant that it was too easy to overcompensate and end up with the copter dancing all over the place, whereas using small flicks of the control would make it move more smoothly. i hope everyone receives their copter soon and has fun flying it! :)
i can't get it to lift. when i apply throttle it will just lean on right side (on motor 6). motors are turning into proper direction according to connel's image (http://darch.net/flexbot.jpg). video of the problem: https://www.youtube.com/watch… any idea?
i hope it remembers the calibration settings after removing the battery to charge it. as running through calibration each time is far from ideal...
brilliant. sounds straight forward. i'm probably going to to order a new frame made from abs or nylon so it's more robust. just hope the material densities are similar so it doesn't add or remove too much extra weight and mess up the balance.
also to trim it i did the following steps: 1) put on flat desk, connect battery without moving copter, connect bt 2) go to settings select 'calibrate acc' wait 5 secs till led goes out 3) select 'calibrate mag', pick up and rotate forwards, backwards, left and right, after 30s led goes out 4) back on main flight screen, press unlock 5) using only the throttle control, add enough throttle to lift off a few inches and land again, note the direction the copter moves in while in the air 6) goto settings 'flight angle trim', if the copter went forward trim backward by pressing back once or twice.  repeat 5/6 until well trimmed and you get a steady hover. if when you lift off in step 5 the copter moves rapidly sideways or will not lift off the ground, most likely a motor or blade is backwards. have fun!
thanks connel. iv saved the images as mine shouldn't be long now...!
i received mine this morning.. after looking though a variety of info i got it setup correctly and am now able to hover easily.. initially it would shoot backwards, i found that motor 4/5 or just the blades were incorrect and i needed to swap them. i believe the toughest part is getting the blades orientated correctly, as well as ensuring motor 4/5 are the reversed (blk/red wires) type. i posted an image that should help http://darch.net/flexbot.jpg
@syk: they fixed the throttle issue 4 days ago
got mine today and it's bloody hard to fly but unless i break it (and there is a high chance i can manage that) this promise to be quite a lot of fun. i read through a lot of valuable information in this thread but it is very inconvenient to look-up. is there any place we can post our discussions? a forum, a sub-reddit or whatever?
i cant seem to get mine to hover in place (flying in doors) any tips i really havent gotten the hang of it or kept in the air
when plugging in my quad the motor #2 turns on at full speed immediately and doesn't stop no matter what.  i connected to multiwii config and the mag roll reading is nonresponsive through ~90 degrees of roll to the left, stuck at a single value.  i updated the sketch from github and still have the same issues... any thoughts?  do i have a bad board?
to clarify, when i was testing with the shipping firmware, i experienced an issue where motors 3 and 4 were not compensating correctly, causing a persistent pitch upward. this could be verified by holding the copter, throttling up, and tilting the copter along each axis (you should feel the copter attempt to self-level by applying a counterforce). without using mwc to further calibrate the copter, flashing the firmware from github fixed both the zero speed throttle issue and mostly fixed the pitch axis compensation.
wow, what version of the firmware is shipping out of the box? i flashed the sketch from github and the hex is flying much better, capable of hovering with only a little drift right from the get go. i have a hard time believing an initialization change in config.h is all it took...
@brent sagnotti i am not sure if you intended your comment to come across this way, but your last line got to me. the multirotors shown here (blackouts?) cost at least several hundred dollars, if not into the thousands, each. they use a flight controller worth about five flexbots, which i assume to be a pixhawk, and still took hours of tuning to get flying that stable. what you backed here is a toy, if you are want a real serious multirotor you are not going to get that from that from the $60 donation you made in a team that has never pushed a product before. on top of that you are expecting to get it to hover out of the box, this is simply unrealistic for a multirotor to hover with any real degree of stability without spending a large sum of time calibrating, it's a totally different game then a helicopter.
band of the drones http://youtu.be/qlqe1dxnjkq these hover nicely...
re my last comment, yes i did push the unlock button
got my copter today (hexacopter), was very impressed by the packaging, had a good time putting it together. problem is that it just sits there makes a horrible noise and doesnt move, i've connected all of the motors and propellers properly, checked that motors 4 and 5 are the ones with the black and red wiring, checked the motor spin directions, checked the propeller types, but still, once i have it all connected and the app running, the propellers spin but nothing else happens, i can't see or feel any change when i make inputs from the control.
+katherine krieger i totally agree with you, but not all kickstarter projects suck - i backed pixy cmucam5 and ouya; both turns out pretty well. can't say the same for flexbot though. imho, before i back any projects, i check out the background, experience and credentials of the project members. obviously, i made a poor judgement on flexbot. hopefully, the flexbot team can prove me wrong in the future.
can anyone post a picture of the lipo plug? @benjamin: will you set up a forum for all backers?
just got mine in the mail! what is the name of the app
does anyone have any info on the part numbers for motors & connectors? i have found these as a possible replacement (http://www.tmart.com/2pcs-jxd-385-006-alloy-reverse-rotation-motors-set-for-rc-helicopter-metal-color_p192101.html) since they are the same size (7x20mm), but they don't come with connectors (nor do they specify the rpm).
we have ours flying, but it's not very stable.  i have a fair amount of rc experience (a bit on helis) and i can hover it, but it requires a lot of correction.  is there something we can tweak in the firmware to improve the self-stability?  i don't see how this is going to be very useful with the camera module once we get it if you have to keep your eyes on the copter at all times because it won't stay in a stable hover.  hopefully this is fixable in software?
oh i got it. if your copter does not fly as you want then you should check your motor number. i mean each motor has a number so you should put in right position. and if you forget the number (because number is written on pack) then you should check which way your propeller spin. #1 and 6 is one group, #2 and 3, and #4 and 5 is one group. i should read the manual more deeply... i regret .. one more question(?) i have.  can you give some tips to control the copter? ( it is too hard to control it...)
please someone help me! my copter does not fly because number 4 and 5 motor is too weak to fly and my copter just lean on one-sided. i checked i have the motors in right position(black/red line on 4,5)
@jimmy - thanks
just got my tracking code - finally.  yay!
@timo: - hexnanocontroller_ios 16 flexbot controller app for ios platform = the ios app. - hexnanomwc_hex 10 a modified mwc2.2 flight control for flexbot hex board = code for hex version (6 motors). - hexnanocontroller_android 8 flexbot controller app for android platform = the android app. - board 7 flexbot board = board schematic. - hexnanomwc_quad 4 a modified mwc2.2 flight control for flexbot quad board = code for quad version (4 motors).
thank you  jimmy,  i will try it tomorrow or at friday. can i save the original fw? and why is at github for ios etc.? i need only the folder "hexnanomwc_quad" right?
and this: http://arduino.cc/en/guide/homepage don't forget that it's a arduino leonardo card.
@timo (and all other that want to change "firmware". i think this tutorial explain how to do it: http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uploads/463565377x19082x13.pdf
@jimmy, have you a tutorial, how i can flash my quadro?
@jimmy alenius thanks for the link, time to flash a new config!
@david. the link to github is for the "firmware". there is one for the quad and one for the hex. you update the copter using the arduino ide (look for that on arduinos site). then you have the multiwii software. use mw for altering the sensitivity and for calibration.
it seems like a lot of the problems are associated with the copters firmware.  hopefully there is an update releasing soon!!!
@michael barret - have you checked you have the motors in the right position.  there should be two at the back of the copter (opposite end to the usb connector) with black and red wires,  the rest should have blue and red wires.  sean nichols diagram is the best i have found to sort out the assembly: http://seannicholls.com/blog/2014/4/19/flexbot
@jimmy alenius - can you explain the comments about multiwii?  is this a seperate bit of code or a tool?
can anyone assist? i've wired mine exactly the same as mentioned below (i.e. like @kho eng kien - https://www.dropbox.com/s/ysnpkqy05xuspbh/20140423_191513.jpg) and used the different coloured wires blue & red and black & red and even swapped the 2 orange motors over on the hex, but even at full power, on a flat surface it just sits there...never lifts off or just glides over the desk like 1 side is pushing more power than the other. i cant get this bloody thing airborne and i'm truly disappointed after pledging $174 on nothing it seems. can anyone help?
@syk, you can find the hex config files here: https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_hex the default config is set so the copter is silent and the motors are still. the find-me sound starts first when you activate the motors.
@jimmy alenius could you provide an example of your hex config? how were you able to get rid of the sound?
hex: a copter that anyone can fly?! do the right thing and refund the money from unhappy customers. you raised 50 times your funding goal and shipped an unusable brick that skitters across the ground. stop ignoring the negative comments. "it's not perfect" and "we'll get it right next time" is not good enough.  the lack of creator response will probably lead to reporting this to kickstarter so at least you won't be able to pull this bs again.
in the updates section you find a link to the different codes you can install. if two motors doesn't spinn on your hex you got the quad code and have to switch. with the multiwii software you can check what code you have. there you can also fine tune the sensitivity (and a ton of other stuff). i can say that this thing is much easier to fly with six blades than with four. but you still have to calibrate the level to be able to control it. don't go crazy when braking the frame. it's 3d-printed so that will happend all the time (pla plastic). just buy some super glue. if you got an 3d-printer (that support it) you can print a frame in abs or nylon. i've got an replicator 2 so it's just pla for me.
@kay it lifts of the ground. when i increase the speed, it accelerates and then slows, so i can't maintain it at a hovering position. it's leaning in one position now, so i can't even get it to lift straight up.
hi folks, hope someone can shed some light on this. the #3 and #6 rotors of my hexbot are not rotating. i changed one of the motors but it did not help. could it be that the quad code was installed in it instead of the hex code? where can i get instruction to change the code?
the application is unusable for me.  it rarely connects, and when it does, there's significant lag between control input and response.  i'm using a nexus 5 with android 4.4.3.
found hubsan h107 motor and blade is similar to flexbot.anyone know is replacable or not?
got mine on friday and have had 10 mins of flying( or should i say crashing) it. just before battery number 2 ran dry i broke the frame. not sure if it was a good idea to print the frames! on closer inspection my frame looks brittle. not a good idea when the copter spends more time bouncing of the ground walls and ceiling than it does in mid air. too afraid to take it out to fly as i am concerned i may never see it again when it uncontrollably speeds of into the sunset !! definitely not a copter that anyone can fly. very disappointed
anyone know a supplier for replacment motors and blades? failing that give us whatwe need to be searching for online to replace. them
i am extremely disappointed with this. today i set it up, and the flight was catastrophic. when i turned the helicopter on, one motor started spinning as if it was fully accelerated. i immediately turned it off, and replaced it with another motor but the same thing happened. i tried again, connected it to the app and when i tried to press stop the one fully accelerated motor started smoking. i hope i can get a new one or a refund at least. this project had a lot of potential
@philip briski any idea where i can get a frame printed with the new material you mention, taulman bridge?
found out how to trim it.  there is an option in the settings to adjust flight trim.  that worked for me.  it's still tricky to fly though.  i've been trying it out indoors and i can't keep it hovering in the one place long enough to get the feel of flying it.  as soon as it starts off in one direction it picks up speed really quickly!  and i run out of space.  would be good if we could get a software upgrade that made it less sensitive.  as other people say it's not really a copter anyone can fly!!
@jimmy alenius - where can i find the code?  i've assembled the copter, and it takes off, but i can't get it to hover yet.  still it fly's in a straight line which is good.  any tips for adjusting it so it hovers better?  thanks.
thanks bartek for your information about multiwii! my copter now fly much better! i have now replaced the quad code with the hex code (i of course added two more motors) and adjusted the sensitivity with multiwii. gone is the annoying weening sound and it is much more stable. the steps: 1. download and install arduino drivers (it's a leonardo card). 2. using arduino ide i then replaced the quad code with the hex code. 3. download latest multiwii software. 4. connect to the leonardo card and adjust the sensitivity (and a lot of other stuff). 5. then you do a "accelerometer calibration" and "mag calibration". 6. save and fly. my new 3d-printed frame (pla) just broke and is soon fixed with a little glue.
@kitinov migmer i had the same problem. the motors are in wrong positions.  look at the pictures i posted they show the correct position.
alright is there a quad mini app - i tried the hexmini app and it cannot connect and all that happens is that the motors spin?  when i used the qr code you provided it said the site has gone away.  where is my controller?  thanks.  by the way one of the motors was doa thank goodness for shipping spares.  do you have the specs foe the motors?
me too disappointed with this project. it shouldn't be called 'a copter that anyone can fly', as it is frustratingly difficult to control, even on beginner mode. the package arrived late, which is sadly expected from any of kickstarter projects. the packaging is great, and the instruction is very clear (for those who didn't correctly put the motor in order, you really ought to read the instruction booklet more carefully). the hexcopter frame is very fragile, i broke one one the handle while trying to put in the motor. and i broke the second one when it crashed to the wall (on a speed that my $20 remote helicopter can handle). i have no complain on the apps, although it can be alot better. but the biggest problem is how difficult it is to fly the copter! it can't even hover and stabilise on air. it will either not flying at all, or crashing at my room ceiling (because it accelerate too much). control is absolutely very difficult to master. my best record is less than 3 seconds on air. and all of my attempt result in crashed landing. everytime it flies, i get super worried it will hit something and get broken. you may call it 'developer friendly' by having this project open source, arduino compatible and etc etc, but you really shouldn't call it 'a copter that anyone can fly'. i've read other comment here, and the only people who can fly it and happy with it, are those who went into the code, alter the parameter, or found a way to calibrate it perfectly. not everyone are capable to do all that! now i highly doubt the camera module will be that impressive, or working properly at all. i believe it is a great project when it actually works. but at this time, its really a defective toy.
@jack carey by default it's in 'headfree' mode, which keeps the yaw locked. i think turning off beginner mode should fix that, but i'm not sure.
btw, is there a forum for flexbot?
so as a uk backer i received a us charger, and the charging end is also partly melted (refer to link at the end of this comment). having waited for more than 4 months, i can't really say that i'm too satisfied with my purchase. how am i supposed to charge this? and even if i get a us to uk adapter, i still can't charge my flexbot because the bit you plug in is all deformed. http://imgur.com/f70q93l
i try to convert my 4-copter to an 6-copter. i have printed out a 6-frame and mounted everything. now is my problem that two of the motors don't spinn. is that an software issue? my card got 6 connections so i assume that it should work with 6 motors. how do i replace the software for a 6 motor version? regards / jimmy
hey guys.  great that you are releasing this as open source - where can i grab the arduino code?  has anyone got the app working under linux or windows yet?  my phone was pinched, so i was hoping to get it working under my new laptop instead.
uk customer. copter arrived yesterday in the wrong colour. it's been pretty fun, i put all of the motors on the wrong way round first time so the copter wanted to fly towards the floor but that was quickly fixed (the instructions aren't clear in the slightest). as with any copter, especially a multi-rotor the learning curve is steep but i've found using the accelerometer mode with a gentle hand makes picking up the controls fairly easy. i'm now using the second battery as i can't charge either of them so a uk/eu charger would have been great but i'm going to buy an adapter. i can't control the yaw of the copter at all and i'm not sure if this is my fault or one with the design. i'd like to know why there is a second male connector on the battery (just like the motor connectors) and where i can download the flight software.
oh i posted it in the other project by mistake, sry. still the same question how to make it go up in the air.
hm, that's strange, my yesterday's comment disappeared well, i recieved my copter yesterday and i have the same problem: it doesn't go up in the air, it just slips on the floor in one direction have anybody fixed this already?
everett,  i had the same problem except i at least got to fly mine for a few minutes before the solder completely let go.
abs printed multi-rotor frames is completely the wrong way to go. printed a new frame the day i received mine for the hexacopter. use taulman bridge. http://seemecnc.com/blogs/news/12570029-taulman-bridge-filament-to-bridge-the-gap-between-abs-and-nylon-3d-printing. it prints like abs, but has the properties of nylon. it's amazing stuff. no more breaky. it just bends and flexes on impact.
does the creator understand customer service/communication?  they don't post squat on here and nor do they reply to emails.  what crap!
@kho does it lift off completely or it just hovers over the ground ?
already broke the frame at one of the motor spots. going to try and glue it. i couldn't get it to hover exactly but i did not try messing with the calibrations
got mine today, assembled and practicing within 10 minutes. loved the packaging. just one question. why are there two connectors on the batteries?
how can i charge the batteries? need an eu charger :/
@jack i got the wrong colour too.  asked for red, got white.
not put mine together yet however the colour was wrong. $69 pledge.specified blue, received red, not a major issue just a bit of a gripe.
still waiting for anything an email about shipping with my tracking number would be nice...
@kalyana, yea my motors are placed correctly, else it wouldn't even be able to lift.
so... where do we buy extra motors...now? got mine today, broke 3 motors already. very cheap motors. the bottoms fall out when crashed.
hi, i received my hexcopter with a broken connector (it appears it was not soldered on the circuit bd. how do i get a replacement board sent to me? there is no contact info on your website
@andrei a.   yes, the screenshot i showed in last post shows data coming straight from flexbot. after installing arduino drivers i had no problem with connecting flexbot to my computer and reading/writing data.
mine got stuck on a 50 foot tree. yea still throwing rocks to bring it down. the control malfunctioned and the copter just kept going up and then it got stuck. yea.....
mine got stuck on a 50 foot tree. yea still throwing rocks to bring it down.
received my hex copter today in the uk. speedy delivery since it said it was sent on the 19th. had one attempt (5 mins) at flying but found it really tricky. going too charge the batteries up and try again over the weekend. however, at this point imo " a copter that anyone can fly" is far from what i am experiencing.  it does seem very powerful and i am sure if i can get the hang of the controls and get it to hover then i will be much happier as i am sure there is lots of fun to be had. the copter has potential but the controller needs work.  there was a mention of setting upo a forum for troubleshooting, does anyone know if there is one?
received mine today (thanks to customs, took a bit longer then planned). i got the tracking mail on mo 21.04. and the flexbot arrived at 23.04. the package contained the second frame and to my surprise also a second battery plus two additional spare propeller and motors :) let's see how good i stand in assembling and tuning the little guy.
@kho https://www.dropbox.com/s/firczlnslj53e65/20140424_130326.jpg https://www.dropbox.com/s/c07mruy2nvry8hu/2014-04-24%2013.08.28.jpg these pictures should answer ur qustion.
@kho if u can c the color combination and alternate proppelers in the picture u can match them. u just have to see which is the front of the copter and which is the back . if u know this all u have to do is c where which motors go and which proppeler goes on the motor. i will upload picture showing the color combination vs motor and their positions.
how will i know f they are correctly placed?? the colours are the same. the alternate propellers are spinning in opposite directions, which i read from one of the comments to be the correct positions. for example, 1,3,5 is spinning clockwise and 2,4,6 is spinning anti clockwise.
@kho eng kien .  i had the same issue but i fixed it. the motors must be in incorrect place. and for the leaning onto one side make sure to calibrate it on a flat surface. i learned that even though u calibrate it on the flatest surface the copter will still lean and copter can not hold its altitude stable.  any way here a pic of my copter wired correctly.      https://www.dropbox.com/s/fhpcsv7nlpd2phe/20140424_095040.jpg
hi, im using a hexacopter, im trying very hard to get it to hover around 1 feet high, but the copter is leaning towards 1 direction. can anyone tell me if theres something wrong with the calibration or is it an hardware problem?? (blade or motor).. and yea the copter has received a few knocks.
hello,  for those with the camera kit that will not receive their flexbot before long. will you consider shipping an updated version of the copter?
received mine today.  very excited. thank you.
annnnd i broke it... =(
this is the correct way to assemble/wire hex copter. https://www.dropbox.com/s/ysnpkqy05xuspbh/20140423_191513.jpg
update: i  fixed the problem now it can lift of .( i will upload a picture showing the correct sides where u are supposed connect and with the correct color combination) and i still didnt fix where the copter goes to the side.
ok. i got my copter and i assembled it correctly . i looked at the pics on the latest update http://seannicholls.com/blog/2014/4/19/flexbot and all it does is move on the ground jt does not lift off at all!! and i have plugged the battery when the drone is flat on the ground. and also calibrated the acc. help !!!!! any suggestions ??
@alex paetznick i'm with you there.
@jimmy here you go : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…
got two flights out of mine then. one of the motors would not spin. took of pcb board protector to find out than socket is not soldered to the board. now what do i do?
yup im in same boat. no email with shipping or anything. sadness
@adam nadeau- i still haven't received an email confirming shipment and tracking.  anyone else in the same boat?
i try to download the flexbot app to my s3 android phone but can't find it on play. is there no support for the s3?
@adam i also have not received a shipping email.  i ordered the 'competitive' set.  not sure whats up.  i think i was a fairly early backer i think.   i backed 9/2.
hi! must the motors be placed in a specific order? when i connect the battery i get a constant signal. what should i do? can't find any support on the sites.
i heard the the instructions that flexbot provide were not the most accurate and from what i here everyday in the comment section, there is a particular way to assemble the copter.  can anyone give me a directions or a picture i can refer to building my hexcopter. im going to cross my fingers and hope it fly's like it suppose to.
@bartek: does your hex actually connect with multiwiigui? i already had the drivers installed and it appears as an arduino leonardo to the system but mwg (with correct com port and any of the available speeds) won't connect to it.
did it just start smoking or actually catch fire with flames?
the email i received was from erp erp@seeedstudio.com. @hamish - hope you weren't flying indoors when it caught on fire. hope everything is ok. this doesn't sound comforting.
has anyone still not received any notification that there bot has shipped?
not be alarming but one of my motors just caught fire
received mine today! not easy to fly thou, got to practice. packaging is very well made, but after assembly, it can't fit into the box. those tiny motors are powerful!
@me@dawo.me: some rotors don't spin in locked mode. - be sure to put the flexbot on a flat surface (table, ground etc.) while turning it on (= connect the battery) - be sure that each alternating rotor spins in another direction
got my flexbot today, but there's a motor that won't spin in locked mode unless given the push (even after being swapped out with it's spare) and the copter veers straight in that direction initially during takeoff. haven't tried flying it yet though.
thank you@
@michael, you don't purchased nothing, you only pledged on the project and they give you a reward in change of...
@calvin mine shipped on the 7 th and im getting it today so about a good 16 days. and im in u.s too.
can anyone give an update as to how long it takes to ship to the us? just trying to get a handle on when to expect my package.
got my hex copter yesterday. had to switch propellers 1 & 2 to make it work. thanks to the other backers for leaving comments on what there found out with theirs. i wish the flexbot.cc website actually contained useful information. i believe the development team got overwhelmed with all the orders that the didn't think of a trouble shooting section on the website. hope they fix this. happy flying everyone.
i have been waiting for some footage from the camera also. i have a feeling it won't be very impressive...
according to update #19 the final design for the camera module should be ready, any change of showing that and some footage shot with soon?
i got my hex in the mail! after getting it set up, i've noticed one of the motors barely spins making it very uneven. i replaced with a spare motor (although i'm a little disappointed i have to use a spare right when i got it). it flies well, a little better than my quad copter but the touch screen controls really hamper the experience. i was also expected a little better control - when turned the quad copter falls. i assumed that hex would contain code to keep it level while moving around. many of the bigger quadcopters do this.
when an update indicates that next week most will ship, and something again falls through, all i ask for is another update.  lack of communication is bad when you have $200 of mine and i have received nothing in return.
be patient people, after so much time i recivied my track mail for the hexacopter... now wait until it arrives, i think they will finnish the shippment process this week, so be a little bit more patient please! :d
i got so excited this morning to log in and see a modification - too bad it was for a project i backed over a year ago still updating more then this one does. my previous message asking for any kind of update was ignored for several days now, still waiting on a response. happy to see some people finally getting in the air.
got mine up and flying this morning. it's the hex model and i did it outside in the grass so it would have something soft to fall on if it crashed. the controls are definitely sensitive on the phone, especially if you're used to flying with a normal rc transmitter. the instruction sheet that came with it wasn't too hard to follow. the motors are numbered in their envelopes and the diagram of where they go on the frame was clear enough. as others have said, you should do an acc and mag calibration after hooking up the battery and connecting to it with the phone while it's sitting on a level surface. you should calibrate the magnetometer after the accelerometers. once that was done, it hopped right off the ground and hovered. i easily got it to pitch back and forth and roll right and left but couldn't get it to yaw. has anyone had any problems with yaw control (spinning right and left)?
@martin garza: yes, i've backed this project with $249 and so far i have received nothing at all. my request for a refund got ignored.
has anyone who has paid $249 (71 of us) received their hexbot?  i am damn tired of this constant waiting for something that was promised in dec 2013.  no update if everything was shipped out last week.  what a lack of professionalism. - sincerely,  martin from chicago, il
@tom mayor why not use http://www.multiwii.com/forum/ ? the flexbot is multiwii based after all.
i think we need to create our own forum where we can share this info and photos and videos of assembly etc. it's so hard to find things in the comments.
great post bartek!!  lot's of useful info.  i wish benjamin would just compile all this info into an update.  how about a picture showing motor direction and propeller pitch for the people still having issues?
+1 for an shipping update. so far no email or copter! this is so unnerving!
the right android app is the one in play store dated on february 10th?
i wasn't really satisfied how the copter worked so i looked into code and noticed this is a multiwii software. how to calibrate: put copter on very flat surface, choose accelerometer calibration and wait 5s. it will save it's default angular position. then take it to your hand and choose mag calibration. now you have 30 seconds to rotate your copter in all angles in three dimensions. if you did it correctly your copter should be flying better. pro tip: if you like you can connect your copter to computer and use multiwii gui program to edit lots of sensitivity variables, calibrate it, change how it behaves in the air etc. it looks like this http://prntscr.com/3cbgxz  and can be downloaded here bit.ly/1ezwtfo (manual here bit.ly/1ezxuue ). to let it work first you must install arduino drivers ( bit.ly/1ifbycd ) lots of effort but interesting thing. you can also try such app for android but i haven't tested it yet (eg. bit.ly/1hkp3da ) hope it helped.
yep, my tracking number arrived 3 days ago. fingers crossed to make it through customs to be delivered next month :)
got my tracking number at the weekend aswel. actually got sent it twice. haha
just received the tracking number for my hex
@dp the usage documentation from the upstream multiwii project is pretty good: http://www.multiwii.com/wiki/index.php… http://www.multiwii.com/wiki/index.php… but not complete: http://www.multiwii.com/wiki/index.php… i completely agree that it would be very nice to have an update post (or even a blog post on flexbot.cc) that lists where to look for documentation and sources.
and yes, i did follow the numbering scheme in the instructions for the motors/blades.  i spent a good 10 minutes staring at all of the documentation trying to figure out where the numbering started/stopped and if it was relative to the top or bottom.  some silk screen on the pcb would've been great.  one of my blades was mis-matched though.  it appeared to have been swapped with its neighbor and that combined with the one motor rotating the wrong way made it completely unusable.
i've got my 6-motor version working decently well now.  i can at least hover with it.  i had two issues that were making things difficult 1) motor rotation direction and blades and 2) magnetometer calibration.  i broke a motor while pushing the blade onto it (be careful they're fragile).  i replaced it with one of the spares in the kit without thinking about the rotation direction or the blade direction..  if you look at the blades they're (regardless of wire color) designed to rotate either cw or ccw.  similarly the motors will either rotate cw or ccw when hooked up.  any two adjacent motors should rotate in the opposite direction and the blade's pitch/direction should match.  after getting that correct things went better.  if you discover a motor that rotates the wrong direction just disassemble the white connector with a knife and swap the wires (or figure out which motor is supposed to be in that position).  for the blade direction/pitch i spun up the motors and watched them spin down to see if they turned the correct way for the blade's shape.  sometimes when i try to fly it, the frame will just spin on the z-axis making it impossible to control correctly.  that seems to be related to the magnetometer calibration.  i haven't quite figured out the correct procedure for calibrating that, but sometimes hitting stop, going to calibrate magnetometer, and rotating it on each of the 3-axes for about 8 seconds each works.  i haven't bothered to look at the source code for the project...  all that said - the documentation is complete crap.  pretty instructions, but it would've been much more useful to have a clear picture of where to install the motors, what direction they should rotate, which blades go on which motor, how the spares differ/what to look for rotation and blade wise, and how to calibrate the magnetometer and accelerometer.  you @ben black, for $563,721 should post this and much more (like where the source code is, and all the other useful stuff in these comments) in an update!
received tracking number... lets see now how this goes.
it would be nice to get an update that explains the app.  what all the different buttons do, and how to use them.  for example: the calibration buttons.  maybe a short video showing how to trim the copters.
i swapped out one of my motors that seemed like it wasn't working hard enough, and success!  it now takes off straight up and hovers much better.  now i just need to practice flying it...
craig, check out the comments below. there are different types of motors and blades which have to go to the correct positions.
completely unflyable. just tips itself over every time and mows my lawn for me.
uk. no import as far as i know. i didn't
can anyone tell me what sort of import taxes i can expect to pay upon delivery to the uk?
and another one! i'm really looking forward to tinkering with it!
me too!
just received my tracking number!
got mine. i think not all the users would be informed with their tracking number after the hex been shipped. mine was just shown up at the weekend. setup is easy,but like others says, it's very difficult for me to control it. my shell is not that fragile, it survives a lot of crash..... i seriously don't think i can control it smoothly just by practice, so i hope it can be improved by updating the firmware and software.
@joachim kiefer i wouldn't say i am happy now. but after backed smartduino and waited _a year_ for my reward so i am not shocked easily...
thanks benjamin black. recieved the package. very smooth prints. amazing product. not very stable on flight (i hope their is a firmware fix). i have to say that i am 100% satisfied. since its open source - already broke the body and printed new one - motor replacement is very easy - packaging cannot be better - i intend to tamper with the firmware. i am familiar with arduino uno i hope it would be the same.
i totally agree with kai. this is not amazon.  but: i'm feeling really disappointed right now. the first eta was before christmas. now it's nearly end of april and still no shipping information :-/
+katherine krieger i haven't received my flexbot but if it works like the printrbot i will be more than happy. this one sits on my desk and prints one usefull thing after another. the customer support is great. what was your issue with printrbot? i backed quite a few projects now and most of them had some problems. i now am very happy with my pepple smartwatch but this one came out with a huge delay an was missing essential features at start. but the team worked hard and today i have a good working watch that satiefies me. i hope the flexbot team will continue to work on their product and deliver some updates if necessary. kickstarter is not amazon shopping.
still waiting for my refund.  you should be ashamed of yourselfs, just read below.  you should be banned from offering any other kickstarter projects.  this is what happens when you send people crap that does not work.  can anyone say class-action law suit?
how do you find a kickstarter project that dosn't suck. this is my second and last. the experience is more or less the same. it's all marketing and little or no followup. they eventually deliver some hardware that looks like the pictures but with poor or missing documentation. for this project, as with printrbot, information is just scattered all over the place. why can't these guys just put all the instructions in one place? why do i have to read all the comments just to figure out how the project is assembled and operated? this project seems to be even worse than printrbot: it doesn't even come close to being what was promised. these guys raised over $560 thousand and delivered a crap product with essentially no support. just read thru the comments and count the number of "helpful" responces by the backers. it's pathetic. what a ripoff. and of course kickstarter itself is no help.
terrible flying experience as everyone else even after watching the vimeo video for flying instruction huge tilt forward no power seem to come from the back propeller. any updates from the creators...
my impressions so far - i've spent about 2 hours trying to operate this thing (that's more than 10 recharges), and even after a while of practicing i still think that hex is extremely difficult to control, it does not hold the altitude well (very sensitive while in the air), it keeps tilting and slightly rotating, and overall is very unstable. after each recharge i have to spend a few minutes trimming the angles because for some reason app doesn't remember last settings.  it would be helpful if there was an option to modify sensitivity settings (although it would not solve the problem entirely).  currently i see no way hex could work with a camera, frankly, i wish i could get my money back, at least for the camera and wi-fi module as they are going to be absolutely useless to me.  i am happy that i supported a new venture, but unfortunately far from satisfied with the result so far. resume: i have to say that at this stage product is very raw and dysfunctional as it cannot perform it's basic functions declared in the project description. manage your expectations guys, it's a toy which still needs a lot of work and refinement.
also the lack of numbers on the board and frame for positioning the motors was a problem. i am really hopeful that the numbering in the instructions (1 at 1-o-clock, 2 at 11, 3 at 9, 4 at 7, 5 at 5, 6 at 3) was accurate, with the flexbot text on the top of the board as a reference.
got mine and put it together today. i made the mistake of holding the first motor by its casing while pressing the propeller on, so the base of the motor popped out. i could probably make it fit and stay with some superglue, but i went with one of the spares instead. like many others below, i'm sad about the bluetooth version requirement. i run cyanogenmod on a galaxy s3, so i'm hopeful to get it working with my next update. i am also annoyed that the copter does not fit back in the box assembled. thanks to michael currens below for the idea to carve out part of the latch to make it fit.
hmm, i can't seem to install the flexbot app. i have both android 4.4 and ble but it shows that "the device isn't compaitable with this version" on the play store. any help on this? i have the lg g2
@mike cornelius: hi mike, would you tell us more about your problem? -flexbot
@dp: the hmc5883 is a magnetometer, but i don't know why they attached it to the main bus instead of the mpu6050 aux channel. i guess it saves pcb space since you avoid another set of pullups.
@jason wang, i have a hex (not a quad) and definitely can't get it to hover..  it would help if the 'front' could maintain a constant bearing..  i'm seeing an option to "calibrate magnetometer" and people posting tutorials, but does this board even have a magnetometer/compass?  nothing is connected to the mpu-6050 aux connectors and i don't see any other components that appear to be related...
is there even a video of flexbot hovering stationary?
ahhh here's a tip that may help:- when using the app in 'acc' mode you must press and hold the right hand control button for the copter to respond to the motion of the controller. (assuming that you have the app configured for throttle on the left). maybe that's obvious to some people but it wasn't for me.
how do i know where the motors/props are supposed to go? is there a way to trouble shoot which motor is wrong from the way it's flipping?
oops,  accidental "submit" press. ahem. can anyone point me towards the "how to fly this darn thing" section? my trim is all sorts of wacky, i can't seem to being it back into level. haven't even lifted of yet because it's so bad. i'm running cm11 on the nexus 4, if that matters
hey guys, got my hex and finally have my nexus 4 back online. can anyone point me tipstaff's the
hex: a copter than anyone can't fly! still waiting......
@vitor, you are right. i finally started looking closely at the props and realized two of them were switched. not sure how i managed it. anyway, fixed that and finally got the thing in the air. much happier now! i will admit though, the "easy" mode is still a challenge to control
another flying attempt https://www.youtube.com/watch…
flipping = wrong motors and propellers position.
i'm having the same issue as others here. i can't get mine to even leave the ground. it just tries to flip over. calibrating the app seems to have no affect. less than satisfied with this experience.
shouldn't this be fixable by tweaking the open source firmware?
here's a short video of me "flying" experience  https://www.youtube.com/watch… beginner = on, accelerometer & magnetometer are callibrated. trying to make the slightest turns and hover over, no luck.
please post another short update about the shipping situation. i don't mind that mine hasn't shipped yet, just be transparent and tell us how things are going. even if nothing happened, just keep us updated.
do we have any news on the shipping? it's now a week later with still no news. again do you have an update on the camera module? i'm starting to get concerned about all i am reading about this project :-( i hate to ask this but what process do we need to go through to get our money back? the only other question is to people who have had tracking e-mails how long did it take to get the item? please give us a happy easter and let us all know what is happening.
that's the week over and still no word of shipment. very disappointed in flexbot over promising and not being able to deliver. literary!
i've had my hex for a couple of weeks now and like many others here i'm having no real luck getting it to fly :( all motors and props are properly installed and i think i've run the calibration procedure, yet i still can't get stable flight. some tips from the creator would be greatly appreciated.
i still have received nothing, not even a tracking number. this is getting ridiculous, we were promised the remaining 2000 units this week and yet some of us even have yet to get contact.
i got mine yesterday.  i'm having a little trouble flying it, but it does have plenty of power!  i was hoping it would be able to hover without much user input...  my only other complaint is the nice box that it came in. it is slightly too small to carry the copter around in after it's assembled.  i'm hoping maybe there will be an app update that will help make it easier to fly.
anyone know how can i get refund? take too long, and seen like not many people got a good fly result.
@andrei a.: thanks! that's what i needed to know.
@koen kooi: they are, on the back. along with gnd and 3.3v. no pcb rev info that i can spot. sorry, don't have a camera on hand.
any shipping updates?
december...................... 5 months later... still no reward.. still no tracking number... oh yeah and i pledged for the one with the webcam module... which i will get i guess by 2017.
can someone who received a bot post a picture of the front and back of the pcb? i'm curious if the sda and scl pads are still exposed. they are in the photos in the updates section, but i can't figure out if those are of the old, big pcb or the new smaller pcb.
it is amazing what we all can accomplish as 4,670 people supporting one goal. this system of kickstarter enables the dreamer in all of us and enables those who are daring to create a project. creating a product takes time and there will always be obstacles that are unforeseen. great job hex airbot; best of luck in your endeavors.
this was my first kickstarter project. what a failure! i doubt i will ever receive my reward. kickstarter should hold 50% of all rewards until the project delivers the product. it's hurting kickstarter, not the clowns who take the money.
i too am still waiting for a tracking number or some kind of know acknowledgment of shipment
so, it looks like the battery connector is what's called "micro losi".
for all of you who broke their copter while training, here is a little tip that will do wonders: just get some acetone, dip one of the two broken parts in acetone for 3-5 sec (not the entire piece, just the part that will come in contact with the other half), and put it back in place while gently pressing the two pieces together. wait a few (5-10) minutes for the acetone to evaporate and tadaaaah! copter repaired! also, i would recommend anyone to do this to every motor support when they receive their copter, as i believe it will reinforce these fragile parts (especially for those who wanted to have a camera, as the frame has been lightened). it's easy to do, just fill a shooter glass (big enough to dip the motor support in it) with acetone, then dip each support in it for 3-5sec. do it for all the support, and then put the frame for 5-10 minutes on a support (like a reversed glass or a bottle cap or something) so the acetone can evaporate. your copter will be shinier when you finished, and i believe it will also be stronger. (the effect is the same as http://hackaday.com/2013/03/23/smoothing-3d-prints-with-acetone-vapor/ or http://hackaday.com/2013/02/26/giving-3d-printed-parts-a-shiny-smooth-finish/ , flexbot team, you should add that step to your manufacturing process, could be done in batches i reckon, two benefits: better looking parts, and stronger too!). also, with koen kooi, we updated the code to the latest multiwii version (here https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware , not for the faint of heart, compile with the original 1.0.5 arduino ide, as leonardo board, can be uploaded. code not reviewed yet, upload at your own risk!).
still waiting on a tracking number. i pledged for the hex. would love some feedback
i had the same problem, looking at the blades for the black motors, i have 3 that face one direction and 1 that faces the other. this clearly is a problem... i got the extra blades so i'm replacing one with the orange blade, but this is clearly a mistake. i expect we will all get a fixed set of blades for this issue?
super glue is your best friend!  broke the top and an arm instantly but super glue fixed it quick. is there anything to show how to get control of this thing?  i am going to be very happy once i do get control of it.  i love the quickness and speed...
@josheph your best back is to contact through the contact me button under the product creators block. however, i doubt he will be of much help. as far as i understand the camera module is still in the prototype stage and has a decent bit to go before it will ship. the hexcopters are shipping (still have not received mine), but along with the quadcopters are riddled with problems.
i didn't get what i "backed". an aerial photographer shell, a wi-fi webcam module and a spare propellers set. this was not given to me... who do i contact?
i am honestly at my wits end - i have received no contact nor product and have heard from almost every source that the copter is total trash. i have yet to see a sustainable product line, even the ability to order extra props or motors, and i really am losing any trust i had left. any meaningful contact (ie. not the copter has no problems, you need to recalibrate) would mean worlds.
can the people behind this kickstarter please give us an official support contact method for your product.
i received my flexcopert today. but the acceleration is too fast. and i cant find a autopilot. is there any manual who explain the app with alle the features?
i've requested a refund - this was purchased for my 11 year old son and it doesn't sound like it's a good fit at all.
i received the hex copter and found that it's total junk. 1. the motors are fragile; if you hold the motor body while pressing on the propellers, the base of the motor will pop out, ruining the motor.  i had one break while attaching a propeller and a second motor fail after a few minutes of flight. 2. the copter is unstable along pitch and roll and drifts immediately after takeoff.  the trim controls in the app give no feedback (how much have i adjusted?) but don't seem to do anything anyway 3. the copter is unstable along yaw.  it begins slowly rotating immediately after take off, making it difficult to keep track of its heading. 4. the app has no instructions about its features and what they do. 5. assembly instructions are lacking.  i was able to figure out the motor positions only by matching features of my copter to the picture. after reading this forum, i tried slick's comment about using the "calibrate acc" and "calibrate mag" buttons.  if anything, after trying this the copter became even more erratic. finally, when i decided to quit, i turned off my phone/controller, and a few seconds later the copter started accelerating unpredictably and flopping around as i was trying to grab it.  every modern copter should shut down when it does not detect a controller.  this is dangerous. i understand this is a new product, but there are literally thousands of different multi prop copters out there, hundreds that are much cheaper and all are capable of stable flight out of the box.  i expected to meet challenges hacking on this, not just getting it to fly.
pablo, hex "based" it's code on the multiwii project, actually i will diff the two solutions and see what is actually changed. multiwii documentation can be found here: http://www.multiwii.com/ and here: http://code.google.com/p/multiwii/source/browse/#svn%2ftags%2fversion-2.2%2fmultiwii%253fstate%253dclosed
there is any documentation about the source code? ok, there are comments, but it's a bit complicated to follow all the steps and figure out what is doing what...
no tracking here yet either.  hex (not quad), dunno if it makes any difference.
iv not heard anything in the uk either!
same boat as @joachim. no copter. not even a tracking number. i was hoping they would have been sent by now and flexbots shipping worries were over. apparently not !
hm. wednesday and still no tracking number.  that's gonna be a very late christmas present :-(
looks like the flexbot team is experimenting with sonar: https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_quad/tree/feature-sonar
the copters controls are horrible. i will put this away and hope for a software update to smooth things out before i crash it beyond repair. very disappointed.
just got my flexbot today, assembled and flying in the time it took to charge up the battery! i am looking for extra propellers since, as i expected, i've managed to put some stress lines in one of the props. as far as flying the thing, it's cool. definitely a bit of a learning curve; i suspect i haven't properly calibrated it and should have a lighter touch on the controls. as it is, i've learned that it's easiest to hold the frame and control it while holding on. this allows you to get a feel for how fast the controls affect the tilt of the copter.
the code has been posted here a million times. the sound is from the motors lol...
i got the copter and its awesome!  is there anyway to disable the speaker (will the arduino source code be released?)
dr wilhelm. i am on android 4.3. i have no issues connecting and flying. have you installed app and tried to operate the device? search for flexbot in google play store.
@will why don't you read stuff before complaining? annoying are people like you that can't search stuff own their own and ask the same question over and over again! they will never work with ios 5, wanna know why? because ble api was only implemented on ios6 and above, and there is more, if you are using a device with ios5 there is a big chance that it does not have bluetooth 4 (hardware), the only compatible devices are  iphone 5 (all models), iphone 4s, ipad air, ipad (3rd gen or later), ipad mini (all models) and ipod touch (5th gen or later).
got mine today and it flies well. needs space as you first fly it. it is very responsive and can take off like a rocket. i only wish there was an easier way to trim out the controls. i have tried various ways and nothing i do seems to allow for a hover or straight up take off. it seems to lean one way or another.  i do like it and cant wait for the cam to show up.
i would like a refund please. really pissed off with this project......tired of waiting.....and it sounds like this thing breaks really easy.
will you add support for ios 5 ? it is a little annoying that i can't fly my copter.
salut, i used the video and the pictures in the updates section to assemble the copter: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1387330585/hex-a-copter-that-anyone-can-fly/posts/785207 (you have to scroll down to the second part of that update) i also got informed that android 4.4 is the minimum android release required to run the app.  so good bye and good luck for all of you - i am out (not buying a new android phone - gor that money i get a large hexacopter) mathias
i cant get this to even fly. broke a motor (plastic came off bottom) when i tried to press it onto the shaft.  impossible to tell which are counter clockwise and which arent and there isnt a diagram to show how to get it to fly...
has anyone had problems with connecting the copter.  after i turn it on the app still does not see anything.
same issue as pablo pedro bellissimo has. very hard to control, it accelerates very fast even in beginner mode, also needs to be calibrated as it keeps slightly tilting in neutral position
well, despite misleading manual i managed to assemble it fine. but within the first 5 minutes of use, it hit the wall and plastic arm cracked. will try to fix it with some superglue.
reading all the latest comment. look like printing the frame shell using the 3d printer is a mistake. it should use plastic injection moulding for the frame shell. off course for the custom make frame is using 3d printer shell.as a creator , if all the backer after receive the flexbot and can only work for 1 month or less. do you think your backer still want to support this product?
thanks vitor. only i couldn't find the video. also i have the quad and all motors are the same. is there a pic of how the props should go on the quad? cheers!!
@jason ure, not only the colors must match but the position too, there is cw and ccw propellers for each color. read again the instructions, and look at the video that they explain the positions of the propellers on update 18.
the result when trying to fly is it tilts forward. like the back 2 motors are lifting and the other two are not.
yep it's only 4 motors. so what is the color config for the props? i've tried 2 orange at the front, and alternating black and orange. but only tried front left orange then alternating.  sorry but the instructions were not very clear. thanks! ;)
i received it few days ago, in luxembourg. on my side i can say that it was working fine, hard to control because it accelerate very fast. it was.... because now it's broken :-(
salut, just to add: google nexus 3 on 4.3 is not supported by the app as well. so ...  at least i can re-use the motors ... ciao, mathias
salut, when i back a project i read the project description and it said android and bluetooth 4.0. i do not google further if my device is compliant with these requirements. i would have appreciated a note on this from the project owner and it is not the obligation of the backer to retrieve these restrictions. thanks for the kind support mathias
@dr. mathias wilhelm this is not a requirement for the copter and has nothing to do with the copter. google only developed an api to support ble devices on android 4.3.  before buying things you should read  and understand  the requirements first. http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth-le.html
salut, i received my flexbot on saturday. although my two android phones have bluetooth 4.0, they are on android 4.2 (sony and samsung) - so i have a nice hexcopter to collect dust. very disappointing but i will not buy a new android 4.3++ phone for this. i cannot find on the homepage nor on the updates the requirement for android 4.3++ - 4 months waiting just to find out i can dump this. lovely, great thanks mathias
jason, did u get a hexacopter or quadcopter? only the hex has "black wire" motors.
hi guys. got mine today. only it doesn't fly. i've read on here about motors with black wires. i don't have any with black wires. i've got 6 all with red/blue wires. would this be the reason. i do have 2 black props  though. the motors spin 1 cw 2 acw 3 cw 4 acw (clockwise is cw). any help? cheers.
my helicopter turned up in australia this evening. now to have a play and wait for the camera to turn up.
the green plastic case that comes with the hex can be modified to hold the assembled hex, charger and a few extra pieces.  i (carefully) carved out the latch recess on the box top and everything now fits.  ab ok case (held closed with a rubber band).  a suggestion to flexbot would be to redesign the latching to allow using the case to hold the assembled hex.  trivia -- i received my tracking number email on 3/19 and received the hex on 4/12.
if you break your shell/ want a spare or different colors email me i can get you them for cheap. you know you'll never get them from these guys lol....email me for info at gofasttshirts@gmail.com
i want a refund!  this thing is a piece of crap
@vitor de miranda henrique have you seen https://github.com/treymarc/multiwii-mavlink-gc ? it's a protocol translator so you can control multiwii copters with qgroundcontrol
finally got my refund.
i got my heaxacopter but the wrong propellors. im missing one clockwise propellor and have one-too-many anti-clockwise. anyone have the same problem? anyone hacked the arduino board to fix this problem by sending a propeller in a different direction?
so of course, i keep looking back in the comments, and find: quadcopter: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:274396 hexcopter: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:274422 posting so it's easier for others to find. you might want to link to these in your site, blog or kickstart updates, since scrolling through kickstarter comments is pretty tedious. :-)
guys, have you released stl files for the shells, or (better yet) the measurements for the parts so we can design our own? i thought i recalled a post on this, but now i can't find it...
@fury 　i have the same problem with you, assembled the unit before finding out each motors are numbered and different from each other and it did not fly now.  i am also eager to  to know if there is a way to tell which motor should go where. to others who have not assembled yet, please note the numbers in step 4.
i can't get it to hover more than half an inch off the ground.  my guess is the trim is incorrect but how can i determine what it is i need to do to the trim to get it to hover?  ideally the trim feature should indicate how much trim already exists.  i still have hope but this is frustrating.
well so far i'm kind of happy, everything turned up in one piece. however, i'm missing a rotor blade and had to use one of the spares. though the biggest problem is the fact they shipped it with a bloody us power adaptor and so i've not been even able to crash it! it can't have been that hard to supply a european power supply...
@slick, others: are you saying you can get a good hover where you can take your hands off of the controls? i definitely don't have that. i have to do the throttle-up/throttle-down dance constantly to keep it in a semi controlled flight. i didn't the magnetometer step the same way, i wonder if that has something to do with it.
oh i forgot to add, if you want to recalibrate, you have to hit the lock button so that the red light is off before it will work.  then hit the unlock butting to fly again. this app really could use some work, and there could be much better documentation.
i got mine today, i got the hex.  so i'm going to repost this because i had to search to find all this info and it wasn't all in one place. i'm using the android app so this is about that i don't know about the iphone app. 1. after assembly power on the copter then open the app. 2. hit the gear icon in the top right to open the settings menu 3. hit scan to find your flexbot and folow the dialogs to connect 4. once it says 'connected' hit calibrate acc.  the red light will light , then flash then go out. calibration complete 5. now hit calibrate mag 6 the red light will flash, pick up the copter and rotate around the various axes till the light goes out. at this point i leave it set to beginner mode and turn acc mode off, and then hover and adjust the trim till i can get it reasonable.  i'm better at controlling direction with taps rather than keeping my thumb on the control.  the direction control should snap back to the middle allowing small adjustments.
@tom: she's fearless! it's actually hard to keep her away from it. @pierre: the beep is normal, or high pitched whine anyway. the motors do run even before you start flying, at least on mine, but they are just barely on. (if you touch the propeller they will stop).
i've received mine yesterday. after assembly, i've found that one motor doesn't work. after further examination, it seems that there some black depot near the connector. in the mean time, when i connect a battery, all the motors (except one, of course) are running, with a continuous beep. what does this mean, and what i have to do to make my copter work ?
cheers richard. i must admit i spent most of the video watching your cats reaction! haha
here's some videos of me flying, to prove it's not entirely a hoax ;) https://www.dropbox.com/sh/5s5jvqeibkzp20d/nz5fblahwb
mine arrived yesterday. packaging is very nice. after a little trouble with set up (i didn't know how hexcopters have counter rotating propellers) i looked through the comments and it's all working fine now. basically just check to make sure the propellers are all blowing air downwards! i almost broke off one of the connectors on the board but luckilly it just bent which was easilly fixed without much trouble. first day i could not get it to fly at all. again, read through the comments and calibrated it all and it now flies perfectly! tip from me is to put it on acc mode, calibrate it (put it on the ground and press calibrate acc, wait for light to stop flashing) then just hover it. if it flies forward then hit back on the trim, flies right hit left etc until it pretty much flies level. then you can take acc mode off and fly it around yourself. it's difficult to get it to perfectly hover but this is my first copter so i'm happy it's not crashing into walls any more! for those who have broken it already, perhaps you're just not being careful enough with it. the pieces are small so will quite easily be snapped. for me it's survived some quite hefty crashes so i have absolutely no issue with the build quality. only small issue i have is the batteries and that i now worry about running them too low. however, it seems pretty obvious when they are running out because it pretty much just shuts off instantly. hopefully in the future there is the option to purchase higher capacity batteries. as for the extra connector, i'm assuming it will be for the camera? which i can't wait for it to arrive. all in all, i'm very happy i backed it so great job creators!
got mine today, i need to know how to file a claim as one of the motor mounts was broken off when i opened it.
waiting for mine also.  please email me the tracking number when it is available. thanks.
can you please send me my tracking nummer? i wait & wait & wait :(
got my hex copter today, 10 minutes after opening and following the simple but adequate instructions i was up and flying. took a couple minutes to get the hang of the controls but its pretty much what i was expecting. well done on the kickstarter and product.
just got mine. one of the motor clasps cracked while carefully trying to insert the motor. i was hoping that applying throttle without directional input would result in a vertical hover. it didn't. the first flight (about 3 feet)   lunged forward and landed a little hard, snapping the cracked clasp. perhaps i was just unlucky? anyway, i'm shelving it for a few months. hopefully some improvements are made by then. also, the instructions could have been a bit clearer. step 3 should mention there are two images in the booklet with socket numbering. step 4 mentions small arm indentations for wiring which i couldn't find. is there any mention of the second battery connector?
@garrett moffitt apparently you don't like to read instructions and read before asking, so, no help to you, at least for my part, this have been answered 100 times on this comments / updates.
kory: i would message them directly, they don't seem to monitor this i guess. i forgot on my review to say the packaging was amazing, extremely well done, and i see now why they  had so many skus to deal with.
posted this under the update, but thought i would post it here also. got my hexbot yesterday.  went to plug in the motors and noticed i only had five connectors.  i found one in the box.  the connector on m4 has fallen off there is not much there to solder since it looks like the pins actually broke off.  any chance i can get a new board since this one is useless?  had high hopes for this kickstarter, disappointed so far.
still waiting on mine in the uk aswell. eager to get my hands on it. i'm supposed no one has yet done any videos of ass my or of flight to show us all how it goes...
just assembled mine and charged it. i can not get the battery to unplug.  after ten minutes of trying, i tried using a screw driver to wedge them part. the only thing that happen is i accidentally shorted the wire. i knew that might happen, but i am so fricken frustrated. who the hell makes an rc batter plug that small that also locks into place? i have a quad, but the board has 6 plugs. which ones do i use? are the motor mounts supposed to be numbered? it this point i might just clip the wires and put a better connector. .. or throw the thing in the trash. bah. i'll just let it sit and look at  it in the morning, maybe i'm missing something.
just a follow up on my last post. i followed this image's setup: http://imgur.com/xvfnfhy - down to the color of the rotor blades, color of the wire leads, and the angle of attack that the prop-blades were configured. the thing now flies rock steady without nary a rotation issue. i think i basically had the motors backwards. i'm having a hard time distinguishing which way is 'forward', but all in all its not much harder to learn it vs some other more ambitious remote control helicopters.  now if only we could get rid of the pwm whine the thing seems to be insistent on putting out.
i still don't have a hex, nor a shipping number. i was backed it about half way through the campaign and the only response i got to the message i sent was there was a "system" and i would get it when i get it. i have been trying to make a positive situation out of this for a long time but hearing what everyone else is saying is making it hard. my hubsan x4 cost less with included controller and flies like a champ, and yet i paid $70 to be blown off when i ask where is my product. really wish we would get an update, or something.
my patients is running out!  i spent $250 for a products that were supposed to be delivered in december.  they are now christmas gifts for 2014 i guess since it's to late to cancel the charges on my card.  hmmm how conveeeeeeenient.
update to my remarks yesterday: ok, got it to lift off. i should have paid attention to the rotor/motor outside packs. they are numbered. i went on google to check how these things are suppose to work. if somebody else, missed this here is how it works: rotor 1: spins counter clockwise, orange - make sure the rotor pushes air down.  rotor 2: opposite rotation to 1, other orange rotor.  rotor 3: like 1, black rotor, make sure the it's pushing air down rotor 4: same then 2, black.  in the standby mode, you can see what direction the all go.  i think regardless of the color, the are the same type of rotors, just make sure, they are all pushing the air down. is there anywhere a description on how to calibrate this and what it all means? what are the different screens for? tip: to start put it on a floor with enough space around and let it lift off just 1 inch. then try to steer it as gently as you can with the other control.  it's hard, but i guess it needs a lot of practice.
just opened up mine today. it is very well made, and i am glad that my part of funding went toward mass production means for additive 3d printing. the choice in plastic was good - the flexibility of the arms means that the thing has held up phenomenally after some pretty harsh drops. the latching mechanism for the battery tray is a really good idea, although i would have designed a bit of a latching mechanism since it seems to fall out pretty easily, had issues with the ordering of the propellers. i didn't realize that the numbering in the instructions was specific since i didn't see any numbers on the proellers themselves - i had thought it was an ordering situation. what ended up happening was that the propellers were facing the wrong direction - so they were pushing the air the wrong way and making it flip upside down.  i solved it by moving the propellers around so that the angles were alternating. you can test the right orientation by seeing which way the propellers spin when it first powers up - it should be pushing the air downward. another issue i'm still having is that it seems to spin continuously - we can't get it to stop even with trim controls.
i called my credit card company to cancel the transaction. unfortunately, if a transaction on your credit card is older than 120 days, the charge will not be removed. so, 120 days from october would put us at about mid-february of this year. this is my first kickstarter and i doubt i will do another one. the communication sucks and from the comments i have been reading, so does the final product. i still have not received my hexcopter.
it seems like you're trying really hard to annoy everyone with the lack of updates. i find it disrespectful to your bakers..
ok, just got mine :) some notes: 1) my packets were all labeled with the right motor info, and the right placement in the directions. 2) it doesn't seem like i got the extra propellers...it seems like you would need 3-4 at least, given the different orientations. i'll contact them directly on this.  3) i can mostly hover. it's very sensitive, and i think that i have a background in rc helicopters helps here. you really have to be easy on the throttle, while maintaining the right level of power. not having tactile feedback really hurts here. maybe even an option to vibrate as you increase/decrease throttle would be nice. 4) when it does run lower on power, yes the motors decrease quickly so you can tell.  5) had to turn on/off bluetooth once to get it back. so, w/o the camera module here yet, i rate it about 6/10. commercial hex/quadcopters that you use regular controllers for can be cheaper and also easier. we'll see where we get with future firmware updates, and how it handles with the camera on (with extra weight it will actually dampen the controls more and possibly make it easier to fly/more stable).
also, one of the arms just broke...
got my hex-copter yesterday and am extremely disappointed. this thing is impossible to fly even after reading the comments here and supposedly calibrating it. there is no way that any video shot with this thing will be usable for anything when the camera module gets here. definitely disappointed and should have followed my friends' lead and canceled this thing months ago.... ugh.
mine is a quad. all my motors (4 + 2 replacement) are blue/red wired. is that a problem? btw, what means the wire colors?
when reading the instructions i didn't see which motor should go where... the motors aren't numbered, the propellors aren't number and i can't find the number on the frame... at step 4 i did see a figure but this was a bit late as i allready assembled the unit. so basically i have no idea which motor is which and which rotor should go where... and the hexacopter doesn't fly. if anyone has a diagram showing which way a motor should turn and what the propellor orientation is that would be very helpful :) p.s. i never noticed the diagram as it was printed on the back on the instruction manual...
can anyone who's received the the hex please inform me what's the shippers address? (like to know to decline receiving) i'm not pleased with hex (lack of) customer service and silence from kickstarter q&a on here.
any ideas were we can buy new motors just broken all but 1 of mine snapping them into a frame. nite don't push down hard as motors will break in half
i'm just going to highlight some of the hexcopters kickstarter campaign: hex: a copter that anyone can fly! hex is the world's first personalized smartphone controlled nanocopter that lets you see the world from a different perspective. -have not seen this copter's video from an aerial world perspective. shouldn't we have seen some kind of progress by now with them flying. what makes hex so special: 1. piloting made easy: with an extremely user-friendly control app, everyone can enjoy the feeling of being a pilot. -doesnt sound easy to control after hearing everyone crashes into walls and cant adjust the trim. 2. see the world from a different perspective: put a camera on hex and take video from the air, in real time. -still have not seen this camera in action. why? 3. personalize your flying experience: you decide what you want your hex to look like. -filled out some surveys for colors. 4. be creative and hack: hex is completely open source, modify it in any way you like. - have yet to receive either of my copters, cant hack away. 5. no soldering required: just click the kit to together to create your own personal copter in minutes. - i think they were able to fulfill this one. • auto-stabilization hex’s flight control system is paired with various sensors help to make flying more safe and steady. these components massively reduce the risk of crashing. the sophisticated electronics in the copter allow it to sense when hex is not balanced and adjust the motor speeds accordingly. - i like the part ~ "massively reduce the risk of crashing" • auto-balancing hacks the autopilot system of hex allows it to auto-balance itself in mid-air, but if you are creative, the same circuit board can be used to balance other devices such as a two-wheeled robot car, fixed-wing aircrafts, camera gimbals, submarines etc. -sounds like you have to balance it on a flat level table, then rotate it 360 degrees, then pray to the copter gods that it can even take off the ground. • flight time: 7 minutes - 6 minutes pretty close. ============== i just wanted to re-state what and why i backed you ks campaign based on what you would be providing to us backers. without all of us backers believing and backing in your campaign your project would not have been funded. you owe it to us to be more transparent and give us updates on what is going on. the more time goes on the less i believe.
can anyone who's received the the hex please inform me what's the shippers address?  i'm not pleased with hex customer service and silence from kickstarter q&a on here.  i will be refusing my shipment.
@richard and others re: battery voltage detection: will the battery actually be damaged in normal use? i mean... i suspect (can't test for now) that the motors will slow to a crawl bellow a certain voltage that's still safe for the battery. you'll know you *have to disconnect* and recharge because there's just no more usable juice but the battery should still be ok. thoughts?
i see a lot of people complaining that the frame is breaking. is the frame made out of abs? if so, something like the link below could strengthen it. basically using a little acetone to dissolve the outside will fuse the printed layers together and make it stronger.  if the frame is pla we might be screwed. i haven't tried, but everyone online says they don't have much luck melting pla. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/80558896/makeraser-makelastic-accessories-for-3d-printers…
@koen kooi my priority right now is to code an app to control the copter with my mac using a ps4 controller. i took a look on the firmware code and it requires some studding before modifying things, i can help with that but not on a near future.
@ge if you just paid attention to the color you are completely ignoring the instructions and what people are tired to say here. you have the correct position to each propeller including the color and the rotation side (cw or ccw).  @richard goodwi, i don't think so, you need to add hardware to the board, make it read the lipo voltage and shut down the copter before it is dead, i guess building a small board and add to the current copter could be done with one of these https://www.sparkfun.com/products/10828 and modifying the firmware, but honestly don't worth the trouble.
@ionparticle: i've tried to find the multiwii revision where flexbot based their firmware on and i'm reasonable sure it's https://github.com/multiwii/multiwii-firmware/commit/5af6d55 i've created 2 branches for the flexbot versions, but with multiwii history to make it easier to update: https://github.com/koenkooi/multiwii-firmware/branches it looks like it shouldn't be too hard to import the past year of multiwii changes or to recreate the flexbot changes on top of the current multiwii, any volunteers?
can the low voltage detection be added in the firmware? the update suggested it was going to be "fixed during manufacturing" which sounds like a board issue; that sucks because i know there's no way they're going to replace the boards for us. every $25+ copter i've had has low voltage warnings so you don't kill the battery....
hello all, i received my hexacopter today and i tried it immediately. the first result was very disappointing but after reading the different comments here i had my first success! as mentioned by @ionparticle you need to calibrate the accelerometer (calibrate acc. in the app) and the magnetometer (calibrate mag.) it is important to do the calibration when the copter is off, i.e. connected to the battery but after hitting the stop button in the app. the red led is then turned off and you can calibrate. you have then to turn it back on (with the round button in the midle at the bottom of the app screen) and go flying. i'm using the acc. mode on, and headfree mode off and after the third battery charge and some accident (all without broken parts!)  i'm able to make the copter hover. i'll now try changing some settings (aileron/elevator dead band, ruddeer dead band, headfree mode)  to better understand the application.
still no tracking number here :-( a update on the sending status would be nice
okay, the motor idle noise is really frustrating :s is there any way to have it just stop it's props when not throttled? do you guys have a forum? --would be more appropriate to discuss these things on a place like that.
hey, got mine just now in denmark! :)
sorry guys, this is the correct link. a newbie question. how i can get or built this: http://twitpic.com/e0rxyd
a newbie question. how i can get or built this: pic.twitter.com/vdpvxivy1r
psa: how to calibrate calibrate acc: place copter on a flat surface, make sure it's not moving, then hit the button. a red light should then flash on, wait until it turns off before proceediing. calibrate mag: put the copter down. hit the button, press ok. a red light should now start flashing. pick the copter up, turn it over slowly 360 degrees, put it back down. wait until red light stops flashing. i found these steps after realing that flexbot is running a custom version of the multiwii copter firmware from: http://code.google.com/p/multiwii/ note that while completing these calibrations made my copter a bit less temperamental, it's still overly sensitive and drifts all the over place. i'm hoping that digging into the multiwii material will help fix these problems. just got mine today (tracking number was given ahead of time). overall, i'm actually impressed by the excellent hardware kit & packaging, but really unhappy with what looks like really poor software making flexbot impossible to fly.
got it today. was easy to put together. however, it does not take off... all rotors are turning. the 2 orange ones close to the usb port, the black ones on the other side.  charged the battery, connected. high pitch tone, rotors start turning.  connected to iphone app. fast bluetooth connection. beginners mode. i did all exactly according to the manual and youtube manual. when i pull the ever up, the rotors rotate at high speed, but the flexbot does not lift off... i tried all different settings, but nothing helps. any ideas?
recieved my flex today, so i decided to write a little review. the packaging was really well made, nice plastic case for everything and all the instructions were printed on nice paper. the instructions are pretty straight forward, but it could be clearer that it is really important that the right propeller goes in the right place. neither the propellers or the motors are marked, the numbers are on the paper package they are in, so if you empty every bag on the table, you are gonna have a bad time. the frames are really really fragile, and i broke one of mine during assembly. more precisely, the cable routing canals completely kills the durability of the frames and shouldn't have been there in the first place. when all is assembled you notice that the powerplug isn't capable with your sockets, but thats nothing that can't be fixed easily. then there was flying. right of the bat it's all over the place, then i noticed that it has to stay flat when you plug in the power cable. after that i realize that this thing is near impossible to fly, the controls are really sensitive, too much throtle and it shoots up in the roof and finding the sweet spot to make it hover is really difficult, considering the bot has a accelerometer and a gyroscope this should be done automaticly like in every other quadcopter. then i try to steer it in one direction and once you give the stick a little push it shoots left, and when i try to compensate the bot gets stuck oscilating from left to right and eventually it hits a wall. two hours later i still haven't been able to properly fly it and i broke my second frame. 2/10 would not buy again. this is nothing better than the cheap ones that you get at a toy store, and the build quiality is absolutely horrible. and why doesn't the bot autohover? every quadcopter has a autohover feature... either mine was doa or this was a huge waste of money.
i got mine today, but it is near impossible to fly.  after two hours i still haven't been able to fly it more than a couple of seconds. too much throttle and it hits the roof. it won't hover at all, and everyone that knows a little about cybernetics and control systems knows that this is fairly easy to achieve as long as you have a gyroscope. is mine broken or something, or has anyone been able to make this fly easily?
i got mine a few days ago. not really any instructions on how to level it out. the only trim option is like a very fine tune when flying but mine wants to pitch full forward and slight right. also spins like crazy. anyone know how to fine tune it? i thought the battery weight shift was it but was holding try to center it but no good
@andrei: thanks for the specs! and the detail about the connectors too! yea..the weight is not a problem for the hex version as it can carry an extra 30g...and if you remove the original you have a total of 40gms... i just plan to stick the battery on with some tape... :)
just got mine and watched the video 19 but it wont fly- rather it will just slam into the wall.  i found out one reason was that one of the motors wouldnt spin up.  i replaced it with one of the extras, but it just slams into the wall faster now.  one thing is that there are no numbers on the frame or pcb to match the motor numbers. i oriented it from the diagram in the instruction book.
any update on shipment?
i think most usb lipo charger would work fine....  ex: https://www.sparkfun.com/products/10401
@ulli: the wall-charger is universal (100-240v) adaptor with output of 4.2v and max current of 0.6a. the adaptor connects directly to the battery and not to the pcb so it contains charger ic for li-po batteries. i looked at the flexbot schematics and it doesn't seem to be possible to connect flexbot motherboard to usb and charge.
@brian: i haven´t received my copter and don´t got an tracking number. as in update 19 described they maybe need this week to ship all copters. "we will be able to send some on friday, if not, then all 2000 sets will ship next week" @mikko: usb charging seems to was not pursued further. that makes me angry too because we can´t load the battery outdoors. can you write us the output spects of the wall-adapter? maybe it is usb compatible. but i don´t think so because we have seen in the comments many backers with dangerously diy wire adapters.
i got a tracking number beforehand. @mikko - i am in the uk and got a foreign wall plug! :-)
for those who have received their copter - did you get a tracking number beforehand?
finally received mine today! but, there was no usb charging cable in the kit (which is mentioned in the faq), and the wall-adapter has uk style plug, so it's not compatible :(
i'm a fool with motors in the wrong places. now it doesn't flip but it does charge around the room with my ankles as the favoured target!
would like to see a video too :-) received mine today in the uk, it flips over on takeoff. also, i didn't get any spare propellers (which i need due to the aforementioned flipping :-) )
@brett. i for one would enjoy seeing any videos of the hex being piloted by a backer. so if you get a chance to upload a video or 2 then it would be much appreciated.
aussie here - it arrived yesterday and got to fly it briefly. made sure i followed the prop an motors to the letter after knowing a few other people had trouble - the instructions on the manual foldout that you get point it out pretty clearly. it's definately powerful (i have the hex version). it can definitely hold a small payload without issue, although i havn't tried yet. battery bay is fairly loose, anything more than a very soft landing will likely have the cage dislodge. flies very well, being indoors i was afraid of running into things while learning so that's enough for now. is there still interesting in seeing a video of it?
@chinna: regarding capacity, the kit battery is 350mah and you linked to a 900mah one so... more than double. discharge rate is nominal 25c on the kit and 20c on the dx battery but c is way higher so... not a problem. from the photos on dx, the white connector "seems" to be the same as on the kit battery although the dx one has another cable coming off of it.  the weight and dimensions however are different. weight is 10g for the kit battery and listed as 22g for the dx one. not shure how much of a flight time difference that would make. the sizes are 4cm x 2cm x 0.7cm for the kit and 6.8cm x 2.6cm x 0.6cm for the dx one so the included battery tray won't be useful.
got mine today nice toy!! but it's just not stable goes all over errr!! need big space to fly this
all you who received their copters,can anyone comment on the battery specs? i am planning to get myself one of these http://www.dx.com/p/3-7v-900mah-25c-lipo-battery-for-walkera-v120d01-v120d02-v120d05-m120d01-v120d02s-231681#.u0ufl_msww0 for my hexcopter...its 22gms.. and theoretically(if compatible with the hex) should double the flight time
@benjamin still no flexbot or tracking number. seems to be a number of issues being experienced including parts missing / not working. hoping i won't have same issues. update would be appreciated right now....
no tracking, no e-mail and no flexbot. hopefully they are still sending out bots and mine just isn't on his way yet.
i got my bot yesterday, but keeps tilting on one side. i am using beginners mode and have followed everything in the video shown in update #19. i also did the calibrations, but that didn't help at all. it would be a nice toy if it worked :-( btw i pledged for a hex aerial photographer set. i only received the basic hexacopter set. when will i receive the aerial photographer shell and the wi-fi webcam module?
anyone in the usa receive a copter yet? anybody have a cell phone that can capture a video (borrow a friends phone to record) of the copter flying, then load to youtube, etc. how many copters have been shipped so far? what is going on this is ridiculous.................................
i received my copter today and i have a couple of comments / questions. first one of the motors (red/blue wire) the connector was not even in the package, the two replacement motors are red/black will this still work? second question what was the highest altitude that these were tested at? it does not even come close to leaving the ground at full throttle, could be being more than a mile up or because i have the wrong motor from replacement.  thanks!
got my bot today, but it has a high pitch noise and keeps tilting on one side.. not ready to fly. i am using beginners mode, have done calibrations, but not working.
i am still waiting for my bot. and i also got no tracking number. is there any chance to get an update?
@shimmy as vitor points out the hour of flight is the total air time, it is made up of many 6 minute segments
if you want to print out your own shells - take a look at the rocket founded project: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/m3d/the-micro-the-first-truly-consumer-3d-printer print area: 109mm x 113mm flexbot shell: 77mm x 77mm
@maurice peterli, i received my tracking information this month on 4th and today it says its shipping from singapore, i think they are still shipping the last of them.
@shimmy- i think alexander's hour was in total ! i.e after multiple chargers !
my god @shimmy bromberg of course he is referring after 1 hour of non-continued fly!  o.o
@alexander, didn't they say that you can't fly it for more than 6 minutes?
@chang lh you know that the hexacopter have correct position for both motors and propellers right?
@tkj electronics: they did release the schematics, bootloader, fw , android and ios app sources here: https://github.com/hexairbot alas, those are probably not the final production versions as hinted at in update #(i don't remember) earlier, i asked about the last versions as well... still waiting... :)
i'm also still waiting for my copter and i didn't receive a tracking number jet.  please make a small update about the shipping process.
since i see much negativity here i thought i would give my 5 cents. i got my hex after 4 weeks from shipping. i followed the written instructions and everything worked great. after about 1hr of fly time (never flown anything before) i can now hoover the quad quite easily.
received my flexbot (6 props) assembled as instructed and checked orientation all ok, but the thing just wouldn't fly - so far unable to lift off straight up over hover, it keeps flipping over, tilting to one side or slide sideways. i use the app in beginner mode with acc on as instructed but it doesn't help.  its supposed to be easy to fly and self stabilizing - is my set faulty/defective?  can those who can fly it comment please?  thanks
i have not received my tracking number yet. have all the units shipped as expected?  iam getting very skeptical with the comments i have been reading about the quality of the drone..and mine hasnt even shipped.
yeah, wondering how many they have shipped out. also, any clue on what the status is on the combo packs with the wifi cam plus quadcopter package?
@benjamin black i am still waiting my hexacopter without track number... what is wrong?
hi guy's  i think i found props... http://www.dx.com/p/walkera-qr-ladybird-z-01-mini-quad-copter-spare-parts-propellers-orange-black-234018#.u0nfjscayk0
i see all these people saying they are having problems with this and that and i am just here like where is mine... :/
once again, the high pitch noise from the motors isn't any sign of healthy pwm'ing. either the motors are not of a proper quality which means the physical rotary is touching the sides generating the noise while rotating - though this doesn't seem like the problem. otherwise the pwm frequency is simply too low and should definitely be increased to avoid the noise! what is even more worse is the difficulty of controlling the hex. we have flewn plenty of quadcopters (though never a hex), but we haven't had such a bad experience with the balancing/controller board on any of these. in general the hex tends to tilt to one of the sides if held freely in the hand and power is increased. we have done the accelerometer calibration which should remove the tilting offset though it don't. what about the firmware running on the flexbots, have you released this yet anywhere? best regards thomas jespersen
@shimmy bromberg i don't think they will refund anybody, kickstarter terms states that the creator is legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project (what happened in this project), but delays and "unresponsives" are not covered on the license term. terms can be found here: https://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/kickstarter%20basics#acco this is what creators see before they launch. https://ksr-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/creator-responsibility.png
i'm pretty sure, theses will work http://www.hawk-rc.com/index.php…
i have tried contacting the team several times for a refund (i haven't received my kit yet) and they've been completely unresponsive.
haha, so i am not the only one who is craching it all the time. i had to glue the center piece three times already. #waiting for my peachy printer.
im also looking for blades...!
anyone find some replacement blades yet?  they aren't available on the flexbot website yet and mine are pretty chewed up.
found it! i had to turn off the ipad. and then start everything up again.
@alexander i tried your solution, but it just wont connect. i see an "any flite" that is connected to my ipad. it seems that it wont connect to the application. what van i do?
so i can expect a shipping email by the end of this week if i haven't got one already?
@alexander i have the same problem with most things i connect to via bluetooth. i think it's generally a bit rubbish at reconnecting. annoying but oh well!
i followed all instructions and my copter wont stay in place when i fly it sways from left to right and too hard to stabilize. any tip to reset all setting and hopefully it fly easier
so any updates on shipping the remainder?  no shipping info via email so far, i assume that probably means mine hasn't shipped yet?
@erik i have had some problems with my note 2 and the bluetooth connections. i have to exit the applications, turn off bluetooth then open the application again and enable bluetooth from the applications.
bluetooth4 includes: classic bluetooth, bluetooth high speed and bluetooth low energy protocols. so your question does not make sense.
does this need ble or just bluetooth 4 is fine?
o, there are two blue leds on the front and there is one red on the back. should the red be flashing?
weird, yesterday i was able to fly my hexacopter. today i cant connect it to my ipad. i scan it. the ipad finds a flexbot. but when i ask it to connect, it just wont do so. what am i doing wrong here? am i the only one?
my copter http://i.imgur.com/trf9udj.jpg, with my eu stromadapter =( http://i.imgur.com/9fvr31y.jpg
hi, i have the quad version and after some tryes with some crashes =( and the video in update 18, it works realy good. the important part is to connect the battery if the copter stay on the ground.
there is also a diagram in update 18 i think to show which motors go where...
i posted this a few days ago. good reference for the six rotor.... http://m.imgur.com/xvfnfhy
@ikbrunel >and when you let go of the steering and have it trimmed well it will fly quite stable. how do you trim it? i assume you trim in flight? but how when it does not stand still without control input? also, the trim buttons seem to be too sensitive. one quick touch of a button makes the coper flip on top and crash into the ground rotors first.
a diagram showing what the correct official blade position is and clockwise anticlockwise setup would be very helpful.    my bot seems to try to flip to the right so im guessing blade setup wrong?
hi, i also received my hexacopter :) first laugh was the us-plug, but i charge my battery with a imax b6 lipo charger for my rc-cars, this works perfectly with a modified charging adapter (cut of the cable of the delivered charger) i think, the documentation for the handling of lipo batterys is very bad, with these batterys you could do many things wrong. best case is only a defect/destroyed battery, but they could explode too ;).  everybody who not knows how to handle lipo batterys should inform himself in the internet! the flying is like many other mentioned very very tough in the first rounds. but at the end of the first battery it goes a little bit better, lifting it up an 1meter and landing it again is working most ways. but yes i also think the sw (copter and app) needs some rework ;) additional info i also did not receive the extra frame for filling out the sugestion for a new name greetings from germany
after reading all the feedbacks from the people who have received their copters, it seems like the flexbot team should really work the the firmware for the copters and defently release a new update for their app. hopefully they will release a major update of the firmware and their app, before everyone receives their copters.
some more things: - i think the sound that it emitted when the copter is idling is quite unnerving, but you do not hear it, when it is flying, the propellers are much louder. - i think the app could do with an update. i manage quite well when i turn off acceleration mode and use the touchscreen for steering, but with it turned on, i cannot control the copter properly. it would be nice to have a button to calibrate the accelerometer of your phone and get a visual feedback which position your phone considers as horizontal. there is a button called "calibrate acc" in the settings, but does it calibrate the accelerometer of the copter or of the phone? also, i did not find any explanation, what the settings "aileron/elevator dead band" or "rudder dead band" do. any ideas ?
@gerhard (and everyone else)... i received my flexbot two days ago, but just now had time to assemble it. first, i found the packaging quite nice. the only flaw in my opinion is the us-plug sent to everyone, but i worked around that for the first try with some crocodile-clamps and banana-plug cables. (do not do this around other people... get an adaptor for 2,50 € from ebay). i put it together according to the instructions and after watching the tutorial video for the app, i got it to take off relatively easy. after practicing for about three battery-charges i am now able to fly it in my small kitchen without crashing into things, and when you let go of the steering and have it trimmed well it will fly quite stable.
guys, just to clarify, we are accepting pre-orders on our website and thingiverse, but we will not be shipping those orders before shipment to our kickstarter backers is complete.  we think it is important to finish fulfillment of our kickstarter campaign first, and that is our priority right now above anything else.
btw, i tried the trim page to solve the instability problem: one quick touch of a trim button, and the flexbot turned over and crashed into the ground with the rotors first :-( how should this thing be supposed to record video once the cam module is out?
so now that so many have been shipped, where are all those flexbot flying videos? looks like nobody manages to fly it in a stable way. i assume there is a flaw in the software. unlike a helicopter the idea of an hexacopter is to stabilize itself. without any control input it should hold its position. not this one ...
@tkj that sound is completely normal. i have written a small guide on getting started, may i use your video as an example of the sound? guide can be found here: tinyurl.com/pkvatx9
hi flexbot team. we have just received the flexbot and after assembled we were shocked by the noise coming from the motors. this noise isn't just "high-pitched" noise as you explain, but this is a sign of something wrong going on with the motors. i have posted a video here to show the noise and hopefully give you an idea of the noise-level: https://www.youtube.com/watch… another thing is that i didn't find the extra frame we were promised as filling out your survery, voting for a new name. so until now i am not that satisfied and haven't managed to get it fly either - especially due to the unbearable noise. regards thomas
got my hexbot today (quadcopter). the propellers provided in the bags, and the assembly instructions were completely wrong. i now understand the confusion. the black propellers provided are not correctly pitched for the motors 3 and 4. this results in the motors thrusting in the wrong direction. luckily the bag included two extra orange propellers that were pitched correctly.
i think they will sell, but for now just order it from shapeways.
vitor, thanks for the help, what i'm asking is if they will be selling parts, as i don't have easy access to a 3d printer and would be more inclined to support them first. but thanks again, i'm not kidding!
question for flexbot team or anyone that has one. just curious about the motor - wondering if this motor is like any of the small quads out there, i have the traxxas qr-1 and the blade nano qx - hoping the motor is the same used on one of those?
i don't understand why people simple don't read before ask, you can print yourself the frame, or whatever part getting the files on the thingverse: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:274396 or order from a 3d printing service: http://www.shapeways.com/model/1586460/cap-for-flexbot.html this has been asked and answered on this comments at least 50 times, i'm not kidding.
will we be able to buy parts of the frame? the cover that goes over my pc board has snapped where it holds the frame.
it works now, this was helpful : http://imgur.com/xvfnfhy the key is that the blades should be opposed direction (there should never be 2 blades next to each other with the same orientation), and the 2 motors in the rear have a black wire. i'm glad there were extra motors included, since i destroyed one exchanging props so many times (the whole shaft came out instead of the prop ...)
ok, i think i know where my problem might be coming from. my set actually contains 8 props, 4 orange 4 blacks.  2 blacks are angled one way, 2 the other. similarly 2 oranges are angled one way, and 2 the other, so it's not really possible to go by color to get the correct prop at the right place.
just received and assembled by hex copter, and it won't lift off. i'm pretty sure i respected the assembly instructions : 2 orange props in the front (where the micro usb is), motors with red and blue wires 2 black props in the back (opposite side), motors with red and black wires 2 black props and motors with red and blue wires for the 2 remaining (side) arms. still, full throttle and nothing happens.
i'm also working on controlling the flex with a computer (windows for now) but... i can't make much progress because my bt40 dongle plus apps don't seem to be able to find any services once the "any flite" (that's the device name that the the flex reports) is connected. next step for me would be to first see the thing react to direct rx on the atmega (where the hm-11 bluetooth module connects) but i'm kinda worried about re-flashing it because i think the github code is not the last version and, even though promised, we don't know if/when we'll actually get that. @creator: please update your github as promised. :) (or confirm if it is updated)
for those who are in the uk, i think you can pick up an adapter in pound shops. otherwise order one from ebay or amazon for around the same price.
@jose: the us adaptor is us only in connector type. input is 100-240v~50/60hz. it works just fine here in spain with one of these: http://www.seviplay.tiendas.grancomercio.com/images/product_72451295449921.jpg totally agree on everything else... the packaging is nice... the rest... not so much.
received my hex (flex). us ac adaptor, absolutely useless in europe... :? cute boxing, poor documentation. honestly, i expected a well documented open s/h project (what about a wiki ?), not just a toy with the wrong ac adaptor. i know, eagles and code available at github...
i too received a us power plug unfortunately.
@vitor yeah, i'm also more interested in controlling the hex from a computer.  i will check here for updates and maybe do some hacking myself.
other approach would be using a arduino with ble shield, and create a stand alone controller.
@tom, bluetooth 4.0 is a hardware requirement, it will only work with the ble devices. i'm planing to port the ios version to work on mac using a ble dongle (newer mac's already have ble by default) to work with a gamepad (playstation 4 is my goal). i studied the code and i don't think it will be difficult, but i'll only work on that when my copter arrives. you could do the same thing for your operation system (if different of mac), but i don't know how compatible the bluetooth library for the android / ios version would be with windows and linux, that is why porting for mac is way more simple, minor changes should be necessary to make it work.
thanks @vitor    nope not android 4.3.  i have a sony device, so bad luck for me and x% of the other backers :-p apparently i missed the update where they specified this. is the bluetooth 4.0 a necessity?  maybe i'll try to port the app to an older version of android if it's anyway possible.
btw: the name changed a longgggg time ago.
@tom: the source code (and everything else is in github)  https://github.com/hexairbot/ dos your phone have bluetooth 4.0? are you running android 4.3 or latter? both of this statements are requirements to use the flexbot.
update : source code can be found at https://github.com/hexairbot
received my hex or apparently it's now called flexbot this week. would love to test it, but i can't.    the power source is us, while i'm pretty sure i specified a european one. the app source code is nowhere to be found.  hope to be proven wrong. the android app doesn't seem to work on my device (first app ever that doesn't). but they seem to have put a lot of time and effort in the packaging. so overall, not good, really not good.  pretty disappointed.
@nick mather thank you for the picture! :)
@isaiah, i'm not unfamiliar with kickstarter, i backed ~7 projects until today, and in all other projects, the "common sense is to reward the backers who kickstart the company and project", sorry to disagree with you, but i think this is the point of kickstart.
@vitor, you're very unfamiliar with kickstarters, aren't you? the "advantage" of backing is being a part of helping a new company get started. you are giving money to the project so they can do something great. in return, you may be "rewarded" for helping get the project "kickstarted". there is no reason the flex team shouldn't sell the retail version for the same price as the kickstarter. i am also frustrated that mine hasn't arrived, but i've got a bit more going on than worrying about a $50 copter.
broken sent in flexbot!  what now?  where can i get new customizable 3d printed shell ordered separately.  because expected to guarantee shipment ......  regret the order .... cam is there too .....  appears to come with continued mission ....  tjeerd netherlands
@benjamin black: is it right that anyone outside kickstarter has got an copter already?
wow. this thing is fast. i nearly broke it already. here is the setup for future reference: http://imgur.com/xvfnfhy
i just found a youtube video and it is suggested there the blades are not in the right order. i'm shifting them around now. what would really help would be a photo of a setup hex so i could use that as a reference. the photo in the update doesn't have the blades attached so it's impossible to know which way they're orientated.
hi there. so i received my hex copter today and put it together. very nice build! but i have problems. first of all, it wouldn't take off and was pulling to one side. i realised through a diagram in update 18 (i think it was that update) that i had the props and engines in the wrong place. i'm pretty sure they're in the right place now... so now i'm at the stage where i push the engines to full throttle and it doesn't lift off! no idea what to do from here and despite my best efforts, i can't find any proper troubleshooting steps? maybe i missed them... i'm thinking it's something to do with the order of the propellers. but aren't there just two types according to the diagram?
@brent sagnotti  wowwww... accepting pre-orders is one thing, but i was really surprised that the "retail" price is the same as the kickstarter.  what is the advantage of backing? normally backers get "something more" to help fund and build the product, i was defending flexboat team until today, but i'm very disappointed now. if i knew, i would just wait and buy it "now" for the same price and apparently receive my copter one week after the backers who paid last year and were "patiently waiting". i honestly don't doubt that people who "pre-order" the copter today can receive the copter before some backers. this is soooo wrong.
@mark they told like 10000 times that they will ship the copter first and then the camera module.
i still without mail and without hexacopter... i'm in spain...
i'm not sure if i missed this, but for those who backed the wifi camera version and normal version are you waiting for the camera to be finished before shipping them both or shipping the normal one first?
looks like they are taking pre-orders on their website already www.flexbot.cc/#pricing and people at thingiverse ( http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:274396/#comments ) are already complaining about shipping. fulfill your ks backers 1st.
where are all the videos on youtube of people flying their copters? :)
your are all (people saying that the copter does not fly) probably assembling the propellers on the wrong position, put your hand over it and see if it is "blowing" air towards the bottom.
@christian, @neil: buzzer? there is no buzzer afaik. the motors are emitting that high pitch noise. as for thrust in the wrong direction, be sure to place the correct rotors in the correct positions according to the video in update #18. @brian: the android version is only half of the problem. the hex uses bluetooth 4.0 le for communication so if your phone doesn't have that piece of hardware, upgrading the os, even if you could, would still not make it work. i'm in the same situation and i'm not sure about the android version, but i think they did specify the bt version from the beginning. i was just paying too much attention to the video and too little to the specs. but there are bound to be solutions. :)
hi flexbot team, i've just got my flexbot and assembled it straight away. unfortunately it doesn't fly. when i connect the battery, the buzzer goes off and the led blinks; a video of that can be found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch…. i can connect via bluetooth, but when i try to lift of the motors seem to generate thrust in the wrong direction. the alarm persists even after connection. so far i've been unable to decipher the logic of alarms.ino ... please help me, flexbot team - what am i doing wrong? - chris
@andreas good call, just checked them, they are all medium-blue/red unfortunately it's a little confusing even when looking at the instructions, that when you have a arm with two connectors which you choose, i chose the closest to the arm
hey flexbot team. i just received my flexbot, but just found out that your app does not support my lg g2 phone... will that be available in the near future?
i think the wire colours are different, see https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1387330585/hex-a-copter-that-anyone-can-fly/posts/785207
as a typically man, i assembled it without looking at the instructions, and it doesn't work very well as a result, how do i identify which motor and blade are which so i can reassemble it properly.
i wish when i had backed this project last year that i had known about the app only being compatible with a version of android that wasn't even really out yet. the phone i have has literally no chance of being upgraded to 4.4 or even 4.3, not even with a rom. very disappointed.
waiting for my hex, still no tracking number ... what about the wifi cameras?
i see a lot of comments about the flight time on your last update. would it be possible to add a timer on the app that shows the time since connection to the copter? not 100% accurate but may be an easy fix? @jose m thanks for the reply about the import tax :-)
of those that have already received there copters. did you get a postal tracking number before you received the copter ?
it's great but a bit hard to controll.
mine just came, but only one frame. what about the frame that we got for answering the name survey, will that be shipped separately?
received my copter today in uk. comes with us charger!...
still waiting for tracking information or the package itself. any news about the shipping process? i can't even tell if something has been shipped my way... :(
mine doesn't fly straight, it constantly runs into things,  any ideas on how to reset it to fly up straight?
i think a lot of you is missing the point of this kickstarter - you are paying for a product to be developed, built, produced, and introduced into the market. this isn't one of the newer trend of already having a ready to ship product ready before launching. @brent experienced multi rotor builder and pilot here, inspired to start flying by this kickstarter. there is no way you are getting that folding-h for under $200. you need four motors ($10-$50), four escs ($10-20), a flight control board (simplest (kk2) at $40), a lipo ($20-30), charger ($50), transmitter and receiver ($50-several thousand) plus the tools and additional wire, locktite, and sheathing to assemble it. plus you will need the experience to build and fly the thing without assistance on a budget flight controller that is going to do you no benefits. you are getting a controlled ecosystem with flex plus you can control with a device that you already have and is familiar to you. this is not a quad to compete with the likes of a tbs discovery, it's a toy and a vessel for development, and that is why i backed it even knowing by the time it shipped i would have progressed past its limits that being said i have yet to recieve my hex, nor any contact receiving shipping. i realize there is a great difficulty with physical fulfillment but some contact or "hey you're backer number xxxx, except it xxxx" would be nice.
@yves prigon i've all ready backed these folks for $200 for two copters (ariel hex + quad). no copters yet and it's april now, maybe by my birthday in may...
@jamie thanks that's perfect, i've tried flying it for now but if that doesn't work i can get one printed
@brent sagnotti, that copter on thingiverse is going to cost you much more than 39$ or even 159$. but then you have brushless motor, real brain, real lipo and you can fly it with a normal emitter.  it is not the same type of thing and normally it will be harder to fly. the hex is supposed to be fly by anyone... which is not the case judging the comment on below. i'd be interested in the full bom but i'm pretty sure it is 300$+ just the camera on this hex here cost close to 100$ which is a lot half the price of a gopro, i hope it worth it once manufactured!
@hamish quadcopter: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:274396 hexcopter: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:274422
hello, i've backed for the combo aerial photo set, i've read in your update that there is no check for the battery power (which in my sens is a big issue when you play with lipo). since our set will be delivered later, will you apply it the correction that will avoid pretty easily the battery issues? thx for the answer
no copter(s) for me yet. wish i could get a refund and just build this one foldable quadcopter from thingiverse. http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:251002 might just start printing this out, see which one gets done first.
got mine in the mail today! yay! the frame is sturdy and nice.  instructions were pretty good, but i was slightly confused with the numbering. i assume the propellers need to be ordered in a specific way. it came with 2 spare propellers but i bet i'll be needing more for sure! tonight i tried a test flight in my son's room and we were both scampering for cover. man, that thing is fast!  thanks a million for delivering this product though. it's the first project i backed on ks that actually delivered.
after many, many vicious propeller attacks (man those things hurt on your fingers) i think i got it a little more stable. that said it's still very unpredictable, far worse than playing flappy bird :-) suspect the accelerometer tuning code needs a lot of work... i am impressed with the 3d printed frame, it has taken maybe 50 knocks into my furniture and walls at high speed without further damage. i think the biggest problem was the weak point i had to glue initially. but do hope to buy more frames in the future just in case.
i had a feeling the 3d printed frames wouldn't be robust enough. still think they were only manufactured this way as 3d printing is a gimmick. it had existed in engineering for years providing prototypes. but that is it. prototype quality!
@mark i hope so, all the electronics are intact so it's really a waste that the whole thing is now useless. i'm wondering it it'd be possible to get the 3d file (schematic?) to get it printed somewhere local that can send it to me for fairly cheap.
@hamish that's disappointing it broke so easily. i would've hoped it'd be a bit more robust. i must've crashed my hubsan x4 over 100 times (quite badly) and it's still in good working order.  maybe you can get replacement parts quite easily?
@john boardman good news no tax to pay, as usual with parcels from seeedstudio :-) motor holder was fixed with a dablle of bondloc plastic weld. all good now, i think it even improved flying ;-) still very rough handling though, can't let it fly very high so i can recover when it decides to go elsewhere. i guess the firmware still needs some serious improvement, e.g. the barometer is there but is it used for anything?
arrived this morning and within maybe 3 hours of flying the bit of frame connecting one of the prop arms of my hexacopter to the body is already broken. i was tweaking with the trim, when i switched back to the controls and unlocked them it didn't react then, suddenly flew upwards, then just dropped onto the grass. the arm is still attached but only just, copter is completely unflyable now though. literally one bad fall and its almost completely written off. at this point idk what i waited 6 months for. i'm almost distraught at this point like, it fell onto grass from maybe 2 meters. there goes 6 months anticipation.
does your flexbot emit buzzing sound all the time? when it's connected via usb the sound stops, when i connect battery then it emits sound all the time, long sinal without pause... it doesn't generate sound only once. that sound is making me crazy, it's not possible to have it turned on for e.g. when charging via usb for 30 minutes without headache, damn. is there any instruction how to modify firmware?
jose m did you have to pay any import duty or royal mail handling charge in the uk? hope you enjoy and get your motor holder sorted :-)
@will ble is only supported on ios 6 and ios 7 and with the following models: iphone 5 (all models), iphone 4s, ipad air, ipad (3rd gen or later), ipad mini (all models) and ipod touch (5th gen or later). if you have a compatible device, upgrade your ios if not, sorry, you should have read the requirements before baking this project. this is not an issue that they can fix.
will you add support for ios 5 ? it is a little annoying that i can't fly my copter.
the injection moulding mention in the latest update is for the  whole flexbot aerial photographer set or  the part for moulding the wifi module only?
i'm writing to inquire if there is another type of battery i can use to extend the flight time, or am i just restricted to 6 mins max?
just got my hexcopter in the uk. it works, but it's really like trying to tame a wild bull mid air. also one of the 3d printed motor holders fell off, time to get some glue but it was already kind of detaching out of the box . the rest of the construction seems sturdy and has taken many bumps from ceiling height already.
what is that status of backers who pledged for the wifi camera/combo set? how close are you guys to completing the package, and will the camera module still be sent separately with the flexbot copter being sent with everyone else right now?
awesome ben! thank you!
a quick note guys: we will be posting another update tomorrow, it will cover some more faqs from people who have received their flexbot and had questions.  also, we are editing another video now that will be included in the update, it should clear some things up about the app.  we'll also get everyone up to date on the shipping situation.
@rickard: like @vitor said i really had to plug in the battery on a flat surface. otherwise the calibration starts in a tilted situation and flexbot drifts to a side. it seems that the calibration function in the app does not work.
my uk order just tracked in heathrow. should be here next week. woot!
got mine on monday. but i'm not able to clip in three of the four motors. the cutouts on the bottom are to small and not precise enough. i tried to adjust them on my own, and now my frame is broken. where can i got a new one?
@wiku, the advantage to solder another connector is that if the motor fail (break or burn out) you could easily change it. but if you have some experience with solder / desolder you can just solder the motor directly but double check the polarity, inverting the wires will cause the motor to spin to the wrong size. if you can buy a new connector, and solder it, i would do so, and keep the copter more "professional", looks like it is also an smd component, little more difficult to hand solder, but not impossible and easy to break.
@vitor http://twitpic.com/dzo18z
got mine today and assembled it! w00t
@rickard nordström pettersson: mine is drifting to the side, too. i could not find the reason, yet. maybe it's the calibration.
i'm in the uk and havnt heard anything either. hopefully won't be long!
@rickard did you read the comments before posting?  1) yes, the sound it is normal. 2) probably you assembled the copter wrong. the propellers must match their correct position in order to work. check the last update.
i got my flexbot today, but when i start it and put the left pad on phone up its not going up its going on the side instead, looks like i can not get it up and running like i thinked it should. and there is some really bad sound from it, should it sound all the time? then me that lives in europe/sweden need to get my electric adapter to charge it, not so bad but good to know for people.
@wiku, no idea what you are talking about.... take a picture, edit on your favor image editor putting an arrow on "connector", then upload it on one of those image share sites (like tinypic.com) and post the link here.....
what's taking so long........i have not received anything about tacking or shipping yet either...anyone else having this issue as uk backers........has anyone else received anything in the united kingdom yet ??
hi awesome people from felxbot. just wanna ask a little question. i got my flexbot a while ago and playing it. i stil can control it properly but its okay and i love it very much. im playing with my friend and he is willing to order it too. :) but now i had a problem. one of 'connector dongle' (i dont know the name and i dont know how to place an image in this comment) its falling a part. i dont know if i push it to hard but its happen when i wanna plug the propeller to the main board. what i wanna ask is, can i soldering it manual? or should i buy the 'connector dongle'? need a suggestion. thank you very much.
@kitinov: my tracking said the same for three or four days and then changed to dispatched.
i finally got an email from you guys bit instill have to wait between 3-4 weeks for it to arrive :0/
i have not received anything about tacking or shipping yet either...
my tracking staus says "information received (this is not an acknowledgment of the physical receipt of the stated registered article)" does anybody have the same?
i got my hex a few hours ago from the post office, thanks a lot @creator. turns out none of my phones/tablets has bt4.0 i just got a usb-bt4.0 dongle but alas, there is no control application for either linux or windows. is there any api published anywhere or dev info that i could study to write my own ? (i'm assuming bt-spp profile.. am i wrong?) i'm slowly going through the github android sources but... between java not really being my thing and the normal android project source layout being... ugly,... it's slow going.
if anyone has received the email for tracking information, did the spam filter ever confused it as spam or something. haven't received an email notification yet so wondering if its there. can't check for spam on my phone have to wait after work for that. but just wondering
@emnullfuenf the buzzing sound is normal.
it's flying! controlling is quite sensitive but feasible. it makes a horrible high pitching noise when the battery is connected. is that normal?
@vitor the prop and battery measurements are as specified, props are 56x8.5mm and motors are 7x20mm. the prop dimension seem to be a bit of an odd one, as most rc props are measured in inch, not metric.
mine arrived today! the only thing i miss is an international charger. do you think a sparkfun lipo charger would work, too? https://www.sparkfun.com/products/10217
@alexander... yeah, it is kind of difficult to tell bc i did not receive mine yet, but can you tell me what are the motor and propellers dimensions?
@vitor, i have searched both ebay and seedstudio but have not found anything. the props they have on ebay and seedstudio is either too big or too small, which would change the flight properties of the flexbot as far as i know.
@jason church and @alexander you can find both propellers and motors on the amazon, ebay, seedstudio...
anyone know where to get spare props? already busted my two spares.
i hope mine isn't fair away now. i like the idea of the mac app aswell. i'd be interested in help out testing it etc. if it helps you develop it.
mine arrived today, and i've spent the last hour trying to get it to fly somewhat level.  i can't.  i've just double checked the video, and i have definitely built it correct. at best, i can get it to move very little, and the flexbot will spin on the spot with a small amount of power.  even a single touch on the trim will send the flexbot into a wild slide and spin. i've been trying indoors, and unfortunately the weather is terrible at the moment, so i won't be able to try outside until the weekend at best, if the rain lets up. i appreciate there will be a learning curve on different remote control objects, but i would have expected being able to hover to not take that long to achieve.
*role new
@will thanks for your support, actually, i'm a ios / mac developer, and the flexbot team posted the code on github for the ios app, i'm only porting it to a native mac app and adding support to the gamepad using the ddhidlib wrapper.  it is just one weekend work, but i'll only finish coding after receiving my copter. porting the framework to windows is a hole new project and i'm really not interested at the moment, i even don't have a windows environment to work on it.
received my flexbot today. the packaging and quality is top notch. however, i received two batteries, but only one set of motors in the box. the size of both packages are about the same size. i'm sure just a packaging mistake. already sent a message to ben and i am sure another set of motors are on their way. just wanting to know if anyone else in the same boat as me?
@victor i am very interested in helping you developed support for control via gamepad. i have developed control schemes for ground vehicles but not any for multi rotors yet.
@andreas i asked the same question 2 days ago and nobody answered, so i'm guess nobody received it. i even did not get my tracking number yet.  i think twice the weight is too much, increasing the weight you would force more the tinny motors and use more battery, so you would need to evaluate if this extra cost from the motors could be compensated from a larger battery.
has anybody already received their hexacopter? how is the flight time? i've been thinking about getting a larger battery for mine, i guess it should be able to handle one with about twice the capacity/weight?
got my shipment email too, but 3-4 weeks to arrive :(
got my shipment email / tracking number, so very excited to see how quickly i can smash this thing into a wall.
@andriy now the only way to control the copter is using the phone, i'm working on a app to control it using the playstation 4 controller plugged on my mac. i did not receive my copter yet so i cannot tell if it's going to work, but i don't plan to develop a windows version.
hey - did anyone who already received his copter and participated in the name survey got his extra shell in white? for me as photographer set backer this is very cool so i can resample the hexacopter to an quadcopter. i hope we all get our copers soon.
at last i have managed to put the motors in the right places and flexbot at least flighs. i'm not sure if these are my skills or settings, but flighing indoors seems to be impossible... is there actually a way to use external sender to control the copter and not the mobile phone?
@chop: watch the video posted on the last update.
yes. i got mine today but i really don't get the instructions. i have 6 propellers and it says put 1-4 in the shafts 1-4 but they don't appear to be numbered. only the bags are numbered and i opened two without knowing the bags had the numbers on them, not the propellers. does it matter if i put 3 in the 4 shaft? when i plug it in 3 spin and 1 sort of twirls slowly.
@phillip that would not be the best option for flexbot. the technology has been around for a while and is used more for toys and such. additionally, you are giving up a lot of weight with a hollow frame (think plastic mask vs. plaster mask) and with that a lot of stability. unless you wanted to carry a payload (camera, etc.) reducing frame weight isn't going to do much positive for you. furthermore i think the flexbot frames are a little too complicated for home rotocasting, the designs would have to be redone. printing with a .25 layer height and 10% infill at 90m/s gives times for a hex frame of about a half an hour, with much better strength and weight without the need of making a mold and rotocasting the thing every time.
take a look at this project https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/rotomaak/rotomaak-desktop-rotational-casting-machine .  we could potentially make hollow shells and enclosures for the flexibots in 5 to 10mins.
@alexander, with my full size quad, i have seen it rotate if a single prop was bent or out of shape.
did anybody that backed for the hexacopter received it?
just for info: my tracking seems to be working. just changed to: despatched to overseas.
i got my flexbot in the mail today, i am very impressed with the packaging, manuals, details etc, very impressive! but i have run in to a bit of a problem, my flexbot rotates ever so slightly. i have tried calibrating in app but that does not seem to work very well. i tried trimming too but i had no success...anyone have a solution for this? to clarify,it flies stable, but rotates around itself.
to those worried about the tracking numbers, i got my email and tracking number about a moth after it was actually shipped.
in response to some of the faqs here: - the most important thing is to make sure the numbered motors and props are installed in the proper location.  you can check the instruction manual or the video in our last update if you need clarification.  if they are installed improperly, the copter will fly sideways or flip over, like some comments here have been describing -another important thing is to make sure the copter is on a flat surface when the battery is connected.  if its not, then similar problems can occur, the copter becomes impossible to control -trimming can of course be useful, but there shouldn't be a great deal of trim adjustment required out of the box.  check the above two problems first. -not sure what is going on with the tracking numbers.  the numbers are provided by seeed studio, i'll talk to them regarding the fact that they don't seem to be useful to many backers.  if you haven't received a tracking number, it most likely just means your copter hasn't shipped yet. -the high pitched buzzing sound is just the sound the motors make once connected.  its nothing abnormal.  i guess we didn't realize how annoying it was because everyone here was used to hearing it all the time while we were developing the copter.
@ steven, yeah i re-installed all 4 propeller in the right location and everything work fine. the app is not easy to control though. it may take me some time to get use to it. hopefully, i should know how to control the copter before i break it :)
is it still posible to add wifi camera module?
@edison, you placed the propellers in the wrong locations.  i don't know if you saw the assembly video released today, but that should help explain.  my best guess is that you put the propellers on so they are all pushing air in the wrong direction. the first time i got my copter working properly, i placed the rear propellers on the wrong sides, and it caused my copter to only be able to flip.  it's an easy mistake to make, especially if you take the propellers off and put them back on.
this project reminds me of something from gulf war 2. the us engages in a series of daring attacks into the center of baghdad with a light force without taking surrounding territory. on a repeated basis(the thunder run campaign) the iraqis couldn't react coherently at all and we took baghdad like a quarter on the floor in a video-arcade.  the idea was brilliant and showed the warfighting prowess of the us armed forces; the most innovative, powerful and effective military in the history of the world (for warfighting) then the architects of this light/fast/lethal campaign style (rumsfeld, maybe cheney a little) had to deal with the nation building activities which apparently would take an order of magnitude more effort than actual combat. oh shit!   that's really hard! i'm just saying the hexcopter project reminds me of rumsfeld (and cheney a little)
i still have not received my copter of the tracking number. and what is the current status on the wifi video module production.
@edison yehhhh... again i did not receive mine yet, but i would bet that the blue and red lights on the copter should be the "front and back". and the colored propellers must match their correct position.
@edison, now at least the propellers are spinning together, i did not receive mine yet, but i know that there are two set of propellers that must be assembled on the correct position, they need to spin and blow air to the "floor", double check if you put the propellers on the correct position relative to the front of the copter, and also try to calibrate the "magnetometer".
thx juan & victor for the  advice, i placed my copter on the leveled surface before connect the battery together.  i can't figure out how to make it. here’s a link to a video in my dropbox: https://www.dropbox.com/s/6w936fv3huo8djn/video%20mar%2022%2c%2011%2057%2042%20am.mov
@edison or faster solution, in the settings of the app there is an option that says "calibratte acc" (accelerometer) use it when the copter it's on a flat surface and solved jajaja please post a video of how it fly but in widescreen!
@edison, connect the battery only with the copter leveled on a flat surface. the first thing that it does when you connect the battery is calibrate, and it uses the initial position for it.
i'm having an issue with my hex copter, all led are on and motors are working. however,  i still not able to make it fly. i think something wrong with the design of the copter here’s a link to a video in my dropbox: https://www.dropbox.com/s/z5dml7iug8lsojw/video%20mar%2020%2c%207%2041%2012%20pm.mov
i am delighted to report that i am an idiot! i'm only happy about this because all those bad things i said about benjamin and his wonderful product were in error.  my flexbot arrived in working condition, and i owe benjamin an apology. the annoying noise is in fact the motors.  i had reported in error that the noise kept happening after the motors were disconnected because i didn't disconnect all four motors at the same time.  after further investigation and paying attention to what i was doing, it turns out there are lock and unlock buttons in the app that were preventing me from operating the flexbot. i do admit i think the motors make a very annoying sound, but that is all part of operation, and i have learned to tune it out.  now i just need to figure out how to properly tune the trim so it will fly straight.
vitor de miranda henrique - i am still having my issue.  i have been trying to troubleshoot in my spare time, but i won't really have time to spend on the issue until some time this weekend.  i did not see anything obvious on github that could help me solve the problem. i received a response from benjamin, and he thought it was the sound of the motors, but that doesn't make any sense.  nor does that explain why i cannot control the copter with the app. there was mention of documentation/videos that the flexbot team would put online, and i hope to see something soon from them. i did not anticipate this product needing work out of the box, but i think any reasonable consumer would consider this product to not be functional when i received it.
so i'm the one who reported a tracking number that didn't work. i got the tracking number on march 17th. the website says: "sorry, the track item service is currently having some issue, please try again later." it said that on the 19th, 20th, and today, the 21st. i'm not saying the tracking number is bad or that they didn't send anything. i'm just saying that having a tracking number is about as useful as not having a tracking number. they said the same number can be used by the usps once the package gets to the usa. the usps agrees that the number exists and says that the shipper has not given them anything yet. (could still be in china, for example.)
i did not receive my copter yet, but reading the code from github, based on the "pattern" that your copter is "beeping"  and "flashing the lights" you can accurately know what is going wrong with it....  so if you put it on you tube, we would be able to help. but please, try to read the code, and trouble shoot yourself first. remember to plug the battery o leveled surface! https://github.com/hexairbot/hexnanomwc_quad/blob/master/alarms.ino
if you tried to read the comments before asking, you would knew that both sebastian edler  and steven farnell had this issue, but neither come back here to say if they solved the issue or not, so i guess this "community" just keep demanding benjamin answers and don't take any time or do a little effort to help each other. few people received their copter, i did not see any video, review or tips (except @thomas millesich and @eirk leonard).
whenever i plug my copter in it just beeps continuously, and although i can connect i can't control it. anyone else had this problem?
can you send a tracking number?
+1 for a tracking number/update luckily we have florian schmidt who has a half a million dollars to guarantee our purchases... :)
would be possible to please send me a tracking number?
@mathieu burgerhout, if you don't have a 3d printer hit me up and i can print you out a chassis at my makerspace for free and send it to you.
hello, i'm an aussie that would like a tracking number please.
i think it would be fair if we got an update on the project. shipping was supposed to start two weeks ago but we haven't heard anything and many of us have not received tracking numbers. you have had our money for quite some time and while i do appreciate that project deadlines you should be oversharing information.
chill guys !! this is a kickstarter project. they arent professionals in there biz. they are start doing this. so dont judge them i think they do what they can !!! you've waitin about 4 month for this copters. so 2-3 weeks more arent such a bad thing. dont get crazy guys. i guarantee everybody will get what youve paid. :)
can i get a tracking number?
how can i know it is in shipping or lost?
yeah, tracking numbers take a day or two to actually register, it's just how things work
can i have a tracking number too, thanks.
@isaiah i can tolerate delays. as you said, this is a kickstarter project and this isn't the first i funded. there are several people on this team. surely one person could spend a bit of time and help provide updates or answer questions. my email to them by the way, isn't even about "when will my reward arrive".
@mathieu burgerhout, you can print another shell, your flexbot is not entirety lost. if you don't have a 3d printer you can buy from 3d printer services on line. the standard quad copter body on shapeways is $13.13. http://www.shapeways.com/model/1586358/standard-quad-body.html…
@sebastian i have the same problem.  i can connect to the copter with my phone, but i can't make it take off.  i can't figure out how to make it stop that annoying beep/buzz, nor can i make it fly. i even tried plugging in the 2 extra motors they sent me into the two extra motor plugs on the board, but that didn't help either.
patiently waiting but i would like a tracking number please.
the copter is here! looks great, but there is an anoying beep as soon as the battery is connected. is this normal? can i switch it of? is there a bit more information avaliable than in the very short handbook?
i'm sure there arnt fake tracking numbers. what would that achieve. they simply don't update on the couriers website for a few hours. sometimes a day. depending on the postal service used depends on how quickly they work on the website.
failure. 5 minutes in and one of the legs broke. should have read @thomas millesich comment about trimming. flew only sideways. straight into a wall. broke one of the cylinders which hold the motor. great, completely useless now. can't tell you how disappointed i am right now.
for everyone complaining about the lack of updates & or device, remember that most every kickstarter runs into these issues. we know they're working on getting our copters to us, we knew when we backed this project that it might not go exactly according to plan. be patient. looking forward to getting mine, but i'm fully capable of waiting until such time as it does arrive.
the lack of updates and responses to email queries is disturbing.
i think it has been 3 - 4 weeks now and still don't have anything, but you have my money $$$. no current shipping updates, no copter footage, no idea what's going on.... can i get a refund to go build my own quad?
@josef i think a lot of us are felling that way, but sadly that is the way kickstarter works sometimes. most projects miss their deadlines and ship late, but i have yet to be part of one with a lack of updates and communication like this one. i am not sure what to think having not received a tracking number and hearing whispers of fake tracking numbers.
you have my money, but i don´t have nothing!!!!!!!!!
@junsik kang, even me living in china, still not get my tracking number yet :(
i got a tracking number and a website to track it with (singapore pose). but... i get this message: "sorry, the track item service is currently having some issue, please try again later." makes me think that my tracking number may not be real...
still no tracking number, contact, or copter here.
sent out or not: my question is, how far is the thingy with the webcam module?? is there a chance to receive the copter with cam within 2014? sorry for the sarcastic words, i'm really looking forward for the first liftoff :-)
hey guys, i just read your last update, hope everything is going well man, im looking forward to receiving mine. sounds like u guys were unprepared for the amount of orders that came in. anyway, i just put my address in (i didn't know i had to submit another one to kickstarter itself after paying on amazon) and i'll comment again when it gets here to singapore
hey benjamin, i'm in south korea near by china. without tracking number, i am still waiting. where's my copter?
did anyone in us receive flexbot? or tracking number?
just kinda copy-pasting what the majority say...how many are sent (percentage) & when is my package here? i'm sitting in denmark and waiting, seems like someone in sweden already got theirs...
it's been three weeks since shipping started. will we be receiving emails to let us know when our copters ship? i'm in the uk so i know it will take a while to get to me but i'd still like an update on what's been shipped and to where, like benjamin said.
so any updates on shipping? %of total shipped? estimated shipping completion date? i am sure i am not the only one eagerly awaiting updates but also not knowing if my quad will suddenly appear on my doorstep.
@kakyana not necessarily, for my understanding, hex have both one plug for the power (usually those dc barrel jack connectors) and one usb, the ability to charge the battery from the usb depends if the pcb has all the connections and necessary components, usually usb ports can provide 1.5 a at 5v enough to charge a 3.7 v lithium ion battery, but it requires some components. what you can do is buy a usb lithium charger like this (~6 usd)  http://www.adafruit.com/products/1304. i'm assuming the battery provided uses the "standard" jst connector. note: i did not review the connections on the hex pcb, it is posted on github but i'm at work now and i dont have acess to eagle software. hex may have the ability to charge from usb but i think it is very unlikely.
@johan kjellman if its usb u can just plug it into a computer to charge it or if u have an andriod phone with a micro usb charger u can also use that. and how does the copter build quality look ?
@ juan colila. the last comment made by benjamin a few days ago was that they are still shipping. we do not know how many have been shipped to date. i would hope hex will provide more info soon.
thomas. do you mean you have burnt out a motor already? thanks for the tips. maybe you could put together a video 'how to' to help us all out.
they said in the last update, at the moment suposedly there are all sent, but it takes from 2 to 4 weeks in arrive
i would like an update maybe about how many have shipped how many are left and about how much longer till you are all done shipping
no tracking number here by email nor kickstarter message. just wondering when i can expect this.
@kyle  the package was sent 04-03-2014 from singapore and arrived in sweden yesterday.
thanks @kyle... i just wanted to make sure that is not on my span folder! ;)
copter arrived in austria - and already "burned" his first engine after 5sec sliding over the table, 0rpm. o.o :( oh and the first preflight check is - trimming! took me ages to find out why my copter flew the whole time sideways, even with full countersteering. check the small blue arrows in the options menue, there's a lot more hidden. best rise the power to 10-20%, hold it in your hand and push the trim buttons in the menue till it stopps pulling sideways.
@johan can you check your tracking and see how long it took from shipment to deliver?
got my tracking number. the email came from erp@seeedstudio.com for those who are curious.
can the usb-port on the copter be used for charging? or is it just to program the copter?
got my tracking number yesterday, and got the package today.. strange! :p cant try my copter, need a converter to use the us-charger in swedish plugs.. :/
@tobias, who sent you the tracking #, seeedstudio or benjamin?
hello guys,  how to proceed with the camera? news?
i just get my tracking number in the mail! seems to be shipping! :)
update!  have any of these shipped?  info would be nice.
please let me know if i can get my traking number, or at least if all the copters were shipped.
thanks jian!
flextbot demon at sxsw create 2014 https://www.youtube.com/watch…
update would be nice
if we haven't heard from you for shipping info does that mean ours hasn't shipped yet? i have a bad habit if people snatching my mail in my neighborhood so i desperately need to know what day its going to arrive so i can have someone or myself look out for it.
would like to also request tracking number, as i have no yet seen anything either.
hello, have not received anything yet, are there tracking numbers?
hi benjamin, i would like to have my tracking number please, since the mailman here never deliver, and always just left the package at post office. thanks!
if by chance i receive mine soon i will do some videos for everyone. hope the camera module isn't far behind...! i'm sure we were promised updates and videos
is there any way to tell who's copter has shipped & who hasn't?
@chris thanks for the review. if you end up uploading a video review please tell us!
is the charger usb?
@benjamin black , is there a way to know the number copters who haven't been send yet by seeed studio ? i understand very well the difficulty of my question, but since i haven't received anything yet, i begin to fear some lost package, or stolen ...  thanks in advance !
could i please have my tracking number as well. thanks!
shipping was supposed to start the week of feb 24. i haven't had any update since, and no word on my order. anyone else get updates on shipping?
that would be great to see on youtube chris... does the frame feel strong and robust being 3d printed?
@chris guerin. thanks for the review. would like to see something on youtube ;-)
got my hex today and was able to assemble it straight away. one criticism i had during the build process, was that i had to completely remove the entire assembly (top grate and pcb) in order to get the battery holder out. i noticed that when i tried to remove it with the pcb in place, it was right up against a tiny piece on the pcb, that if i was forceful enough with it, i could've either: a: destroy the battery holder. or b: damage to pcb to the point of having to request another pcb to be sent. also, the plug for the battery and the charger are quite stiff and hard to get off (which is a double-edges sword really), so half the time i was concerned that i wasn't able to disconnect it, and the other half i was concerned that i would be too forceful and damage either the battery and/or the charger. when i first powered it up, i noticed that it was quite noisy, so my initial impression was that the parts weren't installed properly. so i made sure that every component was correct and reinstalled every component. it was only when i got home tonight that i performed a test flight when i realised that everything was fine. considering that i had intended to use my iphone 4 for this, i didn't realise at the time that it has bt 2.3 (not supported) and was wondering why it didn't work. it was only when i tried on my nexus 7 that it was working perfectly. got the app from the google play store, (no downloading individual packages etc.) connected the copter and away my little copter went. i'll so a bit more extensive testing with the copter, but initial impressions are good so far. one other downside is that the battery charger is only made for the us plug, and there doesn't seem to be localised plugs for different regions (eu/au, nz/africa etc). i would've been happy to pay a little bit more for a localised charger, but i'm ok with a plug adapter on my end. i was happy with the case and the booklets that came with it, it was a nice touch. also the parts were clearly labelled and easy to find. not bad for $50 of my hard-earnt cash :)
i would like my tracking number, please.
hi benjamin, can you get me a tracking number, my son it itching thanks
hi benjamin, i would also like to have my tracking number please. thank you
even though i chose in the last survey that it is ok for my stuff to be shipped on march/april i wouldnt mind if you guys could offer tracking #
everyone...just a reminder...the email address to contact benjamin is black@flexbot.cc not black@hexairbot.com
when are you going to start the shipment of aerial photographer sets? also, you really should put more people to respond to e-mails/messages. i've sent a question to you via kickstarter over 9 days ago and still didn't get a response... you're starting to make your customers a bit unhhappy... :( we need to be kept in the loop!
hi benjamin,  thanks for the heads up. are you able to say when shipping is likely to be completed ? you have been shipping for 2 weeks now and have only shipped a maximum of 25% of the copters. are we looking at another 6 weeks for the remaining copters to ship ? there was also a promise of more video footage of the copters, when is this likely. ? i understand you guys have a lot on your plate at the moment but regular updates are essential. (especially when the project is so close to completion)
regarding tracking numbers, yes, we will just try to send them out to everyone. i have asked seeed studio, which is actually doing the shipping if they could send out tracking numbers to every backer when their set ships. unfortunately they say they dont have a system in place to do this automatically, but they will see what they can do.  regarding the shipping process, several hundred copters have already shipped from shenzhen, hundreds more are shipping today and tomorrow. the amount of combinations of colors, copters, and frames has made packing the sets according to the orders somewhat time consuming. we understand our job isnt finished until all the sets are in the hands of our backers, so we know we have a lot of work to do to expedite this process.
i would like to have a tracking # also please.
please also send a tracking # my way. thanks!
i'd like a tracking number please. (i'm guessing everyone wants a tracking number.)
id like to receive my tracking number please!
i'd like my tracking information please. also, thank you @chinnarao
please provide me tracking information, seems like we have to specifically request this? thanks!
please send me the tracking #, thanks!
update please ??
still no videos as promised. be great to see how it's all going in terms of the camera
tracking number would be super! =)
i understand delays in production and trying to get us the best product, but please keep in contact with your 4,670 backers.  we really would like to be able to know what is going on.  when i put $200 into something i like to know all the details.  just a tracking number and an updated production schedule would be great. since this is a bit later is there any chance of a windows phone app release by the time we receive the copters? thanks
hi, its been 2 weeks since you started shipping out, can you please update us if you really have started shipping? if you have, please do provide us with the tracking numbers.
did anyone got his tracking number? i'm still waiting..
tracking number please
i would also like my tracking number
would like to have a tracking number also.  thanks!
a tracking number would be great..  cheers...
hey - i´d like to have my tracking number because i have to pay over 30€ taxes and have to give it to our office assistants. best, ulli
please also send my tracking number.
i´d also like to have the tracking number, please!
tracking number please
it'd be immensely helpful if you guys send me the tracking number too...thank you!
i hear all the cool kids are getting tracking numbers. can i have one please?
i would like my tracking number, please.
i would my track number, please.
can i get an tracking number as well
@claus i agree! seems like it would be easier lol. while i'm commenting, i'll request mine too: tracking # please?
tracking number please. thanks.
yeah, i would also like the tracking number.. (wouldn't it be easier to just send them out to everybody?)
are you suppose to get any kind of email if it ships? i'd like the tracking number if possible.
tracking number please.
hey can i get my tracking number as well?
@benjamin: i would like my tracking number please... thanks!
tracking number ...
i'd like my tracking number as well, please.
toss tracking my way as well please. thanks!
update, please. has everything gone as stated in the feb 24th notice, the last one posted?
hey guys! if tracking is available i'd like to have it please. my post office doesn't handle foreign orders that well. eta would be awesome as well! thanks in advance. :)
tracking number too please
tracking number too please
still waiting for my package in denmark =) (and yeah if possible, since everyone else asks, can i get a tracking number if possible) got patience, since this is more of a summer-toy imo ;)
has anyone actually received a tracking number ? shipping was supposed to have been happening for the last week. must be due another update soon ?
i would also like to have my tracking number, thx!
i'd also like to have my tracking number
i want a tracking number too!
hit me with my tracking number dude!!!
it would be awesome to get a tracking number here also.
can i have tracking nr?
same here.  tracking number would be great.
if tracking is available i'd like to have it please. my post office is a bit iffy sometimes. thanks in advance. :)
i second that. i'd like a tracking number! :)
i'd also love a tracking number for my order, thanks.
same, tracking number would be super!
ditto on the tracking number, please. thank you :)
can i please have my tracking information also. many thanks.
i would like a tracking number as well. thanks :)
@creator, tracking info please. if it's available i can't see why any backer wouldn't want it.  thanks.
i would also like my tracking number if possible. it isn't necessary though...
can we see some footage of the "successfully captured video while flying." can't be that hard to upload a video these days... also where are the copters shipping out from if it's taking 3-4 weeks to arrive? did i miss your location hub? thank you.
i would like my tracking number also.  thank you.
i would like a tracking number, thanks
i'd like a tracking number. thank you.
can i also have a tracking number - phone updated and app installed ready to go.
may i please have a tracking number, too?
include me in the list of people after their tracking number when available. thanks.
yep, i think that's a great idea to share tracking numbers!
i would also like a tracking number
tracking number would be awesome when available. thanks
i'd like to also get my tracking number, please! thank you!
please can you send me the tracking number once available! thank you ;-)
i'd like a tracking number as well! thank you!
@zach stinnett - ben black said tracking information is available upon request. if you don't request it you don't get it. they're working on a way to have the shipper send it to all of is automatically but for now this is the only way to get it...no one is spamming we are all just trying to get tracking info.
i'd like a tracking number and eta too. thanks :-)
i think they will give us our tracking number with out us spamming the form with request for a tracking number. let it rest please. thank you.
i meant i would like tracking information!
in would like tracking information for my flex.bot please!!
i'm pretty sure they will send tracking numbers without everyone asking. i don't recall actually seeing any footage of the hex coptor flying. surely that is more of a concern right now...
i would also like a tracking number please :)
another backer who'd like a tracking number!
please add me to the list of people wanting a tracking number :)
i can't imagine anyone -not- wanting a tracking number. i know i wouldn't want to wait 3-4 weeks just to figure out that there was an issue with the shipment, then start all over. add me to that list of tracking requests, please.
please send tracking number once available! thanks
i would like to track my flexbot on the may to me. please send me the tracking number.
i would like a tracking # as well.
can i get a tracking number as well. thanks
yeah i would like to know if my is being shipped and would like a tracking number
hi benjamin, thanks for the update re shipping. please make sure we at least get a notification that our flexbot has shipped - it's quite frustrating not knowing if it has or hasn't given how long we have waited already. if we can get tracking details with it as well that would be great as well.
i hope we can see some videos of both coptors flying aswell as on board footage. thanks for the update.
to address some of the questions asked here: -tracking numbers are available.  they are sent to us and we can send them to you upon request.  i will also see if seeed can send them to backers automatically.  -regarding the wifi cam, we have had working prototypes for a while, and in the past few days we have mounted the camera on the hexacopter, and have successfully captured video while flying.  some footage will be posted in our next update.  but there are still some problems with the pcba which need to be worked out.  its now looking like a shipping date of at least next month for the cameras. -shipping time for the copters: shipping is underway now, and it should take 3-4 weeks in most cases for backers to receive their copters. -the rc touch app has been replaced with the "flexbot” app. just search for "flexbot" on the ios app store or on the google play store.  remember that the android version requires android 4.3 or higher. -during the past few days, i have been updating the shipping info based on backer's requests.  if you have last minute concerns about your shipping address or order, feel free to send me a message.
is there any new news about the camera production status ?
is there any way we could get a confirmation of our surveys getting processed properly? :)
are we going to receive any tracking numbers for our shipments?? i've msged you and yet to receive a reply!
how long will it be until i receive my copter, i live in u.s. --hopefully fast :)
@nick: check this page https://www.facebook.com/flexbotnanocopter
has rc touch been removed from the ios app store? i couldn't find it anywhere.
would still love to see some videos of people flying theirs (early backers) as we will have another week until we have videos from the campaign owners.
i send a message to benjamin black but want to make sure that the shipping address that will be used is not the address given during the questionnaire that went out what seems like months ago!  please contact me regarding new shipping address since i believe the update mentioned that shipping was happening this week
@chinna rao, thanks for the tablet version. downloaded it without any probs and looks to be working as per the phone version. thanks again for your help.
update please ? not had any updates since the 20th jan.
still waiting impatiently for my awesome hexcopter too. :-(
@benjamin: maybe this might help you http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10832664/app-not-compatible-with-tablet
the apk file should be a 5.86mb file...i have shared from google drive for those facing download problems https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b9hcrjkxka0vmv9jdjfulwrpx0e/edit…
guys and gals, i have created a google + community and facebook page where people can share their thoughts and ask questions...better than ks's comments section please do join and let everyone teach and learn  google +: https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/107364751192727757284 facebook: https://www.facebook.com/flexbotnanocopter
@mark: the moto g or x(whichever is available in your country) is currently the best device that comes to my mind..
@zeno: not all apps that are supported for jelly bean(4.1) and above work on ice cream sandwich(4.0) try updating your phone to 4.3 or higher(or installing a custom rom if your device doesnt have an update)
so, this is the week they should be shipping!!! is everything still on schedule? will we be getting tracking numbers?
check out xiaomi or aquaris
can anyone recommend a cheap (cheapest)  phone that supports bluetooth 4.0 and android 4.3?
joshua. have your got the quad copter or the hex copter? i'm sure you will get the hang of it with practise.
still waiting on mine. i can't wait never had anything like this but looks like it will be a lot of fun to play with a ms figure out
starting it on a flat surface helped a lot. it's not easy, but it's not too bad, either.
jajajaja dat android... long life ios
so, i have a phone (droid razr maxx hd, android 4.1.2) that does have ble (i use a fitbit which communicates over ble and it works fine) but the app won't let me install! any idea how to install it? i've tried both the google play store and the apk, but the apk says "parse error"
is anyone able to comment on the difficult of the hex compared to the husban x4? because i found that very tricky at first but with practice i'm now a master (well not quite)
haven't yet received mine
i too received my quad copter yesterday.   it important to read the follow the diagram of rotor placement...i also had difficulty flying but i wasn't plugging in the battery while it was on a flat surface.   will try that when i get home.  my motors also spin a bit while in the frame..not a lot but i do have to pop out the motor on occasion and un-twist the ball of wire.
@ benjamin- any chance we can have an official update ? you mentioned last week that one would be coming.
if the battery is connected while the copter is not on a level surface, it can behave similarly to what @joshua zide is describing.
i'm surprised to hear that people are having problems installing the app on their tablets. we didn't test on a nexus 7 specifically but as long as the device is using android 4.3 and up, as well as using bluetooth 4.0, it should be compatible.  we'll look into what might be causing the problem for certain tablets. @joshua zide, i'm glad to hear you finally received the copter.  from what you describe of your experience flying it, it sounds like you might need to make sure the copter is on a flat and level surface before plugging in the battery.  it does take a little practice to control the copter, but it shouldn't be as difficult as you described.  feel free to message me if you are still having problems with it.
@michael: not all apps that are supported for jelly bean(4.1) and above work on ice cream sandwich(4.0)
@michael: ble in android is supported only on android 4.3+ i believe that the latest bluestacks runs only on 4.0 even then i doubt it would work..there might be compatibility issues..
i do not have any experience, so perhaps that's the problem. it seems very squirrelly; it requires a lot of adjustment to get anything resembling vertical motion (vs. skidding across the ground), and even slight adjustments cause huge motions. it might be mostly operator error, but i had thought this might be slightly more beginner friendly based on the promotional materials. also, the accelerator control doesn't seem to do much of anything.
@joshua can you describe a bit more about your problems are? have you flown a quad before? multicopters have a relatively high difficulty of flight compared to other single-props. i am trying to figure out if the difficulty to it being too light (or other problem) to flight well or just as hard as can be expected with a micro quad.
good news- it came in today and seems nicely made. bad news- it's really hard to fly, even in beginner mode, and the help for android is virtually nonexistent.
still waiting impatiently for my awesome hexcopter :p
@chinna i tried to use bluestacks to install this on my windows 8 tablet.  the tablet has bluetooth 4.0 vs my phone which is android but only has 3.0...  this was my only option but bluestacks is saying application instal failed: install_failed_older_sdk any suggestions?
here is the apk for ppl who need to side load it https://www.dropbox.com/s/0d4zohe985vddyz/flexbot_1.0.0.apk
source: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20669590/ble-on-nexus-7-me370t-with-android-4-4-2
@graeme: did you try side loading the apk file? you can get the apk file by using the application backup feature available in es file explorer..or i will post it in another comment.. the 2012 nexus 7 has ble(bluetooth low energy certified) but it has not been certified by google.. the only way is to root your device and use this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… though you do have to cough up some money.. the cheaper way is to install any latest cyanogenmod rom
@vitor. easy when you know how ! hopefully if its that easy then flexbot or at least someone will release a tablet friendly app
the app source code is on github, just download, make the necessary changes and done...
it's probably only available on phones now. i also can only download the app on my phone and not on my tablet. it'd be fantastic if tablets were supported in the future! especially those of us with the camera copter!
i don't think the app is compatible with tablets, only phones.
@kroegerama @kory android 4.3 is needed as this supports bluetooth 4.0
its not compatible with my nexus 7 tablet either which is on kitkat. any plans to make the app tablet compatible hex?
@kory you will need at least android 4.4 kitkat, because of it's bluetooth low energy features.
arne thanks for the link.  i tried loading it on two andriod devices one old version 2.3.3 (a phone) and one newer version 4.2.2 (a tablet) and both were incompatable.  what android version do we need?  do we need the new 4.4 kitkat?
sergey, the copter is ardruino compatible
is it possible to connect copter with, for example, raspberry pi or arduino? what kind of batteries are used in copter?
@juan colilla i hadn't spotted the delay in update 16, i was going off update 15. so i guess my question is have the batteries arrived and will packing be starting on schedule :)
you are wrong, they start the shipping the day 23! today they have the batteries, so please, wait a little :d
how is it all going? according to your schedule you were meant to have shipped by now, i'm guessing that hasn't happened so how far along are you?
hi guys! could you please check your messages? i haven't received my order.
still waiting for my package here in denmark - looking forward to have something to play with ^^
take this link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…
i went to the google play store and could not find the flexbot app. am i missing something?
still waiting to see a package, i guess i haven't waited long enough.
can the early backers who have received theirs take some photos or videos for us so we can see how they look?
just read the last update...... "... actual drop shipping will take place from feb 23rd-28th, with several hundred copters being shipped each of those days. we apologize for the additional delay ..."
hello hex team,  i think i lost a bit myself... what happen to the shipping of hex aerial photographer set without the wifi camera? it was supposed to be shipped by december and january... can you provide us with an update please, in your comments you mention only early backers... thank you!
can you share a link to the .stl files to print a set myself?
@ben glad to hear you are on track. i finally got to printing a hex shell this afternoon and it just finished up. i had some trouble on the motor mounts but everything else looks great. .1 mm, pla, 15% infill makerbot replicator 2.
@will manidis, the copters were shipped to early backers about 3 weeks ago from shenzhen china, and reached their destination countries about a week later in most cases.  however, it seems like the copters got stuck in customs for a while, as we do have tracking numbers and most only seemed to enter the usps system in the past few days.  we are looking into why this delay happened, but ultimately they are seeming to get through. @chris sasin,  you are right, the break is over and we are back at work here.  we even kept our 3d printing operation going during the break.  the reason we haven't posted an update in a while is that we don't have a lot to report that varies from the timeline and plan laid out in our last update.  we are working to resolve some issues regarding the packaging of the copters.  we are also reprinting a lighter design for the hexacopters, so that they will perform better with a wifi camera aboard.  however, we don't think either of these issues will affect the shipping date significantly @jacob rutt and @juan collila we will post an update soon, which will cover the shipping process as well as some videos which will answer some faqs about assembling and flying the copter @joshua zide, your package has been shipped to the us, but apparently hasn't passed through customs yet or otherwise is not yet being handled by usps.  we'll do what we can to expedite the process and make sure it gets to you soon. @jonathan chow,  yes we will still be shipping the copters and wifi cam modules separately to get the copters to backers asap @kalyana kolla, the android app is now available in the google play store!  search for "flexbot".  shipping is still expected to be on time provided we take care of some problems with packaging the flexbot. @terry, glad to hear you received yours!  your feedback is welcome @nick masciotti, our next update will come in the next week, and will be more focused on helping backers get the most out of their experience flying the copter, as well as covering our final stages of manufacturing. @mitchell schneider, good point.  our intention isn't to mislead our backers or otherwise antagonize them through repeated delays.  i think our team has learned from our mistakes this campaign about exactly what you mentioned, which basically comes down to giving plenty of extra time for things to go wrong, especially when working with a 3rd party manufacturer. @mark,  sorry to hear about your experience with the hubsan, i think you will find the flexbot performs better as long as you don't fly it on a very windy day. @tom mayor, things are basically going along according to the plan laid out in update 16.  right now we are facing some minor concerns about packaging the flexbot, as well as having to reprint some hexacopter frames.  this will be addressed in the next update this week. @gilbert vera, that will likely be coming later this year, but development hasn't begun and we don't have a specific date planned for its release. @ricardo de pena,  the module will be sold separately on our website, but not immediately after development finishes.  our first priority will be to ship the camera module to backers who pledged for it as part of their flexbot set.
website is backup on my end, apologies for the typo in the earlier comment.
starting to get worried, no feedback from flex nor early backers even though we are long past the break. only one confirmed received with no actual results and it is appears the website is down. we might be done here. :(
i'm basing this off some people i keep contact with but they're already back to work, i'd imagine everyone else is too :/
chinese new year is over and has been over for awhile. that's not why we aren't getting feedback. people are already back in the office.
it's chinese new year guys. i don't think there will be much interaction between hex and seed and therefore nothing to report until everyone gets back to work.
i think with no new updates were gonna get shafted again... hope we all get em eventually but prob not any time soon :/
:((( so close to the time of send and there are no updates, i prefer to think that these are good news jajaja
arne: i wish i could. although i'm an early backer, i haven't yet received mine. benjamin had said he's looking into it, but i haven't heard anything in a while....
can anyone of the early backers upload some vids or pics?
hi, will you guys still be shipping the wifi modules separately to get the copters to backers asap?
hi, did you release the android app yet ? :) and is the shipping scheduled still accurate to when you will be shipping ? -hex areal photographer set.
hi all got mine here today in ireland early backers!...(quadcopter).. thanks and i will give it away to a friends kid to open his mind to 3d printing and flying things thanks and good luck in the future
@ wills, well said... dude.....if backers want something straight away....go to amazon and buy it there.....kickstarter will always be a waiting game......but lets be honest.....its much better getting something....that was nothing....but now is something after watching it grow and develop and that no one else has but you and other backers, and you get it cheaper then what it would eventually retail for ;-) take your time hex......some of us are willing to wait for an excellent product....cant wait.
@benjamin: thank you for the confirmation mail... happy chinese new year!
@ nick, it is chinese new year so i doubt we will be hearing anything new until late february if not march. @ mitchell, this is very much a common practice on kickstarter. most long-time backers are used to years of delay, deadlines are accepted as fluid by most, and i don't think it is antagonizing if you know what you are getting into. you are funding a product, it needs to be researched, developed, licensed, manufactured, packaged, and finally shipped. it is very different then ordering from amazon, where you buying an already produced product.
can we get an update. maybe an eta on when shipping will happen or something
team... you are doing great. stop promising based on your best case scenarios. you need to (as per cliche) under promise and over...... your current tact is antagonizing your greatest fans. instead of being apathetic of production delays, which is normal, you are antagonizing your backers. contact me if you want to talk further. or just simply listen to what i just said. m
thought i'd get hold of a hubsan x4 to pass the time until hex arrives. took 3 weeks to arrive from china and on its second flight got caught by a gust of wind and flew into a neighbours garden, and hasn't been seen since! hoping i have more luck with hex..
any latest news?
hello benjamin, i am actually shifting to a new location next week and would require a change of address. please do confirm the same which i have mailed at black@flexbot.cc and black@hexairbot.com. new address.. chinna rao b. (+91-9662209435) block-b,flat-205, vuda apts,seethammadhara, visakhapatnam-530022 andhra pradesh india
i can see hex mini app already in ios store.
any word on a windows phone version ?
hello, what if i wanted to purchase the camera module in the future, will that option be made available?
@jonathan nguyen, it is easy to swap out the battery and have an extra one charging while you are flying.   @chin ket ming,  just got approval from the app store today for the ios app!  it will be available very soon.  the new version is not identical to rc touch, for instance you won't need any kind of additional equipment (ppm output cable). @craig baker, we just posted one yesterday, sorry for the long wait @graeme, hope you enjoyed the video in our most recent update! @time eisenman, a timeline for the production of the electronic components was posted in update 15.  currently we are basically on schedule, you can check out our most recent update for more details. @bogdan stanciu, there is a functional prototype, the video quality is good and there is not much delay when transmitting to a mobile device, but it would be ideal if we could shave another gram or two off the weight.  still working on it.  i would say there's a chance we could ship by late march, but i think april is more likely. @paul hunt, yes the copters will still be shipped in advance of the wifi module @brian, yes we are on schedule for everything accept acquiring the batteries from a supplier.  you can check out update 16 for more details. @rickard nordstrom pettersson, as @juan colilla mentioned, the gopro is too heavy for our nanocopters @rob ward and chris peters, thanks for letting me know! i will update your shipping information @matthew g pollock, can you send me a private message or an email at black@flexbot.cc to discuss? thanks.
rctouch looks the most like the images that were posted. not sure though...
is it possible to upgrade from a hex aerial photographer set to a spy set?
the app in ios is rctouch?
hi, we will need to change our shipping address. sorry to be a pain. rob ward annex products 39-40 mount street prahran  vic 3181 australia thanks
so just to keep it clear, the video module won't be shipped until april, right?
the flexbot can carry only 30 gr more, gopro hero 3 is too heavy for that nano copter
can i put my gopro hero 3+ black edition on the flexbot?
hey guys, just checking in. in reference to the chart on the last update, are you guys on target for tomorrows deadlines?
if anyone knows a (german) forum for the hex?
as i think the february ship will be only the copters, the wifi camera module still with the other date
as far as i understand the wifi camera module will still be later. i don't mind waiting if it means it will be a decent camera!
out of curiosity, and this may have been answered already, but is the estimated ship date for february including the wifi camera module or is that still pushed out past the ship date of the copters?
how many people move of housee!!? xd
i will go the move. so, i will let you know the new address. i sent you a message!
i think that we have to be patient, they will post it anyway maybe in the next update
also looking forward to the hex copter videos!
@timo eisenmann the plan is posted on the last update #15
do you guys have any more updates related to the camera module?
hello, know someone the actually timeplan? greets from germany
hello, know someone the actually timeplan? greets from germany
@benjamin black. thanks for the response on the hexcopter videos. looking forward to viewing them.
any new updates on this project?
how about the  schedule for ios apps?
is battery replaceable? with 7 mins, wondering if we could get spare battery to be able to swap out to get more flight time (sorry if already ask)
in answer to some specific questions:  @mark, android app is complete and we will be available very shortly. @james mccahill, unless you can find a camera module that weighs 12 g or less, the quadcopter won't be able to carry a camera as it is simply too heavy @nick o- sure, just please just send me the new address in the messages or at black@hexairbot.com. one more thing that may be of general interest. we promised that everything would be open source, so here you go.  the pcb design files, flight control code, and source code for the app are all available at https://github.com/hexairbot
everyone, things are basically going according to the timeline laid out in the last update.  we are still looking at mid-february for shipping.  since the last update, we have added a couple more 3d printers, so we now have 15, most of which we have kept running at all times.  although we previously posted a video of a working prototype of the wifi module, it is still under development as expected, and not ready to mount on the copter yet.  however, we will be glad to post a video of the basic hexacopter in action, since many of you seem interested.
the lack of recent updates lately has been concerning, to say the least. i hope all is well, and still going to plan.
please @benjamin black, i want to be sure that i'm in the good way pledging on your company, i trust on you, but i want to see only two things about the hexacopter, i want to see outside the house, how high it can arrive and how fast it can go, only that, in a video, and if it like me i will wait what you want patiently :) pleeease!
does the hexacopter have lights in the motors?
wow, yes parrot minidrone looks very similar to your design.
http://alt1040.com/2014/01/parrot-mini-drone
yes, parrot minidrone has copied your quadcopter, i don't know wich will be better, but they uses bluetooth 4.0 too with a smaller quadcopter and it haved 6-7 minutes of fly too
new toys for ces... http://mobile.theverge.com/2014/1/5/5277820/parroy-mini-drone-jumping-sumo
i finally found the website (hiding in plain site) and have you have you guys did a really good job! it would be even better if we could see some footage of the copters or of the manufacturing process. missing the mini-updates on your blog!
hi- is there anyway to change the shipping address? i won't be at the place i put for my shipping address in february...
still would love to see some videos of and from the video module and the hex flying.
so what's the shipping date for these? i know you guys are doing this for the first time, but that doesn't create any confidence among your backers.
hey guys! really looking forward to this!  my question-  i backed a quadcopter, and wanted to know if i'd be able to add a camera later?  i know that the weight carrying ability of the quad is lower than the hex, but i'm hoping you'll find a camera unit that the quad version can carry?  thanks for any info....
@will. there is a short clip of the 6 motor copter in the original ks video, but i was hoping for more!
the chinese hi-tech media report on the project, product and company: http://www.pingwest.com/demo/flex-s-hex-a-copter-that-anyone-can-fly/
@graeme +1 we have no real physical evidence of the hex-copter, the only thing we have seen is the few seconds of quad footage from the original promo. disappointed that i have not seen the product that i backed actually exists as we pass its original shipping date.
@graeme +1
rather disappointed not to see any pics or video of the hexcopter. was hoping for videos of both copters.
how are things coming along with the android app?
@michael s, unfortunately we only guarantee the app will work for ios and android, on devices that support bluetooth 4.0. @ james mcgowan, check out http://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot for free downloadable stl files.  i will be uploading the final designs today @juan colilla, the wifi cam module will take video and transmit the images to your iphone.  when you refer to the "video transmitter" are you referring to the one mentioned in the $469 set?  if so, then that does not transmit directly to your phone, it transmits a 5.8g analog signal to the fpv goggles.
the component that gives the abilitie to see what the copter see with my iphone screen is the "video transmiter" or the "wifi cam"?
hey guys, for those of us that happen to have or have access to a 3d printer, would it be possible to obtain the stl files so we can replace our inevitably cashed and cracked frames? :)
if we've been unfortunate enough to purchase one of the quads and don't have bluetooth 4.0 on our iphone, will there be an option to run it from a laptop (macbook pro) with a simple bluetooth dongle?
not much chance of that. more likely looking at feb march now due to chinese new year.
maybe we can receive it before chinese new year ? ;-)
i contacted with banjamin and he say that we have to be patient, the next updte will be very soon :)
updates?
you have to see that! http://www.alwaysinnovating.com/products/mecam.htm
@dreadful the ultrasonic sensors are very small and lightweight. but the problem is that the ultrasonic sensor don't get as god absolut position i z-axes due to the fact that the ground is its reference. another issue is due to its max measurement range when the sensor reaches its max value...! =p
i can't wait for the next update!! :3 winner name, videos os hexacopters, probably eta?, etc...
args it seems i backed 5 kickstarter projects and no shipping for xmas ...
@juan colilla - i've read that barometers are better for short flight times (because air pressure can change quickly) and for tiny copters because barometers are extremely small. an ultrasound range finder would probably be half of the weight of this entire copter.
@dreadful but is better the bmp085 barometer than the ultra sound echo? i ask only jajaja thanks for reply :)
@juan colilla - if you're talking about the large pile of random pieces, i doubt any of those items are actually on the copters. they may have been used to test or prototype though.  if you're hoping the ultra-sound was an elevation gauge, they've added the bmp085 barometer instead to sense air pressure difference instead of an ultra-sound echo.
in the video at the start it's visible an ultra sounds sensor for ardruino, will the copters have that sensors or is casuality?
@ benjamin, when is the next update likely to be ? i think the dissappointment of not receiving the copters for christmas could be lessened with a few vids and pics of the copters in action. when do you think the vids will be ready for viewing ?  i'm in no hurry, just eager to see a working prototype.
i have a simple question, whats the diference between video transmitter module and wifi cam module, and all the copters will have video transmitter? i paid 84$ (because of i'm from spain) for a hexacopter kit, it will have any camera (video transmitter)? or it is for separated?
@benjamin, how's the name polling result? i believe it would affect the label on the pcb and packing.
for the comment of apple i writted "i think" because i don't know if the app is already in google play store, but you said in the past that you will support android devices too, when the update solves the bluetooth 4.0 restrictions of android ^^ sorry for the confusion!
be good to see some videos of the quad and hex coptors flying around.
if anyone is still needing to fill out the survey, or made a mistake on their survey and needs to re-do it, just follow this link: https://hexairbot.wufoo.com/forms/customize-your-hex/ regarding the questions about bluetooth 4.0, yes bt 4.0 is a strict requirement.  but it is not exclusive to apple, as graeme mentioned, many android devices support it.  even if your android phone doesn't come with it, an update to android 4.3 will generally solve the problem. unfortunately, shipping will not happen until after christmas.  we realize this could be a disappointment to many backers and for that we apologize.  we have 7 3d printers functioning around the clock, but we originally planned to have 12 or 13 working.  in addition, progress on the pcb from seeed studio is a little slower than expected.  but we still estimate we can get most of the copters shipped before new years. in our next update, we will post more videos of the copters in action and of the manufacturing process.
at least the sprint version anyway.   :)
gs3 does have bluetooth 4.0 i've checked and i own one.
juan. not entirely true. there are android handsets currently using bt4. like nexus 4 & 5 to name but 2. so to say its exclusive to apple is incorrect.
@ james hobbs you could use custom rom for your s3 to get 4.3 and soon 4.4. i hop they release an android app soon.
@scott, i also have s3 and update due soon to 4.3 should bring bluetooth 4.0 so i am hoping that it will work....
they have a lot of work, they have to see all the surveys and only are 6 persons on the team, they have to see all the names sent for the new name of peoduct, build all copters, send the packages, etc... be patient please, and the answer is easy, if you don't have a smartphone with bluetooth 4.0, you can't use the copter, and i think that copter only works with apple products (at the moment) because android have a problem using bluetooth 4.0
still waiting for a response from 2 email messages i've sent.  for some reason i just realized that you have to have a phone with bluetooth 4.0.  i have a galaxy s3 that doesn't use 4.0.  don't know what i'm going to do now.
should we expect to receive our copters before xmas?
hi, when are you guys shipping ? :)
how do we get the different frames? where can we order them and where are the stl files hosted?
how do i know whether or not already sent mine?
yes, a shipping update would be great! i think a lot of us are still waiting for some finalized images of the copters as a whole also. and maybe some more videos.
is there any update on whether you will be shipping shortly? unless you're shipping in the next day or so or using a fast shipping method you aren't going to make a christmas delivery. i always thought it would be a long shot but if you aren't going to make it you should update your customers asap. people will be disappointed but not knowing is far worse.
hi, any tracking number ? eta ? to receive the "basic set" before xmas ?
okay, i got it. filled up the survey..
really hope the camera module is good. got a few months of practice before it comes so that should help. i think go pro cameras are too heavy to be carried...
@denny and ryan. i have also the combo set - just follow the link in the last update and select your package. then fill out your personal data, choose the colors for both 'copters and select if you want your hexacopter with the cam (march/april) or in 2 deliveries.
how difficult is it to attach the wifi? i'm tempted to get my copters & ship wifi later, but only if the wifi addon is easy enough.
same here, back the combo set but still no survey. so the survey now only applies to hex without camera?
i backed the hex combo set....... but still haven't got the survey yet !
hi! in your new survey,  i accidentally selected "hex stickers und buttons",  about my kickstarter reward selection was hex arial photographer set.  i've tried to redo the survey, but it does not work.  (this field requires a unique entry and this value was already submitted.) what to do now?
thanks for update 13 as i never received the original survey. however, there were only two pages to the survey at https://hexairbot.wufoo.com/forms/customize-your-hex/. after filling out page 1/7 with my personal, backing, and shipping information, i was brought to page 7/7 where i picked the colors of my copters. what happened to the pages in between?
i backed the hex competitive set but still haven't got the survey yet... should i just fill in the one on the link? https://hexairbot.wufoo.com/forms/customize-your-hex/
please answer your messages!
for when update ios app for ios 7 and 4" display? and please, the design more flat :( i can't see anything else that two joysticks
@david that makes good sense.  i was holding off, however, i've just submitted the survey, and lets hope that we get an additional survey to choose other colours if need be. i do have to wonder, how many days does it really take to print up a few basic shells in 5 or so colours ?
@ross, if you read the last comment from benjamin he said that they are planning to create a separate survey to allow backers to choose colours for the 3 parts of the shell, so it doesn't really matter what you pick for the initial survey you can still change your mind later. so if i were you i'd just complete the survey and pick your favourite colour (which is what i did) to make sure you at least get the survey in with your address. of course they'll definitely need to show us colour samples and some samples of mix and match colours before the deadline for the second survey :-)
same here +1 @ross @kho eng kien . samples samples !!
same here +1 @ross. samples samples !
received the last notice from kickstarter to complete the survey. this is still impossible as we  haven't seen any colour samples, that os unless we choose blindly which would never end well. any update on this? thanks
thanks for the survey-update. i'm in for the cam-model + 1 quad and was already looking in my spam folder for a survey i might have missed. but i reckon you haven't sent out the survey for us then. keep up the good work! and i'd like to see some color-samples, too. maybe even one of the cool combos!
just show examples of the colors as an update
should we expect to see these pictures soon in order to fill out the survey. not sure if you have considered using https://backerkit.com for the survey, it was used in another project i backed and we were able to see images of the product and also return and edit the survey within a certain timeframe
thanks for the feedback guys, we will be posting pictures of a copter in each color!  also, we are planning on sending a separate survey to backers that will allow you to mix and match colors for the 3 components of the copter (base, body, and cap).  some combinations look pretty cool.  this will also give people who changed their mind about the color a chance to edit their choice.  there was no easy way to offer this through the kickstarter survey, and there was no way to include pictures within the survey either. also, if you haven't received any survey yet, don't worry.  we haven't sent it out to certain pledge levels yet, including those which have a choice of custom designs.  you'll be receiving it shortly.
@shimmy bromberg, exactly! it would be nice to see the color options, before making such an important decision! :)
hey, could you post pictures of the different colours that are available?
hi, can we have a more specific time zone of delivery? since i will be away from home until first quarter of jan, i need to know which address to put on there.
some real pictures of (prototype) shells in the actual colors they will be produced in would be nice (no renderings). i will fill out my survey when i can see how they will look like in the real world.
it's great that the "shell" files are up on shapeways. i'd like to suggest that you also post them on thingiverse, since that site is much more popular for sharing designs and having others modify them. and you could perhaps have a design contest, which should generate tons of designs that would get you good visibility in the 3d printing community. also, if you can share the models in the format they were generated in, and perhaps diagrams with the relevant dimensions, that'd make it even easier for people to generate more custom shells.
hmm i kind of expected we would get to choose a few different body designs, not just color. i was considering designing some custom bodies to get printed though so maybe this just gives me more incentive to do so. i was also considering sanding the body down and giving it a custom paint job. do you think doing so would effect balance or weight in any noticeable way? especially with the cam module added to it as well i fear any thick clear coat to protect the paint may cause issues.
why is black not an option for the colour?
i dont know if already anyone wrote: when you ship outside us - especially to germany/europe - it would be very helpful if you attach an proforma invoice on the outside (!) of the package to declare the value of goods for customs.  otherwise the the package probably will get stuck. it would be very helpful. thank you.
yes, color samples please. can't choose...
@benjamin, could you provide colour samples before we pick one? thanks heaps!
may i know if you can provide me with details on batteries that would fit and provide more capacity the measurement restrictions? i personally wouldn't mind considering to pay a little more for the extra capacity. thank you very much.
@ross +1 yea can we see what we're actually picking the colours for? sample pictures of the various colours would be great. thank you
@riva tomasowa  2.30 hours @creator benjamin  qube from 3dsystems using pla.
it would be great to see pictures of the different colours of the hex. answering the survey is difficult when you don't know what each colour variation looks like on the hex, thanks
@benjamin can you post the color renders of the hex for the color options given in the survey?
@denny the backer, the footage of the skateboarder was for demonstration purposes only and not actually filmed from one of our nanocopters at all. at that time we only had 480p cameras to mount on the hexacopter and wouldn't provide good enough quality for our kickstarter video.
@kho eng kien, sorry about the disappointment about the battery, we are disappointed too. it just turns out that for a copter that fits in the palm of your hand, its really hard to find batteries that are light enough, inexpensive, and provide more than 7-8 minutes of flight time. @juan collila, the hexacopter can carry 30 g of additional payload.  it does have a slightly larger battery than the quadcopter to keep the flight time equivalent despite the extra motors. @kevin barfield, we do have several custom shells which we will be posting on http://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot soon.  thanks for your patience on this. @chris butler, thanks for the suggestion! unfortunately we do not have any plans to include support for that at this time. @george, what kind of printer/material are you using?  we've had pretty good success using up! 3d printers printing abs. @graeme, @dreadful, no problem, we can post those in our next update.  while our manufacturing isn't in full swing yet, we have several 3d printers functioning and printing the final versions of the basic frame.  and we have been continuing to do test flights as well.
hi @george, how long it take to print that hex?
@graeme - i second that! i'd love to see some hi-res images of at least the basic copters. they've got to be close to a final product by now since last week they said they we mostly on schedule and pretty much ready for manufacturing.
it would be nice to start seeing some pictures of completed components and perhaps a few more videos of both the copters in action.
lets hope for better 3d printers than mine ... https://copy.com/nhnmz1tzsd4lvtgj
is there an possibility to use the multiwii firmare on the hexairbot and also is it possible to connect an dsm2 sattelite receiver to use an stick transmitter ?
what about including artoo (http://artoo.io/) support for control?
@benjamin  i looked at the standard hex shells, and they look nice.  however, during the campaign you showed other shells that went around the blades.  are those not going to be options at this point?
i think thah hexacopter can carry more than 30g no? or have a bigger battery than quadcopter for the 6 motors, it's correct?
i think thah hexacopter can carry more than 30g no? or have a bigger battery than quadcopter for the 6 motors, it's correct?
is not a quadcopter, the recording is from a hexacopter, and i prefer a hi-density battery and carry small things, not a big battery and no carry...
hi benjamin, in the intro video of hex. actually the quadcopter is recording snowboarding kid from the back, how come quadcopter hex is weaker now?
that's even more disappointing news. from your faq, it writes that the hexacopter has the ability to carry another 30g? is there no battery that could give more capacity for the 30g? i know that some people might want the ability to carry, so im not asking that it'd be implemented across the board as it would be unfair to everyone. will you be able to give us options on the battery or maybe test some batteries and give us the models of these batteries so we could upgrade the battery? just my 2 cents and i know the better battery wasn't promised, but to me it was really the reason why i decided to upgrade to a wifi module from the basic set.
@chinna rao, the motors we use are fairly common inexpensive motors and aren't particularly delicate, but obviously not indestructible.  every reward set will come with a set of spare motors even though it wasn't listed for some of the sets at the beginning of the campaign. @dreadful, no problem, we can send you the .sldprt files @mark, yup, we just posted an update about that.  in fact, you will have the option to get both copters on schedule and get the wifi module shipped later @rousselin sebastien, the wifi webcam module will be available on our website separately in a few months, however it is too heavy for the quadcopter.  it can be attached to a basic hexacopter. @kho eng kien, unfortunately it looks like we are going to have to stick to our original choice of batteries.  we just can't afford to add any more weight to the copter. @joel mitchell, interesting design!  for now we are going to stick to our original design as our primary focus is manufacturing and shipping the copters as soon as possible, but its always good to have ideas for later on. @kalyana kolla, thanks for your patience and support!
a bit disappointed but i know u guys r trying ur level best.  :)
any ideas about whether these copters could be adapted to this design with one big prop in the middle and the others around it?: http://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/aerial-robots/iros-2013-should-quadrotors-all-look-like-this perhaps two could be stacked? thanks!
sad to hear the delay but i guess it can't be helped. thanks for being open about it. are there any updates to the battery improvement?? 7-8 minutes isn't exactly enough fun time!
hi, i pledge a 59$ quadcopter. i wonder if after receiving my kit, i could buy a wireless kit for to add on my quadcopter. thank you. sorry for my english. i'm french.
@chinna rao - if you scroll to the bottom and "show older comments", the creator said on oct 12 "we will actually be including a spare motors set with all of our copters."
@dreadful : could you please tell me in which update that was specified? also i pledged the $69 hex set and its description says  hex hexacopter set! thanks for your support! receive a basic (hexacopter) set, with a standard hexacopter shell and a spare propellers set. only spare props.
awesome cant wait !! :)
if the wifi copters will be delayed and we've pledged for wifi copter plus basic copter, any chance we could be sent the basic one separately? :-)
@chinna rao - one of the updates says that each order comes with (1) spare motor & prop set. @benjamin black - any chance those models would be available in other than stl format? it's probably fine more a lot of users, but i'm a mechanical engineer and only know solidworks.
@benjamin: are the motors that delicate? if yes then i would like another spare set of motors...i would wire whatever the amount you charge for it through paypal or you could just post the specs of the motor so that i can search for it locally
@tom mayor, @bgrant, the 3d printed shells hold up pretty well, we'll post a video of some "drop tests" of the shells.  in a bad crash, the motors would be more likely to break than the shells. @fredric akerman, we are now looking at a delay for the hex with wifi video module.  more info about the timeline for shipping that set will be included in our next update.  for the other modules, we are on schedule to ship in december.  we're aiming for delivery before christmas, but we can't guarantee it as shipping times depend partly on your location.  thanks for your understanding. @yves prignon, thanks for the suggestion about the acetone vapor bath!  i'm not sure we'll have time to implement in that in our production line in this round, but its something we'll consider for future production @chinna rao, thanks for backing, since the controllers are physically identical it would be possible to use a quad board in a hexacopter or vice-versa.  but you are right, the controller doesn't automatically recognize the number of motors, so you would need to make adjustments to the flight control software in order to get stable flight. @ariedi luca, we will need to ask the 3rd party logistics company, we'll definitely offer that capability if possible. and for everyone interested in getting the stl designs of the shells: we have now posted the final versions of the standard hex shell and standard quad shell, as well as their respective "cap" and "base" pieces.  check out http://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot to see the designs.  the designs are free to download, the prices listed there are shapeways' prices if they were to print the frame for you.  the final versions of the custom frames will also be posted there shortly.
when will you make the shipment you send us the track-code to follow the settlement of the package?
@benjamin: i backed you up for the hex hexacopter set($69).  i cant find any hex 3d printed shells on https://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot seems that the quad version is more popular my question: is it possible to use the controller of the hex version on a quad frame? or would any tinkering with the software be required...  i was thinking that the stability of the hex version would be impeded when used on a quad frame  please do correct me if i am wrong
@benjamin: i backed you up for the hex hexacopter set($69). i cant find any 3d printed shells on https://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot my question: is it possible to use the controller of the hex version on a quad frame? or would any tinkering with the software be required... i was thinking that the stability of the hex version would be impeded when used on a quad frame please do correct me if i am wrong
thanks @dreadful! i assume the "fixed" are the latest designs and now they are available to download. nice!
@ the people looking for the 3d models... if you look way down the list of comments the creator gave a link to the shapeways store or you can search shapeways for "hex airbot". the models that are there still look like they're in the testing phase, but i've used them for basic size, spacing, and weight for my creations. https://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot
@all, i also want an injection molded frame but this usually tends to make projects more complex and costly furthermore and in defense of hex... the project description states that backers will get to choose from a set of "3d printed frames" so if we get anything else it would be a bonus. on the other hand, i would really love to see examples of the frames that we get to choose from or at least get to play with the stl files. can hex provide those any time soon?
i am also a tad concerned about this. especially as the first few flights are likely to be somewhat bumpy!
i am concerned about the 3d printing as the hex will probably not survive a fall from 10'+.  the board does not have a low battery sensor to automatically land the hex when low on battery.  personally i would like to see a drop test performed to make sure the hex will survive a fall from 15' onto concrete.
@benjamin, can we get the latest hexa or quad stl? i want to create some shells design while we are waiting. i believe everybody feels the same way. thanks heaps!
keep the 3d printing and customised shells. injection moulding means delays and potentially higher costs when including tooling.
where could we view all the different copter cases?  do you have only one design for the hexa-copters? given the longer time for production using 3d printing and finishings, when will we be selecting the case we want? thanks.
regarding the "a negative aspect of 3d printing is that the appearance is not as nice as injection molded products" it can be partly countered by the use of an aceton vapor bath.  i was also wondering about the choice of tech for the shell but hey you are doing a kickstater campaign so you can do whatever you want ;) will you release the 3d printing plan to you backer?
i hope that the estimated delivery date is correct. i'm hoping to give this to my son as a christmas present
i hope they i'll be manufactured in such a way that is considerate of the way the 3d print layers are built up. otherwise they will break very easily. 3d printing isn't as simple as sendin a model to a 3d printer. design should be optimised for the particular type of 3d printing that is to be used. will it be laser sintered? or layered? just to name a couple of types...
regarding the choice to use 3d-printing: at one point we also considered traditional manufacturing methods such as injection molding, but in the end we decided to stick with our original plan to use digital fabrication. here’s why: 1. 3d printing allows for easy alteration of the design and greater potential for customization 2. for injection molding, we would need to find an experienced mold designer. if the design is not suitable, problems could arise in production. we do not have any understanding of mold design, and are worried that we could run into serious difficulties. also, we can continuously print 3d printed designs and modify our design if the results are unsatisfactory. 3. speed of production: 3d printing takes longer than injection molding for each unit, but when the time to design and manufacture the mold is taken into account, 3d printing will be faster for us. keep in mind that we offer many custom shells, and would need to design a mold for each of them. furthermore, using injection molding, we expect that would need to assemble multiple components to complete a shell, with 3d printing we may be able to print a complete shell. 4. distribution channels: if we use 3d printing to manufacture our product, many places in the world and even individuals can serve as our distributors. this way allows us to be closer to our end-users than traditional channels, and we can take advantage of the increasing popularity of 3d printers to innovate marketing strategies. 5. a negative aspect of 3d printing is that the appearance is not as nice as injection molded products, and that in bulk quantities the manufacturing speed is slower, and the cost is higher. but 3d printing technology is continuously developing, and if 3d printing and other methods of digital manufacturing are combined (incorporating the robot in our case), we will have a good method for mass production. 6. finally, we have visited many factories, seen the conditions under which workers carry out repetitive work, and we don’t want this to be part of our manufacturing process. for all these reasons we will stick with our plans to use 3d printing and other digital fabrication methods.
i think they should use injection molding because its faster and stronger and it could save them production time on the shells.
that's true up to a point. to fulfil the ks orders they need about 2k basic quads and 2.5k basic hex shells, but after that; there's a few hundred custom variants.
why on earth would you still use 3d printing as a mufacturing technique for the plastic parts? the amount of plastic parts you have to manufacture easily allows for injection moulding. you can even make the structure lighter and stronger at the same time! if you need advise on this, i will be happy to assist you on this.
is there any sort of road map you can show us to see what you'll be doing and when?
kickstarter rule no1 : creators should never say " more news in the next few days" and then not post any news !!!! any advance on the oct 22 comments ??
dear hex team, you should really put the messages regarding any state of production in the updates section... like the information, that you are in shanghai figuring out the production process! ;) we (the backers) shouldn't have to roam through the comments for such crucial info ;)
stick with the 3d printed shells, maybe send out a survey so people can choose to wait for tooled shells. (reduces the wait time for those happy for the 3d shells! )
can't wait till i get mine !!!
"... we will use up to 10 printers printing simultaneously, and we have purchased a small industrial robot to automate the process of retrieving the frames from the printers and packing them for shipment...." i hope you guys have done all necessary calculations. but i don't know if this is the best approach. making the frame designs 3d-printing compatible is one thing while using the technology for actual manufacture is totally another. in addition to much (hundreds if not thousands times?) slower manufacturing speed, 3d-printed frames are usually less strong due to the nature of printing process. and, unless you are trying to build an automated 3d-printing manufacturing workshop through the process of this project, the approach may not be cost effective either, especially when considering the fact that you will continue to make these frames beyond kickstarter rewards.
is it posible to make a full covered shell to do it waterproof? (when is rainning or to stop it in the water...) is not too usefull but it may be interesting :)
did you say before you would look at different manufacturing methods other than 3d printing due to high quantities? just wondering.
@creator please avoid any rush and production split over too many places. guess most backers prefer a sound manufacturing quality rather than absolutely sticking to initial timing.
but if you want @creator, you can add a proximity sensor for estability when is at low distance to the street or lights in the motors activable with the app, or any thing like that :d jajajaja (or gps low cost if it is posible) if you want, if is not posible, nothing happens, we can wait for one hex 2.0...
please, leave the hex team do their work, i have seen a lot of coments that dislike me and the first iea and project of the hex company is perfect for me, leave it do that they want to do and wait to december, i don't want to invert axis, or and old app for ios optimized for ios 4 when the 73% of ios devices have now ios 7 with inclusive the api to use remote controllers!! i want one ios 7 4" screen optimized app for the best result! :d i love hex airbot and i wait for my hexacopter set, thanks @creator !!!
@creator: great news we all waiting for! updates at last :)
everyone, we are currently in shanghai, china planning the manufacturing stage of the project.  since we have a large number of orders to manufacture in a short amount of time, we're looking for the most efficient way to handle it. while a few details are still up in the air, we've come up with an overall manufacturing plan.  basically, the pcb will be manufactured in shenzhen, and we will take care of the 3d-printed frames ourselves in another city in china.  we will use up to 10 printers printing simultaneously, and we have purchased a small industrial robot to automate the process of retrieving the frames from the printers and packing them for shipment.  this should allow us to have a shipping date in december as we planned.  an update with more details and pictures of our manufacturing plan will be coming in the next few days.  we really appreciate the support and patience of all our backers, and we are working hard to ship the rewards as early as possible.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bluetooth_low_energy#le_compatible_devices and there goes my chances... feeling awful right now...
@romain: awww...too bad... @mark: seriously? i have this phone(as a spare) and i was thinking that it would serve as my controller... http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_star_s5280-5314.php he mentioned this bluetooth	yes, v4.0
@mark @chinna rao "the android version will be compatible with android 4.3 and above."  cf. faq
it doesn't mention 4.3 specifically but i believe that it does require bluetooth 4.0, which is only enabled in android 4.3
@elroy manning: i cant find it mentioned anywhere that android 4.3 is required...where have you heard/read this?could you point it out please?
any updates, thanks, or new news on camera + copter weight improvements? we all have smartphones, just a this is what's up would be nice!
what version of ios is minimal requirement for the app? does the app work on iphone and ipad? i have an ipad 1 and a iphone 3g both on 4.2 ios version. also android 4.3 is not commonly adopted by handset manufacturers, would it be too much to ask for android 4.0 and higher to be supported by the android app? ordered a grip of these things and became quite disappointed when i realized the requirements for the remote to fly the things makes the controller much more expensive than the flying device itself.
might be good to have the survey allow for more than one answer.  in my case, i plan to use botha the ipad and. iphone. dan
@ tom - this is true, however surely they can take 5 minutes off their busy schedule to provide a quick update, or even a “thanks” to everyone that backed the project. according to the schedule, manufacturing is due to start in less than a month. it would be good to know the progress towards achieving this date, especially due to the current challenges they are working on (e.g., higher density battery, bl e improvement, shipping, etc).
lack of updates for a few weeks after the project is funded should be read as a positive thing. means they are investing into the project with our funds and working hard. i'm looking forward to seeing what we are told next!
its over a week, i think amazon payment have already paid the creator... please update.. something?
its really time for an update i think - come on guys give us some info about the timeline for delivery
i agree with tim, updates please. :)
it's been a week - perhaps time for an update - timeline to december, current status, etc...
@ tolunay gul it will be great if they can easily do that ^^ hope the camera control also has the invert option.
when will the surveys be out?
it'd be pretty cool if the hex boards shipped to the kickstarter backers had a special backers only silk screen. :-) corrector items ftw! :-d
now let's see what are the chances of getting our copters by new year ;-)
@ kenjimaru i think you can invert the y axis in the multiwii controller software. it wil be an simpele code like 255-y_value  instead op y_ value.
hello benjamin black, invert y-axis control means when i input up on the control pad, the hex will go down.  when i input down, the hex will go up. just like controlling an airplane. hope u guys can let users to select this kind of control in the option menu. since i really can't control well without the invert y-axis. thanks!!
@kenjimaru, could you explain what you mean by "invert y-axis control"? @timmy, i don't have an exact date, but all will be released before we ship in december. @chinna rao, we will be shipping the copters as "gifts" for import purposes, don't worry. @tom mayor, we will be fixing that in the final product. @bitfrosting, the tiers are pretty much identical, but we will be providing our backers a coupon code for discounts on hex products, as a token of appreciation for their early support.
everyone, we understand there is some disappointment about hex not having gps, the problem is it isn't as simple as adding gps to the existing copter.  it would involve introducing a new model with some pretty major modifications, including a new microcontroller with more memory.  as nick pointed out, there wouldn't be a whole lot of point in adding gps to a copter which is mostly intended for indoor use anyway.  the new gps copter would have to be larger and better suited for flying outdoors.  due to these reasons, we aren't going to be able to offer the gps at this time, even though we got fairly close to the stretch goal.  but it will be a priority in future versions of hex.  and although we didn't hit 600k, we would like to thank our backers for providing a very strong finish to our campaign!
@david rodriguez, currently the ble communication between the copter and phone is basically unidirectional (phone to copter), the delay for sending information back from the copter to the phone is unacceptable.  but we are working on fixing that, once we do we'll implement an osd which will display that info.  and yes, we are going to be sending out coupon codes to all our  backers, we really appreciate your support. @phil, since we are shipping hex as a simple kit rather than a fully assembled product, that certification won't be necessary. @kalus psoe, we use the att bluetooth profile, and it should work fine as long as you have bluetooth 4.0 @wouter zwiers, the mosfets are irlml2502. @sven bayer, the protocols will be open and we will be releasing an api as well @juan colilla, you can hook up a battery with higher capacity as long as it is 3.7 v and isn't too heavy for the copter.  also, keep an eye on our updates section, we will post if we end up using a high-density battery which would give a 20-30 min flight time.  and yes, we will be sending a coupon code to backers, as a thank-you for your support. @bogdan stanciu, the battery will be available for sale on our website as soon as we make the final decision which one we are using, that should be well before we ship. @paolo b, yes, we will actually be including a spare motors set with all of our copters. @eralp karaduman, very interesting idea for use of the hex board!
does anyone know if the hex was more of a pre-order to generate interest or if there was any added bonus for backers? i noticed on hexairbot.com that the pre-order through their site looks exactly the same as the tiers here.
im surprised we havent gotten any responses. they must be partying too much!
will the final position of the camera module have the legs in view all the time (as in the update with the flight video) ? i'm guessing not but wanted to check.
no gps =/.  as thott mention if there is a way to upgrade pledge to include the gps i'd be on board for that too =).
i know this is too early but when you ship the rewards will you be sending it with an invoice or payment reciept anything? psst...i dont want one... i would prefer if you shipped it as a gift so that the snobs at customs here dont try to extort money from me.. am new to kickstarter and this is my second backing
alas no gps ;-(( any chance you could give all the hex aerial photographers a spare battery ?
@nick: the gps would have been a complete new copter - at $299...
great job guys! can't wait to play with it. maybe i can make it 3d print something :)
excuse my ignorance but how would the gps have worked anyway? i thought the hex could only really fly indoors so what would the point have been? congrats - i'm really looking forward to it!
congratulations! no gps! sigh!!!
congratulations! i believe that i speak on behalf of everyone here when i say "these are the droids we are looking for!"
*loud applause*
congrats!! we were very close to 600k :( ... gps!! gps!!! gps!!! ;)
*loud applause*
no gps :(
5, 4, 3, 2, 1, blastoff!!!
@timmy they are using microwii copter for the design and software, which is opensource
hi, can we get a date when the open source hardware and software will be released?
720p + hex copter... amazing deal
i'm wondering if the hex has invert y-axis control or not.  really concern about it. thanks!
so close to 600....can still update to gps... we love this project so much!!!!
i'll make a zeppelin/blimp out of hex!!
hello, any chance you consider adding spare motors sets also for hex aerial photographer? thank you
any chance of pledging more for getting extra batteries?
as we're getting close to the 600k gps stretchgoal, i'm wondering if there will still be an option for current backers to maybe upgrade their pledge after the campaign ends to upgrade to it. i'm currently in for the 199$ option but would happily add more money in it, but with 5 hours to go i'm afraid we might hit the stretch goal but lack the time to upgrade the pledge.
i can't find my other comment, but i rewrite it, can i plugg hexacopter to an extrabattery of 5.200mah to extend the fly time? and other question, will the backers get a discount for all the future products of your company? congratulations for the 500k and hopefully get 600k for gps!! or find alternatives :d (sorry for my english, i'm from spain jajajaja)
i can't find my other comment, but i rewrite it, can i plugg hexacopter to an extrabattery of 5.200mah to extend the fly time? and other question, will the backers get a discount for all the future products of your company? congratulations for the 500k and hopefully get 600k for gps!! or find alternatives :d (sorry for my english, i'm from spain jajajaja)
hello, i'd like to control hex with my computer. do you provide an api for the control protocols of copter, so i can control it by my computer or do i have to access the control protocols of the copter with other public apis?
could someone tell me what kind of mosfet is used to drive the motors?
which profiles of bluetooth are used ? i have an asus memopad hd7 with android 4.2.x and (currently my only device with) bt4.0 and i wonder to control the hex with it. is an unsheduled update to android  4.3 really the only hope for this device ?
can you olease make sure that you get ce marking sign (and similar marks) so we dont get importing problems in european countries. thanks
also, will discounts be offered to kickstarter backers on future hexairbot products? in regards to the gps - there's someone who has developed 1 gram gps - might be worth looking into: http://www.rcgroups.com/forums/showthread.php…
can i integrate this somehow with an osd that provides some basic info e.g., artificial horizon, distance, height and run time?
@adam doktor, apparently the myo armband has an api for android, so you might be able to get it to work.  but we haven't really looked into getting hex to work with myo, so i can't guarantee you anything. @arne, you are right, if we do hit 600k we will have to offer a new pledge tier, and introduce a larger copter with a modified control board.  unfortunately we cannot simply add a gps to the existing copter because our microcontroller wouldn't be able to handle it, also it might weigh down the copter too much. @denny, making the boards identical was actually a very recent improvement, until a few days ago the hexacopter board had two more mosfets than the quad board. @calvin, yes we will include that feature @bojan potocnik, the pcb is 2 layer.  regarding your request, please contact us via message or email for more information. @naveen, unfortunately that is not something we offer right now as we are focused on the design details of the copter itself.  however, it is a good idea that we will take into consideration for future versions of hex. @gordon laplante, thanks! @justin wardill and @calvin, we will be selling that wifi webcam module on our website and it is easy to attach. @jonathan nguyen, we aren't offering multiple options for battery, but we are trying to upgrade our current battery to a high-density model which will provide much longer flight times.
sorry if this already ask. is there option for bigger battery for longer flight?
in emailing bejamin regarding questions i had, he did say the cam module is planned to be available after release as a separate item.
would love to get the camera version but can't justify the extra cost currently when i can get one cheaper, probably not as good quality, is there a possibility of purchasing a camera module in the future as an add-on?
awesome job. we only have 140+ backers. i don't know how you manage over 4,400!
can you guys make and include carrying cases or molded boxes for the hex copters to carry around in our backpack that we can get my increasing our pledge.  i really like to have one to carry the hex around.
gps sure would be nice!  lets go folks!
come on guys, pledge pledge pledge, i really want gps!!!
is it possible to get unassembled pcb? all components, but not soldered. i'm asking because i will modify my pcb and it would be shame to put original components away with board (i will connect hmc to mpu's aux bus because of the invensense's advanced integrated digital motion processor, and add a few things). pcb is 4 or 2 layer?
will this work with the myo armband?
another (i think ) easy & usefull add on would be a flashing led if the copter goes into failsafe, or crashes to help find it if you lose sight.
omg! now i know that quad and hex is actually with same boards! why the creator first stated that they are come with different board >:o
afaik, the gps option will be a new bigger copter for 299 $. what's the benefit for the current pledgers?
will this work with the myo armband?
i seriously think 600 k is a reality..  hello gps
@greg, the quad copter can carry 12 g. the hexacopter can carry 30 g. gopro is too heavy for it. @bojan potočnik, we connect hmc5833l on atmega i2c bus. @tom paridaens, this does't work with apm:copter.  because apm runs on atmega2560 only. @bitfrosting , the board now supports 6 motors， and all mosfets will be on board. in fact,the quad board and hex board are the the same!
how much can the hex copter hold? i.e. could i put a gopro on it.
@denny the backer, @adrian png, if we don't reach 600k, the gps copter won't be available this time. but we hope to bring out our next generation product with it in the spring of next year. @nacho teres, before the stretch goal, we have added two more sensors, digital compass and barometer, to the flight control board so that every backer benefits. @george, yes, we will release the android app before ship the rewards. @jack carey, the ios app will be open sourced to. and we will release this app on apple store, every idevice user can download it for free. @calvin, thank you man! we will send you a special gift within your order! :) @riva tomasowa, thanks for your suggestion, we will make a user guide for everyone. @sebastian najnert, because android 4.3 or later versions have bluetooth 4.0 support. we hope it can work with earlier verions.
will the android version of the app really only be compatible with android 4.3 and above?
@benjamin, thanks for the update. i hope in the final you can make a user guide or manual that came with the product, either printed or digital. as a layman i want to know the summary of all the things, what's in hex, such as wiring, component, dimension etc.  wish the hex team good luck finalising the great project! hardly wait for christmas to come,,
i wish we can get that gps.. it will be ultimate quadcopter. i can make my own drone slaves... btw gps will be available to all backers right??
please, nearly 600k... make it possible for gps :)
any chance you could include a gps even if the 600k stretched goal is not met before the end of the funding period?
just out of curiosity will this work with the myo armband? that's bluetooth too, so there shouldn't be any problems controlling hex with it right?
can i use an external battery to charge hex?
could the battery be upgraded to a s3 lipo battery pack. to use with emax multi copter motor mt2213-935kv. i plan to build a larger quad copter. would this be possible using your control/autopilot board?
i was the one that pushed it over 500k... do i get a prize?  lol
looks like we'll hit 500k congrats! another 100k for gps :) 43 hours to go still...
congratz on 500k
@tom paridaens, thank you for this awesome piece of information. hex processor is (almost) the same microcontroller as apm's coprocessor for usb connectivity, so from the performance view switching would be awesome. you could simply connect apm's output pins to hex mosfets, or you could simply add output stage from the hex's schematics (6 n-channel fets) to the apm's board (eagle files are available) and it would work with some pwm tunning. * but - too nice to be true... weight is the problem. there is no chance you could mount this board with active gps antenna (this weights quite a lot) to hex with camera. i think even mounting it to the bare hex without the camera would be questionable. * and, it think hex is not really meant to be used for outdoor flying (it's so lightweight that i'm quite worried about wind) - so this kind of gps stabilization and flying on predefined path is more or less meaningless. also bluetooth "remote" only works up to 50m. hex is nice and funny little toy for killing time and playing with friends ;) or, if you are more adventurous, you can play with software developing, modifying, even adding as many special features as you want! you can't freely fly other (bigger) quadracopters inside the house :p
will it be easy to add an extra couple mosfets and resistors to the quad hex board, so that it can upgraded to handle 6 motors?
will this work with apm:copter? some explanation: http://copter.ardupilot.com/ as far as i understand you will need this: http://store.3drobotics.com/products/apm-2-5-kit the main question is, will it work? it does work with arduino but i'm not experienced enough to understand if it wil really work
did you connect hmc5833l on atmega twi bus or on mpu-6050's auxiliary master i2c bus? i hope that you did on auxiliary master i2c bus, because invensense's dmp algorithms support externally connected magnetometer on aux i2c, or, if you don't use integrated dmp, aux i2c can be set to bypass all i2c data and therefore magnetometer acts as it would be connected to atmega twi directly.
@benjamin black, that's awesome! will only the android app be open source? as i don't think it will be possible to install the app on idevices without a developer account.
i'm currently signed up for $199 (hex + camera / quad) - can i add $20 to upgrade the quad to hex?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
you have an android app ?
now that your days are really counting down, have you figured anymore info about the upgraded camera and better flight power, bigger motors, etc. i would like to upgrade to a camera option but if the whole package is not there i might just stick the the plain hex copter. i know that this copter is about the size of a mosquito (3-4inch) so how durable overall is this? how many crashes can it take before its just a broken toy in a corner? thanks.
i still dont understand how do you make an strecht goals then its not beneffit for all the backers. only for the camera backers....any answer about it....
hi @benjamin, if the hex could be use for film production, could it be installed gimbal? maybe 2s of 5 gram hobby servos... maybe you should hook up the wifi cam to hex battery but using a bigger battery?...
@sergey lukin, the vc0882 is not an open platform, and the manufacturer does not seem to release much info to the public.  we do know that it supports linux.  the video will be streamed over wifi. and we decided to go with the 1 mp sensor due to price, weight, power consumption, and video delay considerations.  the video processing software is unfortunately not open source, we didn't write it ourselves. @jonathan koay, the boards are not quite the same, the hex board has a couple extra mofsets and resistors for the extra motors.  also, the battery is different to power the extra motors. @noyan berker, once we solve the weight problems we'll post a video showing how hex flies. @shane goodson, there is a status led on the board already that you could hack by modifying the flight control software. leds would also be pretty easy for you to add on yourself, since the board is arduino compatible and there are plenty of unused i/os. @yeung chun yiu, the range is about 50 m. @enrique lopez, great idea, but be aware that hex does not handle gusts of wind very well, since it is very light. @jack carey: -triggering your own outputs is fine and simple additions like leds should be quite easy.  the hex app is open source and you could modify it to control your add-ons. -you won't need a iphly transmitter, our copter communicates using bluetooth (wifi for the camera) and you just need a phone which supports bluetooth 4.0.  sorry for the confusion, the final version of the app won't ask you to plug in extra equipment -the hex app will allow you to see the video stream from the wifi module -altitude and orientation info will also be sent back to the phone via bluetooth. @bogdan stanciu, we will probably not be adding a new pledge tier officially... but please feel free to contact us directly via private messages or email regarding your request.
to me, this is what kickstarter is all about, pushing the limits and creating new products. i'm happy to hear that you guys are working so hard to deliver the best product possible!  keep up the great work! we're all waiting anxiously!
everyone, sorry for the delay in getting that update about the cam module posted.  as you can see, we are making progress on implementing the module but our work is not done yet.  for those of you who are concerned about hex's flight abilities while carrying the new module, we aware that the difficulty hex had in the update video is not acceptable.    we will be either improving the motors or finding ways to make the copter lighter.  the video didn't show a final product, only our progress in this aspect of the project.
any chance of putting a new pledge for 2 hex with camera module?
(whoops!) i downloaded the app and was asked to plug in the transmitter and that's why i assumed it would be included, but forgot that the copters use bluetooth. i presume the rc touch app will be updated when the copters are shipped? which will answer my questions below.
how is the telemetry data (like altitude and orientation) going to be sent back to the user?
will the iphly transmitter be included with our purchases? and will the rc touch app support the wifi camera module?
i've upped my pledge to the hexacopter but will we be able to trigger our own outputs? things like leds or small electromagnets and the like?
looking forward to the copter, we'll use it in our production studio to film photo shoots from the air
how high and far does it flight?
any chance of adding on some led's for messing around with at night?
i still do not know how hexacopter or quadcopter fly. if i can not see this i can not pay you for it. this is not just camera project its flying quadcopter and hexacopter project so i have to see how it can fly how it is stable or how its not!.
@jonathan koay i asked the same question a long time ago: "a hexacopter has a better battery and can carry more than a quad one. currently the quad and hex use different boards."
i'm a bit confused with the $49 and $69 pledge. i am currently in the opinion that, the hardware for the quadcopter set and hexacopter set is the same except for the number of motors. meaning if i pledge $49, i get the hardware and 4 motors. i can convert it to a hexacopter if i buy 2 more motors at a later stage. is this assumption correct?
i backed you for the basic hex model (69$). before upgrading to the wifi module i would like to know few things: you use vc0882 chip.  after googling for half an hour i could not find any useful info, like datasheets, supported sw, linux kernels, etc. only cheap tablets. is this an open platform? can you post a link to the dev board you are using now? will it support linux?  how the video will be stored to usd card? or streamed over wifi? why not to use 1080p (5mp) sensor if it is supported by soc? the price difference is minimal. will the video processing sw be also published as opensource? kind regards, sergey
ui, the last update changes a lot! great!!!
wow! the new camera module is wicked hot. sign me up!
@denny: i completely agree with you. the people are reluctant to upgrade their pledges because we don't get updates! well, at least the hex-team doesn't need to think about 720p cam because we'll never reach this strech-goal....
its just a week more.. but we need usd66,000 to reach that next goal... i think if everyone in hexacopter set upgrade to aerial photographer set, it will boost it.. unfortunately, it is very late the samples of high quality 720p videos upload.. may result people reluctant to upgrade  their pledge...
you have a tier that has a hmd, have you tested the camera with the oculus rift at all? the current resolution is a little low for it. also, if we implement our own camera solution, is it easy to implement into the current framework?
@bitfrosting +1 and quadcopters hovering at non touching controls video. cam module maybe not ready but what about flying capabilities ?
would you be able to provide a pledge that gives you 2 hexcopters with wifi video module? my plan was to add another one after the campaign but would really like the high res video, maybe others will upgrade and get the campaign closer to the 500k mark.
i would love to upgrade to wlan cam, but not with the current video quality...
hi guys, any chance of an update on the progress?
@hex : it really seems most of us are waiting for more info about this better cam. could you at least tell us a bit more precisely when you'll be able to deliver some new data about it ? would you mind sharing a bit more with us the different options for the cam you must be studying at this time of the project ? thanks.
@bitfrosting +1
@bitfrosting +1
@matt and @bitfrosting, we are working to get the best camera module possible, and the footage will be included in one of our next updates.  we apologize for the delay on this.  the decision to improve the camera module was made largely based on feedback from backers once the kickstarter campaign was already underway, so we got off to a late start on this.  thanks everyone for their patience on this aspect. @evangelos, a december shipping date is still what we are aiming for.  we can't guarantee that we'll ship on time but we think it is still realistic. @everyone, regarding the shell designs:  -we have just released the most recent basic shell design for those of you who want to get an idea of the dimensions, and design your own: http://hexairbot.com/ks/hex-7.stl -keep in mind that we are still optimizing the size, and the exact dimensions will probably change. -the prices on shapeways are the prices they ask to 3d-print the shells for you, our shell designs will be released for free on our website. -we will be posting many more design files on our website in the upcoming weeks and months, all will be released before we ship.  we will most likely wait until the remainder of the designs are finalized before releasing them.
@hex, will you guys be revealing footage from the proposed camera upgrade ahead of the stretch goal? i would really like to see the quality of the camera before i pledge for that tier. i also feel like i might not be the only one sitting on the fence.
hey guys, awesome project! how realistic is the december delivery date?
... i think the word "annoying" in english has a negative weight much higher than its meaning in portuguese, sorry for the form that i expressed myself.
not annoyed. but trying to have some fun :-) i would be basing my designs on wltoy v929 quad until we have a template wish the team all the success in this amazing project.
for those annoyed by lack of 3d models, the main page says (scheduled) timeline until 10/15 they're still optimizing the size of the controller. i've roughed out my designs for a custom body with the dimensions they gave for the motors and with the overall dimensions listed on the models from shapeways. but until they finalize their design the final dimensions are in the air. more people would be mad if they printed their bodies now and come to find out the final product changed when it ships. i say we just wait to print them since the product isn't even scheduled to ship for another two months minimum.
@bernap: hex is a business, not a charity. don't get "open source" confused with "free".
it's quite annoying that you guys have uploaded 8 shell designs to shapeways to be sold from the first day of campaign and until now have not uploaded a single shell as opensource for people with 3d printers that want to start print and mod the shells. what's the reason for this behavior?
i am designing a custom shell. i would be needing a template for dimensions. there are no free shapeways models for hexbot. it would be highly appreciated if link to plain and standard template provided in order for 3d modelers to start customizing.
it would be cool if there was an option to take a photo aswell as controlling video capture from the smart phone.
omg we are less than 45k away from the next stretch goal and we are have 10 more days to go!!!
i hope i'm not being redundant. can you direct me to or release a video of the hex shooting a video while flying? i haven't seen one and i think this is a very important thing to see as a backer before your pledges are taken from our accounts. thanks
@bojan, we will be posting those files by the time we ship hex. @maikbey, the camera module is actually doesn't receive commands from the phone, it just constantly transmits the video feed.  the hex app then gives the ability to see/record the video.  it has its own small battery, so whether it is running or not won't affect flight time. @noyan, we will be posting an update including that soon.
@bryan, we are looking into replacing the camera and battery, so i'm not sure how much the final weight of the copter will be, sorry.  we'll post the weights as soon as the final decisions are made about components. @bojan, that's a good idea to use multiple batteries like that, that should work.  again, we'll keep you posted if we end up replacing the battery with a high-density one. @tom and @david, that video is actually showing an early, much larger version of hex.  it is really just a staged "concept" video, showing the kinds of things a smart drone might be able to do eventually.  its not intended to accurately depict the capabilities of the hex nanocopter. @chris sasin: - for some of the reward packages we offer a choice of many different custom shells.  we also have designs posted on shapeways, and we will likely be posting more later.  see http://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot - arduino is quite easy to learn, in fact it is intended for people without much programming experience.  its definitely something you would be able to teach yourself. @bitfrosting, the board can be used for more powerful motors/copter, you could hook up the pwm outputs to escs for the larger motors. some modification of the flight control code might be desirable.  also  for a larger drone, it would be better to use a different remote control system (a physical remote control unit rather than a smartphone).
hi, is it possible to add new flying videos to see how it is stable hover without touching controls. thanks
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
if you have back for the hexacopter with camera, will you be able to turn off the camera using your app? might be good for extending flight time.
"hex is a completely open source nanocopter" - so where can we download .sch/.brd/.prjpcb files? when will the files be available for download? for example, if we want to modify/add something to pcb?
@chris sasin:  if the folks making hex don't offer custom shells then i bet you could go to a company like shapeways.com and print up a custom shell.
please let me know if i understand correctly: can these hex boards be used to control more powerful motors? can they be used to control more powerful copters? should they be used to control more powerful copters?
@ all: if you pay attention to the intro video of hex main page, the one who carry video camera to follow skateboard man is actually is quadcopter version(as the one feed the cat), not hex copter...
@ david i assumed so ty for confirming. i too noticed it was bigger than usual. i'm assuming with them 3d printing all this if they provided the blue prints for the 3d printer we could scale it up ourselves and make minor mods in it to keep the circuit board area the same size, motor mounts same width etc, and then have a bigger version? and if someone doesn't mind my asking how easy to learn is this arduino stuff? i'm not familiar with any programming but i would like to start up with hex to make this somewhat of a hobby - something id have to take a class for or can i learn at home?
also when hex is funded and launches, etc, will you provide a way for use to buy custom shells through you or will we have to download the schematics and then find a third party for printing and if so then where would one go to do this?
yep, i'd say its definitely an empty cup. even if that hex in the video could carry a full cup of coffee it's bigger than the ones available here on kickstarter, so no chance of us being able to do that. plus there's also the fact that they would have lost comms with the hex once it gets a few stories down that building, and having a full cup of hot coffee flying around in the air would be a health and safety nightmare! ;-)
@youtubecoffeevideo has to be an empty cup right? i mean i'm backing to a hexcopter pledge regardless but can it really carry a coffee cup???
@tom http://youtu.be/zkf0s9_oqig i found the video on the blog page of their website blog.hexairbot.com
has anyone got a link to the youtube video of the hex carrying a coffee cup in through the window? haha. i can't find it anywhere!
@bitfrosting: no, i don't have it, but i am making (possible) theories. my calculations are for hex without the camera - camera takes up this extra weight which i dedicated to battery. but, as i look now, theoretically there is 15g left on hex, which is not enough for wifi cam (17g), but enough for 5.8ghz cam (3.6g). or, if you put 750mah (18g) lipo on hex instead of 950mah (25g), that leaves you 25.6g lifting power, which should be enough for both cameras.
@bojan: do you already have a hex? thanks for your tip about the battery. do you know if you can use your new battery and the camera module?
i just ordered few batteries because i will try to replace them on my hex. i will share my thoughts, maybe someone get interested... quad can carry 12g and hex 30g. it's not ok to connect 2 lipo in parallel, so i will remove original battery and replace it with larger one. battery weight is 10.6g, so new quad carry weight is 22.6g and hex's 40.6g (without battery). so... quad: http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewitem.asp… (214% capacity, 4.6g left) hex: http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewitem.asp…  (271% capacity, 15.g left) with a price of $3, i will order few, so when i am flying with one, others are charging. with 7 minutes flight time, 30 minutes charge time and 5 batteries, you get constant flying because you always have one fully charged battery left :d
what's the shipping weight and dimensions  of the $159 pledge? just out of curiosity.
@bitfrosting: - a swarm mode probably isn't practical with the current version, especially because we use ble which is point-to-point, and only useful for controlling one copter.  some kind of control center and different hardware would probably be necessary to implement a swarm mode. - yes,  we will be posting that code on github - the shell designs will be available for download and on shapeways - with the cam it has a flight time of about 5 minutes. @christian uhl, yes, with a little hacking that is possible.  if you want to use brushless motors, i would recommend that you remove mofsets used for driving the brushed motors, and hook up the pwm output pins to escs for the larger motors. you might also want to upgrade the battery to power the larger motors. you would need to modify the flight control software as well.  finally, for a larger drone, a different remote control system (something other than a smartphone) might be desirable. @jian huang, we will be upgrading to a 32-bit platform if we hit our 600k stretch goal, although in that case we won't be using mwc flight control anymore because its gps capabilities are limited. @danny,  -hex is not really autonomous, but some basic commands like you mentioned might be possible.  we'll be posting an update about adding "intelligent control" features soon, and look into including something like you mentioned.  -hex flight control uses c-based arduino programming language. @karl, we don't officially offer that reward package currently, and kickstarter typically only allows one pledge per backer.  but please feel free to contact us via private message if you'd like to discuss this further. @myles shannon, unfortunately hex is only compatible with bluetooth 4.0 @abduljalil, thanks for helping us get the word out! @kai laborenz, we are currently working on adding a new cam module as well as implementing intelligent control, we'll post updates as soon as we make some more significant progress on those aspects.
not much time left. i would like to see the camera stretch goal but without some news i guess it won't happen...
approximately 900 backer to next stretch goal. lets spread the news :-)
is bluetooth 3.0 compatible with a 10m max range?
@karl jakob jurna, one workaround you might consider is to create a second kickstarter account. the quadcopter and hexcopter are roughly the same value if you consider the number of motors you get in each pledge, i.e. 5 motors for $50 and 7 motors for $70.
hi! would it be possible to somehow pledge for one quadcopter and one hexacopter? maybe a new pledge tier at $119 plus shipping? this is a great project, i'm already thinking how to use the copter as a small futuristic drone in a small movie :d
will hex be able to fly autonomously?? and will this autopilot be programmable as well? for example to let it fly 2 seconds to the right at speed x, 2 seconds upwards at speed y and then smoothly land the hexacopter, with just one simple command? second question is what programming language can be used by default to program hex? hex is already being super cool! but this autopilot feature could really make a difference.
will the rc touch and hex source code be placed on github? i think github is great. will the 3d printer shell designs be released for download (and modification)? how much flight time will the battery provide the camera equipped 6-moter hexcopter?
arduino leonardo has only 8-bit. is it possible to use a 32-bit platform so that there will be enough cpu power for us to add features later?
is it possible to upgrade to high power brushless motors with a regulator to expand it to a full carry drone w/o replacing the whole circuit board?
hello, regarding a swarm mode, do you think the hardware currently planned for the hex can be hacked to add the function of swarming, or do you think future versions of the hex will require different hardware before a swarm mode can be implemented? thanks!
@denny, we are looking into adding a warning system to tell the user when hex is nearly out of range.  currently the option to have it automatically fly back doesn't seem as likely.  thanks for the suggestions. @luckylynx, more updates are coming soon, we will update backers on improving the cam module as well as our progress in implementing intelligent control (our first stretch goal). @myles shannon, we chose bluetooth because the bt module is quite small and light, well suited for a nanocopter. @ken chi and @tom mayor: more updates are in the works. we are still in the process of implementing the new video module, we'll show sample in-flight video as soon as that's done. @nacho teres, yes the 500k pledge goal concerns the camera module as we've gotten a lot of feedback from backers requesting a better camera. @bitfrosting: -the hex board is based around the arduino leonardo -the hex app is open source and modifiable -the copters are sensitive to wind, as @wollemi pine mentioned.  -rc touch software is open source -currently we don't offer any kind of swarm mode, but it is a possibility for future versions after the kickstarter campaign.
of course we all gonna fly this outdoor... indoor only quadcopter would defeat the purpose of aerial photography... i hope it can withstand strong wind..
does anyone know if multiple copters can be made to communicate to each other? in some sort of swarm mode?
@bitfrosting - benjamin black has said this: "technically the copter has a range of about 50 m (this includes up). however i wouldn't recommend flying it that high because hex, being very small and light, is quite sensitive to wind. while it can be flown outside on a still day, it is usually more suitable for indoor use."
another few questions: how do these copters handle in the wind, or can they be flown outdoors? what kind of altitude can these copters be flown to? is the rc touch software opensource, or can it be customized to use mods to the hex platform?
does anyone have answers to the following: is the hex board arduino based? can the hex app be modified to have custom controls? thanks!
some flight footage from the camera would be good. especially if you have managed a better camera already...!
just a question the 500k strecht goal only bennefit to the backers then pledge for a hex with cam right??
+1 @luckylynx, @denny : looks like pledges are starting to plateau off, and we are at 50/50 risk at not reaching the $500,000 stretch goal at this time according to kicktraq trend graphs: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1387330585/hex-a-copter-that-anyone-can-fly/#chart-exp-projection adding more updates, pledge choices, and especially an aerial video sample would definitely help ;)
why not wifi direct for both control and video? i really want to see compatibility with my nvidia shield, but it only has bt 3.0
i agree with @denny regarding the number of posted updates. post more updates about the processes you're involved in at the moment! :) and the pledges will keep coming
@benjamin: question about about out of range controls: -1. can hex gives feedback about bluetooth signal strength? so when only 1 bar left we don`t push it outside range.. -2. can hex gives smart controls, when hex is out of bluetooth range, the cpu calculate to stop and back to opposite last direction so it enter back the range of bluetoth?
@rob, thanks for your interest! @denny, the hex app actually does include the capability to control the copter using the accelerometers in a smartphone, so it may not be much of a stretch to extend it to the omate.  we'll look into it. @maikbey, it is possible for you to install a different battery on hex, but keep in mind that we are working on replacing the current battery with a high-density one, giving it a much longer flight time @alexander, actually we just posted that diagram tonight in the updates section! @ariedi luca, thanks for your support, and we also consider improving the camera a high priority @elliander eldridge, the 5.8g range may be significantly further than the bt 4.0 range which is realistically about 50 m.  if the copter goes out of range, the throttle is set to a failsafe value for a few seconds, which is intended to let it land gently, then the motors are disabled.  we currently don't offer any audio options, but that is something a user could possibly add on. @chris eldred, as i mentioned to elliander, the failsafe throttle setting is designed to let hex land safely in that situation. @vitor, i just put a comment in the most recent update listing all of the unused i/os. @ursm,  -yes the hex board is compatible to be used with a quadcopter.   -adding a gps may not be easy, especially because of weight considerations.  but it is one of our stretch goals, and we are currently working on it.   -all of our software will be open source and you can modify it any way you want. -the hex app will be available for free @valentin ivanov, thanks for getting the word out about our product!  we will be selling the board separately on our website later.  if you have a question about receiving the board as a pledge, please contact us directly via private message.  we apologize for the inconvenience.
its been slow increasing the pledge.. i think the creator should post more pic/video of the production unit.. for example the omate smartwatch 2.0 using #45 updates with more pic/video of capabilities of the product could attract new backers faster...
hello! awesome product! i have mentioned it in a forum https://www.ghielectronics.com/community/forum/topic… and somebody brought an issue not being able to pledge for just the board. so the question: is there a way to do that? or will the controller boards be available as an offer later? thanks, valentin
@ursm, about your other question, most of the gps that i see use serial to connect with the micro-controller, but as you see, the is no available serial ports. i don't know if emulating one serial port on analog pins will work, i'll do some testing on my arduino tonight. i'm not an spi expert (far from that, i barely don't know anything) but there is maybe a chance to connect to another micro-controller and connect this second one tho a gps (i really don't know if this is possible, i'm guessing here)
@ursm, if i read and understood well, it is saying the the "auto-pilot" the board that controls hex it is arduino compatibility, so yes, should be re-programmable, free of charge, etc... i asked one question and apparently the available i/o's will be: mosi  miso  sck  reset  a0~a5
hi sorry, if i ask questions that have been answerd earlier, but i did not read all the history. :) first; is it possible to build a quadcopter from a hex?  i mean is the configuration accessible and reprogrammable? second; is it possible to add a gps to it? third; will the programs be published under creative commens licens and free to change? last; will the controlling app be free of charge? thanks for your time and effort.
i don't know if anybody asked this before, but will the "auto pilot" board have extra i/os? this would be great for anybody that wanna customize hex and extend its functionalists.
@ elliander eldridge i think that a lot of the range may depend on the power of the bluetooth antenna on the phone or device controlling it. adding to that, it would be nice if when hex flew out of range it would slowly lower to the ground, unlike the the parrot ar.drone which likes to remember the last command it was given and then  fly's off into a tree, or decides to go visit the clouds.
ahh, scratch a portion of that question. i see that it does support bluetooth :) but what is the range of the included bluetooth? is the range of the 5.8g connection larger than the bluetooth? i read that the maximum range of wifi direct is 656 feet while the maximum range of bluetooth 4.0 is at least 200 feet with. in either case it depends on the device itself. so what ranges could i expect with this? oh, and would there be some kind of feedback from the device to indicate if it will soon move too far away? i think it would be interesting if it could be programmed to recognize based on signal strength if moving farther away from me will cause it to lose connection and so would refuse to go further. also, still interested in if there could be a audio options. for example, i think it would be funny to wear it and fly it down the wall and randomly say hello to someone. could there be room to add an audio module of some kind?
with the 5.8g spy tier, will there be any way to use a bluetooth connection in some way? (or maybe add one?) i think it would be interesting to write an android app to tie this into the emotiv neural headset to control the copter with my mind while also possibly recording the video to the android. will there be any sdk for people wanting to program with it? what is the the range of the 5.8g connection? would there be any way to have it transmit audio to and from the copter as well as video?
!!! i look forward to using hexacopter in venice, it would be great to have a hd camera, the fact that you have a vga makes you think the funding of the project ... i believe in you and i look forward to a change of direction on the choice of the camera ... ciao
will you be releasing some sort of wiring/pin diagram? so we will know what goes where for programming.
hello, thanks for answering the comments so frequently. how easy will it be to replace the battery? i am thinking of buying a bigger one since the copter will be able to carry some extra weight.
hi @benjamin, i am backing up omate smartwatch 2.0 here on ks. omate have bt 4.0, gyroscope & accelerometer... can you make hex android app have option too control the copter using gyros & accelerometer sensors? it will be very cool to control hex with just waving hand (with omate of course!)... thanks
fantastic! :-)
@theodore, yes, the hex app can record the video captured from the wifi cam. @romain and @abraham, we have done some more research about the kickstarter rules regarding this.  feel free to contact us via private message or email for details. @jian huang, the av output is pal format. @roger, i have discussed that idea with the rest of the team, and it doesn't look feasible at the moment.  however we appreciate your suggestions and feedback. @rob, we are actually looking to upgrade to a high density battery with a longer flight time.  we'll announce the details as an update as soon as we have found a suitable battery. @leo s, thanks for your interest and we welcome your suggestions.  we do try to listen to the opinions of our backers. @tolunay gul, expect to see the android app posted later on, recently we have been focusing on a lot of other improvements to hex. however, we will definitely release it before we ship in december.
on the timeline was stated that the android beta app would launch on 9/15. is there already an beta app or do we have to wait a bit more for it tot come out?
thanks for implementing the $199 combo pledge that was suggested last month :)
a better stretch goal might be a higher capacity battery ;-)
i think that "stretch goals" can do more harm than good to some projects. for example, i think that $500k is *more* likely to be reached if the change from vga to hd is opened up immediately. of course that involves a risk to the creators; but in a project like this which has already reached 34 times its goal i think the risk is small and the benefit great.
benjamin, thanks for the response.  i'm glad you are checking into it.  i know many other projects have done this so i hope it's copacetic with kickstarter.
regarding recording video when using fpv goggle, according to the specs, this goggle has one av output which can be used to record the video by many devices that take analog video signal. one question: what is the format of that av output? ntsc or pal?
@romain: fixed url: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/sparkdevices/spark-core-wi-fi-for-everything-arduino-compatible
i agree with scott rogge. i do not know the kickstarter rules about adding rewards but projects (like this: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/sparkdevices/spark-core-wi-fi-for-everything-arduino compatible) did this. at the end of the campaign all backers who increased their pledge amount over the initial pledge received an e-mail to specify the additional reward. maybe you can contact the spark core team for more information. sorry for my bad english
will your app be able to record video transmitted from the wifi camera (ie, will the hex aerial photographer set be able to save the captured video)?
@abraham westfall, according to our understanding of the kickstarter rules, we can't provide extra add-ons that aren't listed as part of a reward set during this kickstarter campaign.  we're looking into this issue currently. @david voyer, yes, the frame is only about 4.72 x 4.72 inches @scott rogge, i do think we have a good chance of reaching the 500k stretch goal, and even the 600k goal seems possible.   as we approach those we may consider adding even more stretch goals.  in regards to manufacturing the frame, we have recently been looking into other options to complement 3d printing as a fabrication method. @abduljalil, we would welcome your input as to any improvements you would like to see aside from the camera issue. @kutzi, thanks for pointing that out! since the prices seem about identical, we may in fact use the bmp 180. @brent sagnotti, as i mentioned to scott, we are now looking into other manufacturing options. @alexander, yes all the code will be released once we ship the products.  we do want to keep the project transparent and open to input, even after the kickstarter campaign ends, so yes could create a forum on our website for that purpose. @ken chi, 1) currently it has the same 640 x 480 resolution.  2) yes, the same app is used to control the copter. 3) unfortunately there is no way to easily record video using the fpv goggles. @thott, thanks for your input, we will consider those as possibilities if we add other stretch goals.  and we are planning on implementing gps if we hit our 600k stretch goal. @carlton dodd, thanks for your support and sorry there was not a more convenient way to do that.  kickstarter does not allow us to give more than one reward per backer, and its my impression that that includes giving additional add-ons and additional copters.  however the kickstarter rules about this aren't exactly clear.  we are currently looking into it as we'd like to be more flexible in which items we can offer to backers.  if anyone has any tips or experience with this issue your feedback would be appreciated.
had to start another ks account to get the combo of rewards i wanted (1 hex w/camera, 3 quad).  sub-optimal solution, but had to be done.  being able to add on quads at $49 each (maybe others at appropriate prices) would have been great.
if we reach an other stretch  goal i'd love one of the following: - paid addon for controlling brushless motors & a ble -> rf bridge for longer range - gps addon with flight path planning
can someone tell me : 1) if the $469 reward with 5.8g video fpv will have the same 640x480 resolution or will this be 720p.   2) while using the fpv glasses, will control of the copter be done on iphone as well?   and 3) can this video be recorded and how is this done (eg. on mobile device or onto sd card etc)  thanks!
@benjamin (regarding camera): thats good to hear!
have you though about releasing the code for the public? i'm quite curious :) also, have you thought about starting some kind of forum on your website? it would be a great way for community based support and things alike.
+ 1 you might need to think bigger than printing all your frames now by way of a 3d printer. molded injection or something else for sure. how are the quality/layering of your prints too? you soon will be moving out of the garage! (-_-)
i guess the bmp085 is obsolete and replaced by bmp180 ( http://www.bosch-sensortec.com/en/homepage/products_3/environmental_sensors_1/bmp180_1/bmp180 )
i wish if the next stretch goal will have an impact on non camera pledges.
the trends say that $500,000 is nearly guaranteed - http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1387330585/hex-a-copter-that-anyone-can-fly/#chart-exp-projection how about some more stretch goals? another kickstarter project i am involved in offered us opportunities to simply increase our pledge amount over the initial pledge as if we were adding a pledge for shipping then when the project was complete we just explained our pledge amounts in a survey. this got many more initial pledges and increased the stretch goals dramatically (look at rigidbot for an example). having this project exceed or near $1,000,000 would cause lots of extra publicity as well. i know that many of us would be happy to spend 2 or 3 times what is pledged to get more and push the goals. i would personally buy several of the hex aerial photographer sets for xmas gifts if i was fairly sure they would be delivered in december.  i also agree with jian huang in regard to 3d printing all of the frames that you will sell in this campaign. i agree with you that it is awesome that we can print our own frames with our own 3d printers or create them and order them through sites like shapeways. it just seems crazy to print several thousand identical frames that could be produced with injection molding so much cheaper and faster. how long will it take to print the 3,000 or so ordered now? what if that becomes 10,000 or more?
does a 3d printer making 5.9 inches x 5.9 x 5.9 big enough for all of your frames?
can i add $69 to my pledge and also receive the hex hexacopter set! reward as well?
awesome. very excited about this now!
@tom mayor, the camera will be pointed at about a 45 degree angle downward, as you suggested @nathan, not all the hex copters come with a camera.  the $159 and $199 reward tiers come with a wifi cam mounted on a hexacopter, the $469 tier comes with a 5.8g cam module mounted on a quadcopter. @abraham westfall, unfortunately we don't offer customized reward packages during the kickstarter campaign.  however after the campaign, we will sell all copters and accessories on hexairbot.com, allowing for much more flexibility in which combinations of copters and add-ons you can purchase. @kai laborenz, whether we reach the stretch goal or not we will most likely be replacing our current camera.  if we can't get 720p, we will at least aim for a higher frame rate than we have currently. @eric martel, it sounds like that would be possible, as long as you take into consideration the payload limits of the copter. @benson chua, yes, there will be a charger/wall adapter provided for each copter.  we will have a variety of wall-plugs available for different countries, but you can also charge it via usb. @ken chi, thanks for your support and encouragement!
awesome job everyone for stretch goal #1!  according to my crude calculations (lol), the $500,000 stretch goal should be easily met in 14.38 days or so, if we keep up this pace of backers!  :)
regarding the reward tiers with multiple copters, will the number of chargers/wall adapters equal the number of copters? also, will there be wall plug selections? @nathan the camera module is separate from the copters. have a look @ the $159 and $199 reward tiers
considering the "open"ness of the system, would it be possible to modify the photographer set to add a servo to tilt the camera?  i guess it would be a matter of printing a new chassis and adding a camera frame + a tiny servo? thanks
i would like to see the aerial set with a better camera - hope for the stretch goal but in case it will not be reached - you should think about a better camera. the footage quality wouldn't justify to buy the kit (for me).
hey, regarding the update #6 and the added reward of getting both a quad and hexa copter: can we upgrade from quad to hexa, or get both, in other rewards as well? i chose the $429 option but would really very much rather have the better copter.
do all hex copters come with the camera?
maybe more of a 45 degree angle down wards assuming its a reasonably wide lens.
which orientation will the camera module be on the areal photographers pledge? just wondering as once this is up in the sky you'd want to take photos looking down rather than forward.
@jonathon le, the spy set includes a quad copter which carries the 5.8g video module. @or cohen, it is technically possible to use that kind of transceiver, but it requires some extra equipment and isn't necessary for a small copter meant mostly for indoor use.  so we are not planning on offering anything like that at this time. @tom, we will make high frame rate a priority @jarno, i completely understand your reasoning about that, and we understand that there is a significant demand for a windows phone version of the app.  we'll work on it and be releasing it sometime next year. @rob, yes,  the video is transmitted in real time back to the mobile device so you'll be able to see the camera's view while you are flying hex @danny kilkenny, the $159 hex aerial photographer set includes the wifi cam module and copter, everything you need to stream video to your phone.  all you would need to do is download the free app.
300k's reached. go 500k!
how much is it to have the complete kit to be able to stream wifi video to my phone in real time? is it an add on or do i have to buy it as a set?
sorry i did quick search,..sorry i missed the question... with the wifi camera attached it transmits the video back to the ios or android device via the app?
good to see windows phone app is on the strecht goal / high priority next things to do list. i am a developer myself, so it's good to see that protocols are open so i (or someone else in the community) could do an app. however, i am hesitant to even get the cheapest quad ordered so i could try to do this after being badly burnt by romo. they had info on their protocol and i started controlling it from windows phone, but then their next revision was basically on another protocol and iphone only. if the makers are not supporting my phone, i fear a multi-dozen bucks gadget will get shipped to me only to just gather dust somewhere. and i'm not really prepared for that. so unless there will be more definite info, my pledge level will stay on $1 for now. otherwise, i'll probably go for the new $199 combo pledge. still 30 days to go, and i'm using the kickstarter warning options so i won't miss closing date, but...
just want to say thanks for all of your responses. really makes me feel part of the project and a valued backer! re: frame rate. 60fps would be ideal i think. unless there are faster frame rates available... ;-)
@creator: i actually think i'll have an apc220 long range serial transceiver instead. are you planning on having a similar add-on available for purchase?
will the spy set now include the quad copter as well or how much more is needed to be pledged to get it?
@denny, sorry for the delayed response.  we are actually going to add that reward option tonight!
@steven grubb, the dimensions for the control board are 36.4 mm x 40.8 mm (for the new board).  the dimensions of our current webcam module are 28mm x 42mm x 6.5mm.  the webcam dimensions will change because we will likely replace it with a better one. @ken chi and tom mayor, frame rate definitely is a concern.  whether we meet our stretch goal and upgrade to 720p or not, we will try to use a cam with a higher frame rate than the one we are using now (which supposedly is in the range of 20-30 fps, but definitely seems to be on the low end).
@or cohen,  yes you could, but the app should be modified since the characteristics of different ble modules are not the same. @james e, the quad and hex boards are currently not the same.  that is something we will work on changing in later versions, but not likely before the end of the kickstarter campaign. @christian, we will be releasing all the files on our website and/or on shapeways.  we have tried printing the frames with both fdm and sls.  we have found printing with sls gave more precision, but the frames printed with fdm were much stronger and more durable.  for that reason we are probably gonna go with fdm.  the weight of the frame really depends on which design you select. @jian huang, we thought 3d-printing the frames would give the most potential for customization, as well as the ability to rapidly prototype.  we also wanted to make as much of the project open source as possible, and wanted to provide the stl files so people could print their own frames if they had access to a 3d printer.  and yes, you could basically fly fpv while looking at your phone.
i know what you mean ken chi. i hope a better camera resolution also brings a faster frame rate. frame rate is probably more important though!
$159 backer here. thanks for the video demo in the updates section.  my concern is the frame rate though... seems a little slow.  do you think with mobile aerial movement, the frame rate will make video very blurry?
can you post the current dimensions of the control board and webcam so that we can start to prototype frames, i understand the the dimensions could change like the board already has, but it is easier to modify a current design than have to rebuild once we get the bots, thanks :)
anyone working on a frame that includes a couple long-fuse bottle rocket launch tubes?
a couple of questions: 1. considering the factor you probably will receive relatively high quantity orders for most (if not all) shell and frame options, what are the advantages of using 3d printing in this project? 2. if "there is no perceptible delay" with wi-fi video or wi-fi telemetry, is it possible to do fpv flying without fpv glasses kit?
thanks for this really cool project :) i have a few questions about the frames: 1) will you release the models of the different frames (source and/or stl files)? 2) what method are they printed with? if not fdm, have you tried printing some on a reprap style machine? 3) what's the weight of the frames and how much optimization potential is there?
are the control boards for the hex and quad the same?  can the quad be upgrading later by getting extra motors, frame, props...etc?
@herbert: thanks, and what about my previous question?
@or cohen: take a sec to check out the faqs: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1387330585/hex-a-copter-that-anyone-can-fly#project_faq_66206
@creator: can you open up combo quad & hex reward?
what's the max payload of the quad and hex?
@tom, thanks for backing! @denny, it really depends on the motors you use, but yes it sounds possible @drew, there is no perceptible delay @ben heller, yes extra parts will be available on our website.  motors will go for about $6. @ben, yes it is detachable. @tom mayor, even if we don't meet our stretch goal for that, we will work on developing that for later versions of hex.
can the bt module be replaced with a different module with serial communication with just 4 pins? (vcc, gnd, tx, rx)
ben. i'm pretty sure the wifi camera is detachable from what iv read so far. if the stretch goal isn't met, will a higher quality camera module be available at a later date? really hope you get to 500k!
not sure if this  has been asked before but is the wifi camera detactable??
here's hoping we hit 500k. i'd really like to get the cam-copter but would really prefer it to have the higher res to make it worth how heavy it will be. also, from the other comments i take it we will be able to order extra parts from your store once its up? i'm tempted to get one of the sets with extra motors just in case, but prefer the hex designs. also looking forward to designing some bodies to share on 3d print providers.
perhaps you missed my question earlier. i was wondering if there is any transmission delay with the wifi webcam module to the hex ios app? i know that when using the gopro app with their hero3 cameras, there is about a 3 second delay between the camera and the preview screen in the app.
@creator: thanks to know with hacking we can use bigger and more powerful motor, so my next question if i use bigger motors then the lift capability of quadcopter (4 propellers) could be increased too?? if it can then the quadcopter: will it lift wifi cameras/other video cameras?
is it going to be the same price if i order one after the kick start campaign
after much thought i just upgraded my pledge to the aerial photographer reward! can't wait!
@denny, hex is designed to work with brushed motors, but with some hacking you would be able to use larger, brushless ones.  and as alexander mentioned, using a larger battery is ok as long as it doesn't exceed the max payload of the copter. @chris, yes since the app will open source, you could modify it to control leds, etc. @nick, currently that is not a set we offer, and it is not possible for us to ship two rewards to a single backer.  but you will be able to buy a second hexacopter on our website soon after the kickstarter campaign. @the art factory, sounds like a nice use for the copter @joseph olano, batteries, motors and props are all add-ons which will be available for purchase on our website post-kickstarter.  if you have the quadcopter, it will not carry the wifi cam module because it is too heavy.  we are working on gps, whether it is available immediately after the kickstarter campaign depends somewhat on whether we meet that stretch goal.   no add-on board will be required. @johnathan and david, we have to stick to our listed rewards right now, but you will be able to purchase any combination of copters you want on our website after the kickstarter campaign ends
echo jonathan's comment - would like both 49$ and 69$ together, if possible. good luck!
i would like to get both a hex and quad copter but you can only get one or the other as far as kickstarter is concerned is there any way around this?
hi benjamin/hex team, i am a backer at the $49 level (quadcopter/outside us), can you confirm all add-ons ( batts, motors, camera, gps, etc ) are compatible with what i will get and those add-ons are available to purchase post-kickstarter? does it require an add-on board to use them? very much excited about this project...
can i just say this project is amazing, and i wish to feed stranger cats with your helicopters, far away...  my current cat found us, she literally adopted our family.. i wish i had a helicopter to feed stray animals.. that was so very sweet...   i very much appreciate this project..  thank you for making such a brilliant product that anonymous humans are able to feed stray animals with this.. before my cat adopted us, she  was truly homeless, and she suffered a lot..   it was hard for a cat to be homeless.. your helicopter would ameliorate this state of being.. that is a special mission for any helicopter...  caring for homeless cats.. omg, you are divine for doing this...  i love you...  period.. and my cat loves you.. her name is lucky.. my mom named her.. lucky cat..   special  helicopter... thank you.
bigger motors are brushless is what i meant in the comment below
@denny, the problem with upgrading to bigger motors is that they will probably be brushed and require some sort of esc to handle the power distribution. esc uses pwm signals to get information from the computer which is different  from the crude voltage up/voltage down that i am guessing that the hex is problably using right now. since the atmega32u4 has pwm capabilities it is only a matter of programming i guess.
how do i make it so i get two hex copters
@alexander: yesss.. then we can upgrade the battery ourselves, now what kind motor max for this hex board?? when we upgrade for powerful motors / bigger propellers / bigger battery.. then the max uplift capacity will be higher ( i think) and longer playtimes... (can someone prove this?)
@denny, the battery is just a plain 3.7v lipo, as long as you keep within the quad/hex lifting capabilities you would be good to go. the quad can lift 13g and the original battery weighs 10.6g, that leaves you with the possibility to upgrade to a (theoretical) battery weigh of 23.6g.
i'm sure that this could be done with some effort, but is there native support in the controller app to add a custom button?  for example, if you added an led spotlight on the hex it would be nifty to be able to remotely trigger it :)
@creator: on the front page, the hex board is hackable.. i want to ask about: can we upgrade/use more powerful brushless motor? what motor spec is the maximum?; and can we upgrade the battery ourselves? is it standart rc hobby battery?
@herbert, all those components are standard off the shelf products, easily obtainable. @brett, you should be able to do that, it wouldn't fry the motors or anything.  but i'm not sure how much extra flight time that would buy you.  might just be a couple minutes as the added capacity would be offset by the added weight.
can we buy the better battery for the hex and put that on a quadcopter? if so, how much more fly time could we get out of that?
as motors, propellers and batteries are discussed as spare parts - are those standard (generic) off the shelf products, readily available, or are those custom made parts for thew hex copters? it would ease the pressure to add spare parts with the initial order or as stretch goals a lot if you can get them easily anywhere.
@lohse, sorry for the late, we will release the footage with some good news for every backer in the next update, coming soon. @steve paul, thanks for your support, we will make sure that backers can select the shells before we ship the rewards. the code will be host on github. videos are coming soon.
thanks for such a great product - was happy to part with $159 for the hex :) can you confirm if we are able to select the body / frame that is shipped with the unit?, also any further with making the code available & more sample videos? cheers - steve.
@andreas, yes, intelligent control is a hard work, we will open source all the code and welcome interested developers to contribute. manipulator and wireless charging are killers, we hope we can bring it. @court, with the control app, you can both take photo and film video. @marc lantrok. thanks, that's a good idea.
@nick olosky, well the dimensions depend on the shell. for example, the hexacopter in the picture has 13 cm frame shaft distance, and 3.3 cm height. @alasdair allan, we will opensource the software and the bluetooth communication protocol. so you can control hex on other platforms.  @googlyhead, a hexacopter has a better battery and can carry more than a quad one. currently the quad and hex use different boards. @abduljalil, all the 3d files will be shared. you can find some of them here: https://www.shapeways.com/designer/hexairbot
thank you for creating such a great project. might be worthwhile considering a hard travel case option for people who would like to take their kit on their travels.
when can we expect to see the promised demo video of the webcam footage?
will we be able to take still photos with the camera or only video?
is there any transmission delay with the wifi webcam module to the hex ios app?
i love how you want to work on intelligent control. it's exactly what i wanted to play with once i get my hexacopter. complete autonomous navigation will be hard using just a normal smartphone camera, but with printed markers it should be possible to define way/landing points. please make the control software open source, so interested developers can contribute and improve it. maybe even before you release the copters itself since a lot of the computer vision work doesn't even require having the copter on hand. also, how about building a shell with some kind of manipulator as a strech goal? it would be so cool to have your hex flying autonomously to a certain spot, pick up something small and transport it somewhere. and as a last idea, how about wireless charging? that in combination with somewhat autonomous flight might enable the copter to work for a long time.
i was wondering if 3d files for the frame would be published?
hi. any chance of some breakdown of the differences between the quad and the full hex versions? from what i can tell, $20 gets you 2 extra motors ($6+$6), the associated props, different airframe and slightly larger battery. assuming an extra $1 value for each if these,  that's only worth an extra $16 (6+6+1+1+1+1) to us, and i may as well just get a basic quad (the mainboard works for either config?) and upgrade it! the focus seems to be on quadcopters, yet i was expecting more of a push to get the hex versions as that's the title of this campaign, and presumably the ultimate/ideal configuration.
you mentioned that hex is going to be using bluetooth le for comms. are you going to publish code examples (or an sdk?) not just for ios, but for other platforms like node.js ..? there's a lot of interest in copters in that community (e.g. nodecopter.com)..?
hi, can you tell us what the dimensions are of the hexacopter and quadcopter when they are fully put together?
@paolo,  when the batteries get low, the motors do not suddenly shut off, but rather they gradually lose power meaning there is little risk of a rough landing.  as of right now the spare motor for the $159 set is not a stretch goal, but spare motors will be sold on our website for $6 each after the kickstarter campaign ends @bernabap, in the settings you can make the on-screen joysticks transparent.  that's a very good idea about the ps3 controller, not something we had considered so far.  we will look into including that in future versions of the product! @the art factory, they could technically fly higher and higher until they got out of bluetooth range (50 m). @ masterle, at the moment we are only developing the app for android and iphone, but we will be offering a windows phone app for future versions, likely next year.
hello, it is possible that there is a windows phone 8 app on launch or only android/iphone?
this is so cool, how high can these amazing hex copters fly?   the highest, then deploy a balloon, and then a rocket... soon we can satellites for what ?  $50?   right on...    i love the way you delivered food to the sweet cat...very precious..  blessings
awesome project, waiting for paolo b and bernabap answers to their questions because i would like to know as well.
great project! as a backer of the $159 pledge i would like to suggest to make the android app compatible with the ps3 controller, so we can use via otg-cable with something like this: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:43977. would also be good to have an option to make the on screen joystick/buttons totally transparent.
hello, does the hex have a "auto-pilot" system for safe landing in case of low batteries? will you consider adding a spare motor set to the 159$ pledge as part of stretch goals? thank you
-renny, we will be releasing the code later on github.  we are considering adding an altimeter as part of a stretch goal or in a future version. -jian, hex uses brushed motors.  and at the moment there are no sensors directly in the motors.
does hex use brushless dc motors? are there any sensors (e.g. current, position) in the motors for controlling various status of the system?
hey are you guys able to publish a rough sketch of the coding of the copter? or is there anywhere i can get it from? and also is there a possibility for an altimeter? like sonar or laser altimeter. from the copters that i have worked on in the past, especially small ones, accelerometer and gyroscopes provide a good enough altitude reading. but a proper and accurate altitude reading would significantly improve the control of the copter. barometric are great for outdoors, but not so accurate indoors.
@alfred tang, all other things being equal, a 2 blade prop is more efficient.  3 props at high altitudes @keith rome,it works in access point mode. @alexander, thanks for the tip. @zzmadzz, the copter can so high that you can't see it with your eyes, but the control range is 50 meters.  @james, thanks james, we won't let you down. @brent sagnotti, actually kickstarter prohibits us from sending multiple rewards to a single backer. but we will send you quadcopter as a gift. @adam truncale, there is a charger included, and you can also charge the battery with the a usb cable. currently the quadcopter can't lift the wifi cam. @giligainisland, thanks for helping out answering questions  @david gennari, the camera can be removed and attached easily. the battery's voltage is 3.7v. we are looking for better batteries to provide a longer flight time.
i haven't done much with electric r/c (most of my experience is with gas planes)  so i've got a couple questions. i've backed the hex that comes with the camera. can the camera be removed from the copter to increase flight times? and along those lines, can another battery be used along with the one that comes with the copter (either in series or parallel)? also is there a limit to the voltage of the batteries that can be attached?   apologies if you've already answered these questions somewhere but i've read through all the comments but didn't see anything.
@adam: p.s. "with adapter" to charge the batt.
@adam: 4 days ago benjamin replied, a usb charger is incl. also, i doubt a camera add-on for the quad would be feasible as it has a 7min flight time currently unloaded. stretch goal(s) idea: have anything extra, but with a new backer level at a much later delivery date for that level to address any significant design change from original introductory design. larger motors and bigger battery and gps and...the bells and whistles of a roles royes but at a new level, dated and priced appropriately.
are there any plans for an add-on wifi camera for the quad copter?  is 17g the lightest you can get it?
is a charger included?
i just backed a 69 (hex) and added 49 (for a quad) so i want one of each. ks doesn't allow two options. hope this makes sense, hopefully can get these by xmas time, would be great gifts!! great job guys can't wait to print some shells in my other ks backed project! bigger battery and android app would be great!
great job gents!  keep it going!
may i know how high can the copter fly?
benjamin, considering that the battery is a lipo it might be a good idea to put that on the kickstarter-first page since lipo battery's requires a special charger and should be handled with care.
with the wifi support - is this going to be in access point mode (so we need to disconnect the phone from our normal wifi router), client mode (requiring a nearby access point), or wifi direct mode?
thanks ben, i love to see higher capacity battery and higher resolution wifi cam in the stretched goal. another question i have, do you know if there is any difference between 2-blade propeller vs. 3-blade propeller?
-alexander, the board has max of 26 io pins.  also has usb interface.  for more info see http://www.atmel.com/devices/atmega32u4.aspx….  the battery is 3.7 v lipo. -thomas, we are still discussing stretch goals but some possibilities include higher capacity battery, higher resolution wifi cam, and developing a windows phone version of the hex app -shane, add-ons will be available on our website after the kickstarter campaign ends -adrian, we are considering that exact thing for one of our stretch goals -ross, yes we are still anticipating on-time delivery -terry and james, battery capacity is an issue which people have frequently brought up, so we are working on it.  and many of the packages do come with spare propellers and/or motors.  those components will also be sold seperately on our website.
really excited by this - yeah i backed the $159 ! would love to see an extended battery ??? but seriously! this project looks uber great - i've never been this excited since my pebblewatch!
i think the stretch goals are $137,265 too late reallycome on ,,my list 1. higher battery capacity  2. propeller sets 3. spare motors thanks
given that the current backing has exceeded your original goal by ~15x, will you still be able to ship all units by 12/1? thanks.
i know weight is obviously an issue, but is there any chance you can use a 720p or 1080p camera on it rather than the lower res you are using? there are plenty of small and light suitable cameras out there... a stretch target at least? what do you think? thanks adrian
really awesome looking project guys. can't wait to get my hand on one of these, the neighbours cats are gonna hate it though. just one question, i really wanted a camera but didn't have the extra cash to back that tier, will i be able to purchase extra shells and add-ons once the project is up and running?
just hope the stretch goals aren't just some color changes.  would be nice to feel really 'honored' and have our wallets not 'stretch'.
what kind of battery is it? it only says 350mah in the info. what voltage and what battery type is it?
thank you very much benjamin, i think this little thing will be totally incredible. can't wait!
what kind of io does the main autopilot board have? i wonder mainly if a upgrade in hull size, with bigger motors and batteries is possible, since bigger motors would need to use an external esc.
@matthias: faq , 2nd point: "how much weight can hex carry? the quad copter can carry 12 g. the hexacopter can carry 30 g."
can you comment on the payload of the 4- and 6- prop models? just curious for later modifications....
can we see example footage recorded with the wi-fi-module?
-thomas, we will likely end up using backerkit or something similar especially since some of our packages give backers a choice of shells, etc -herbert and alfred, those are some solid ideas and i will bring them up with the rest of the team when discussing stretch goals.  alfred, many of our sets do come with spare motors and/or propellers.  in addition, we will sell these parts on our website soon after the kickstarter campaign.  most gps modules would be too much additional weight for hex to carry right now, but it is a priority in future versions that may have larger motors.  and great idea about emotiv insight! - matthias, increasing battery life is a possibility for a stretch goal or for a later version.  we do want to make sure that our stretch goals don't delay shipping. -victor, webcam is resolution 640 x 480 with a frame rate of 20-30 fps, and a transmission range of 30-50 m.  the webcam feed is real time.  we will be offering additional motors as add-ons available on our website -jarno, we do understand the need for a windows phone app and it will be a priority for future versions -good suggestion riva, that would be something fairly easy to implement. -demetrius, we use bluetooth 4.0 to communicate with the drone.  both the software of the hex app and the hardware is open source. -thanks everyone for the suggestions and support.
the protocol to communicate with drone is already done? will be open source ?
my suggestion is on the shell design. perhaps you might consider to combine the 3d printed shell with like 5mm foam board as propellers guard or landing skid, so they really can land in the pond. :d keep up the great work!!
@jarno: as far as i understand windows phone 8 doesn't support bluetooth 4.0 low energy yet, so they can't give you a windows phone app.. that said, since the protocols for hex are open, your windows phone developer friends will be able to do an app for hex once the core os support for the technology is in place.
also do a windows phone app (not just ios and android) and i will instantly upgrade my pledge level from the minimum $1 to get all updates to hex set or aerial photographer level without even blinking. if you want me on board, do windows phone. otherwise, you'll miss out on at least one backer. and i'm not the only one, as i know some of the people i know in the windows phone developer community (both in the netherlands and internationally) will probably also be backing this when windows phone support is there.
just backed at aerial photographer level. a couple of questions and suggestions: a) can you share characteristics of a web cam (resolution, fov, frame rate, etc)?  b) is the web cam feed realtime (i.e., can a copter be piloted by looking at your smartphone screen)? would be totally cool if it is... c) please consider an option for add-ons with spare motors; alternatively, please use standard motors/blades - something which could be easily purchased in a local hobby shop (for those who don't know, small high-rpm motors like the ones used on this copter have a very low expected life time - like 3-4 hours at most). d) same goes for batteries - if they aren't standard, please consider allowing us to get more right from the start. e) regarding the project as a whole: please start preparing for an estimated $500k-$700k result. as previous seriously over-funded projects show (i.e., pebble), project owners often underestimate what it takes to go from producing stuff in your garage to a full-blown commercial production of thousands of units. i've been waiting years for something like this to become available, please don't disappoint!
what an awesome idea guys. contrats on blowing away your goal!!  you guys also have made the #1 spot for top new crowdfunding projects of this last week:  http://crowdfundingforum.com/showthread.php/7275-hot-crowdfunded-projects-this-week-hex-piper-(aug-29th)
@ivan the $49 plege is for a quadcopter (4 motors), the $99 is a hexacopter (6 motors) plus all the spare motors and customized shells. the base hexacopter is $69.
@ivan kwok if you look closely you will see that you'll get spare motors and custom shell...!
very nice idea and project - glad that it got "funded" ;) some questions: are you planning to increase the battery life? that's the biggest problem of todays quads - a battery time around 10 minutes... which lipo connectors and motors do you plan to use? maybe of the shell components like the walkera connector and 7mm hollow cup motors? so spare parts would be easy to get. and please don't make streach goals which would delay the shipping of the great idea!
hi, it seems to me that the $99 pledge is just two times the $49 pledge, is there any reason why the $99 pledge is $1 more than two $49 pledge? thanks.
@benjamin, hi and congrats for exceeding your funding goal!! this is an awesome project where everyone will have fun playing it with their phone, design their own quadacopter shell using 3d printing, mix and match propeller and even motors!! the creativity is endless and addictive!! it simply rekindled my days when i played my tamiya car in the 90s. yes and i could see a lot of potential for hobbyist and even serious players here. hopefully there will be a few stretch goal to make this fund raising more exciting. here are my suggestions 1) provide more spare-parts (even 1 spare motor in case it fails) 2) upgrade wi-fi cam to wide-screen or higher-resolution (i.e: 720x480 up to hd!! :) ) yes it might drain lots of power!! i do not mind pay slight more for it. 3) having higher battery capacity (i think you have mentioned it earlier) some questions here 1) is it possible to purchase add-on via ks here by adding additional amount to the pledge? (i.e: purchase additional battery,propellers, motors , etc and deliver with the package together) 2) could it be compatible to emotiv insight? (http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/tanttle/emotiv-insight-optimize-your-brain-fitness-and-per) probably your team could build a mobile app to support emotive insight!! 3) possible to upgrade motor in future to allow carrying heavier load? 4) adding gps module? thanks for creating this awesome project and love to see more updates on the progress!! all the best!
suggestion for an early stretch goal: upgrade the standard shell to one with a basic propeller protection. this would benefit everyone as it reduces broken propellers on the first tryouts of the copter (wich leads to grounded hexcopters, waiting for spare parts) and therefore a better user experience.
benjamin, couldn't you bring in the backerkit into play as it is used in other projects? personally apart from the 'video-copter' i would tend to buy an additional basic quadcopter (or 2). this apparently is impossible now but could be done via the backerkit where you deposit a certain amount that can be split up later.
-chuck, the open source app used to control hex basically amounts to an sdk -paolo, the wifi camera module will transmit live images, which can then be recorded on the hex app.  gps is something we are considering for the stretch goals but we are not certain at this point.  it would be a great feature but there are issues like weight limitations we need to worry about. -wabuya, our plan is to ship on december 1st -miles, with the aerial photographer package you will receive a hexacopter with webcam, with which you can transmit live video to your phone.  then you can record or share the video via the hex app. -koch, as i mentioned we will ship in early december.
hey, great project guys! can you say me, on wich quarter you will start delivering? stay tuned! the best greets from austria (;
can you tell more about the photo pkg capabilities? i don't want to have unrealistic expectations
just to add on to paolo b's comment: can you please add  small gps to hex aerial photographer.i am sure a lot of current backers and potential backers would really like this feature. on a side note: are you unticipating early or late december for delivery? thank you.
hello, do you confirm that the hex aerial photographer set will transmit live images from the wifi camera while flying? any chances you will consider adding a small gps with stretch goals? thank you
congratz to hex you guys have killed it in getting funding.  looking forward to the hex - hexacopter.  are you guys planning any apis or sdks,  i would love to work with that to develop something for my nvidia shield - since it already has a built on controller.  not to mention other cool devices to hook up for bluetooth to do some neat automation control, etc
paul, we will definitely take that into consideration but before we offer any package we have to make sure it meets kickstarter guidelines.  and yes, if you have android 4.3 and bluetooth 4.0 you should be all set.
-zijing, yes the app will be open source. -herbert, we are in the process of considering stretch goals but have not firmly decided on any yet.  i also talked to the hardware side of the team and they will be posting more detailed information about the hardware shortly. -josh, we offer a number of custom shells including one with prop protectors. or you can even design your own and and get it from shapeways or 3d print it.
will there be any pledge packages that combine the $159 pledge and the $249 pledge? to become the $159 pledge with the 4 extra quadcopters & spare partsparts = $unknown price
will the nexus 4 with android 4.3 work this this bt 4.0 device?
is there any way to get a guard for the copter blades? it shouldn't be very difficult. i have the basic carrier set. i am worried about accidentally nicking things with the blades.
considering how this is going so far you will end up high up in the six figures, mybe even hit and pass the magical million - do you have any plans on how to improve you product with this kind of funding (e.g. "stretch goals")? it would be great to hear some specifics about the hardware (interfaces to arduino, raspberry, code sketches, ...) - i hope this will turn out a completely open source platform for cost effective mini-drones rather than a closed commercial product. you could be on to something big and sustainable here, opening the mass market for cheaper drone projects in the maker community. you would have to face the trade-off of "mee too" companies, mimicking your product without kickbacks to you, like the original arduino foundation does, but like them you would also have the unrivaled lead position in an rapidly growing market, far greater than with a closed product family. as long as you are the trendsetter and innovator, you will have a stable business - and many thousand enthusiastic and grateful customers.
would the control app be open source too?
michal, the bluetooth limits it to a range of 50 m realistically.
how far will the range cover? how far away must the copter be to lose signal or not respond to commands?
ricardo, we will include a usb charger with adapter in the package,
do we need special hardware to charge those batteries ? awesome project btw
sorry,  that feature is only available in the $159 aerial photographer set.
is it possible to record videos through control app with the $49 set?
joseph, yes, there will be pads for unused dio pins.
are any unused pins on the controller board accessible such as with a location to place a header for an unused dio pin.
peter, the resolution would be 640 x 480. jean-louis, we don't offer a gps option at this time but we plan to develop that for later versions. thott, i'm not really the hardware guy in the team, but i know it is designed to be hackable.  i know the autopilot system is designed to be usable in all kinds of vehicles and you could probably use it in a larger version of the helicopter fairly easily.
how hard would it be to use this controller and equipment for a bigger version with larger motors, speed controllers and frames? are there any easy ways to hook the stronger components in with or without soldering?
will there be a gps option?
what is the resolution of the wi-fi webcam module when capturing the footage with the free hex app? is it full hd?
thanks for your interest paolo, yes, the $159 set includes everything you would find in the basic kit as well as a webcam module and spare propellers.  the $249 kit includes a standard hexacopter and 4 different quadcopters each with a custom shell.  the $49 quadcopters have the standard shell.
hello, great project! can you please clarify these two pledges: 159$: will the set include everything to have the hex and webcam kit ready to go and video streaming including batteries and the whole hex shell? 249$: with this include one hexacopter and four quadcopter as having one 69$ pledge and four 49$? thank you,  paolo
nicklas, we are considering that and you may see that on our website later on. peter, yes the free hex app can record and share footage from the wifi module.
leo, we have to stick to the listed rewards right now, but there is the possibility a package like that could be offered on our website after the kickstarter campaign concludes.  similarly, jose, we are planning on selling the controller board separately on our website later on.
denny, in answer to your questions: 1.  unfortunately we have to stick to the rewards listed on kickstarter right now.  however in the future we may be offering a package like that. 2.  a larger battery could work, as long as it is under 500ma, 60x17x8 mm and under 14g.   3.  those 3d shell files will be available on http://www.shapeways.com/shops/hexairbot 4.  wifi is faster and more suitable for video 5.  actually the flight times are the same, the hexcopter uses a slightly larger battery.
ross and terry, we are starting to consider stretch goals, but our fundraising is only in its second day at this point so that process is just beginning.
jim, sorry about the delay in answering your questions.  the angle of the wifi camera is fixed.  the battery takes about 30 minutes to charge for the helicopter.  the wifi camera charges separately and takes about 15 minutes to charge.  in regards to your previous question, when hex goes out of range, the throttle will be set to a failsafe value and the motors will shut-down after a few seconds.
is it possible to record the video-footage from the wi-fi webcam-module?
will you guys offer a way of buying the wifi-cam module separately later, to attach to the hexacopter?
any stretch goals ?
this is going to be the best xmas present ever!!!
great project, are you going to sell the controller board on it's own too? @denny bluetooth, especially the low energy type, is too slow for video.
very excited with this project! can i suggest/request a $199 pledge tier that includes hex aerial copter + basic quad copter?
great job guys!  these will be really fun for winter/indoor flying time coming soon!  just pledged to support you and will be in touch with you to setup a canadian distribution deal here with  canadadrones
i just backed for competitive set two hex.. need answer for several questions: 1. can i get the case 1 for quadcopter and 1 for hexacopter for competitive set? 2. can hex electronic handle more powerful motors and bigger battery, what is the max? 3. i assume hex case 3d files will be availabe for us to print? 4. why not using bluetooth channel too for camera, a bt4.0 camera? 5. flight is around 7 minute for quadcopter, i assume for hexacopter is alot less? thank you and congratulation for very fast meeting your goal..
great job meeting your goal so fast! have you considered having stretch goals?
is the wi-fi webcam angle fixed or adjustable (either manually or remotely)? also how long to recharge a dead battery?
love it! backed. thank you! have to ask, why the small avr core vs. an arm core? cortex m4f can handle automatic pid tuning making quick change of air frames possible without having to completely retune and re-flash.
thanks so much to our backers for helping us meet our goal already!  you guys are awesome and we really appreciate your support.
wow...met the goal already...congrats!!
hi patrick, the quadcopter can carry 12 g while the hexcopter can carry 30g.
benjamin,  do you happen to about what the carrying weight limits are for both the quad and hex-copters?
jim, i believe that will be a feature by the time we ship, i'll need to confirm that with some other team members and get back to you.  the bluetooth range goes up to 100 m so for a small copter like this the range issue generally shouldn't be a problem.
is this copter smart enough not to fly outside of bluetooth range?  otherwise i'm hoping it's at least smart enough to make a soft landing.
hi wesley, it has a flight time of about 7 minutes
what's the battery life?
great idea terry, hex is all about finding creative uses like that for the copter.
hi james, the quadcopter does not support the weight of the wifi camera at the moment but we are still trying to come up with smaller and lighter wifi cameras. at the moment a camera is only an add-on for the hexacopter set.  the fpv camera add-on in the hex spy set is small and light enough for the quadcopter to support.
maybe this would work.. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/254449872/pixy-cmucam5-a-fast-easy-to-use-vision-sensor
how confident are you in the your delivery schedule?  would make a great christmas present.  will the quad copter support the weight of the camera?  will the camera be offered as an add on?
sorry just seen the parts list on the home page sorry again
hi joshua,  the early backer version has everything you need! and yes, the android version will be available by the time you receive the copter.  thanks for your support!
hi will there be a android version of the control app? can you put up the list of parts you get,,,, and need to get the quadcopter flying thanks
this looks pretty great! i assume that (1) the early backer version has everything i would need for a basic quadcopter, and (2) there will be an android version of the control app? thanks!
