so great about the nyer! looking forward to getting my copy! xo
we received our copies of all black cats yesterday and can't believe how beautiful they are! all the abc portraits are wonderful, though of course we are partial to our sweet darkness. we will treasure the books and the print, and thank you so much for celebrating abcs in all their lovely quirkiness. let us know if you ever decide to create a book featuring awcs (all white cats) - our two awcs are very jealous that their sister is now a celebrity.
peter and amy -  thank you!  thank you for taking your abc idea and making it a reality.  last night we (roxy, jenny an i) got together and opened our new book.  we tried to go page by page but our curiosity got the best of us and we skipped to page 106 - roxy's pages.  peter, you absolutely nailed it!  our roxy in print.  a perfect portrait that truly captured our abc. reviewing the beautiful pages of the book was only the beginning for us though.  we had supported the project at the level that provide us with an individual sketch of the animal of our choice.  we chose to stick with roxy and peter did not disappoint!  it is truly amazing how he was able to capture roxy's personality, her little flat face, her whisker...and now we have a wonderful piece of art that we can cherish for years.  this is some of the best money we could have invested in a kickstarter project and if studio goldsparkle produces another project, please count me in!  all the best!  johnathan smith
got my copies today and love the book.  spencer also expressed great pleasure at seeing himself in this beautiful book.  he always felt that he should be shared with the world and at last, it has been done by you, studio goldsparkle.  spencer relays thanks and sends you kisses!  he scanned the whole book and was happy to see that all pages were full of abc lives so worthy of sharing with the world.  a magnificent work of art!
attention, backers at the $88 level - signed book + signed print:  (jeff h, thank you for asking an excellent question.) this reward tier is a bit of a complicated one, quite a few subsets within...and accordingly, a bit of a limitation with the system on the back end, as ks doesn't allow for distinctions, only one survey per reward tier. at the same time we're so eager to get books out to y'all that we didn't want to risk holding it up as each of you selects from 50 cats to find the one you most want to take home. these are tough decisions. we've been there at the shelters... so, here goes. if it's still complicated/confusing, please drop us an email and we can talk you through. for $88 tier backers, three options for your print: - if you have a known relationship with one of the 50 abcs included in the book, remind us which, and that's your print. - if you don't personally know any of these 50 abcs—all the same, all cute to you—say so, and we will thank you and send you a signed mimi goldsparkle. by us, not her. - if you don't personally know any of these 50 abcs and you'd like to wait to see and consider them all before choosing, please let us know to send you the book without the print. then you can follow up with us once you've made a decision from the 50 abcs, and we'll send you the print separately.  really up to you, whether you think life has enough decisions already, or whether you think the more decisions about cats, the better. thanks!
i am so looking forward to my book with all those wonderful black cats!
hi patricia. you are not alone in this. none of us have books yet...including us! please see the latest project update, and sorry if there's any confusion. we are expecting our printer to ship us the books in october, at which point we'll send them your way. counting the days. and of course, any books backers order at allblackcats.com are in addition to the ones you already have coming via your original kickstarter pledges. thanks for asking. yours, amy (and peter)
i have not gotten my book yet? i pledged $45 and that stated i would get a book?
abc creators!!!! what sheer joy to receive our very harry harry avatar this weekend. studio goldsparkle rendered our little guy's personality better than we could ever have explained or expected. i am impressed how much you two are committed and on it, and cannot wait for your book to be in our hands. one million smiles and thanks!
so happy to have received the avatar reward featuring my dearly departed wafu (an all white cat). this project has far exceeded my expectations, from the amusing updates on the project's logistics, sweet stories and photos of the nominee cats, and general musings on how cats - all black and otherwise - have infiltrated our lives.  keep up the good work!
this is by far the most enjoyable kickstarter project i have ever backed— the updates are absolutely amazing. have you thought about founding an abc journal? the all black cat quarterly or the abc review?
i would like to nominate my black cat called minton, he is a lot of trouble and always eats my shuttle cocks... 'bad-minton' here is a photo https://carousel.dropbox.com/photos/cc/fqlcxsfls2jqwfu
i should like to humbly nominate my precious kittehs: chopper, pyewackett and baby elmo. all from the same litter, chops and pye are a little pudgy, but baby elmo who was the runt of litter has met any kibble or gooshy food he didn't devour wholeheartedly and in it's entirety.  as a result, he's probably pushing 25lbs.  we nicknamed him "catgore"...
please allow me to nominate my handsome abc sambuca. headshots and portfolio available upon request...
i hope this is the right place to nominate my cat for inclusion in abc.  she is lovey.   lovey is 3 years old and came to me with her 5 siblings as a feral whose  mother was killed by a coyote.  at age one she was diagnosed with cardiac myopathy and at three, just two months ago, with diabetes.  her vet agrees with me that she is the ultimate trooper.  her three medications and shot twice a day doesn't seem to slow her down at all.  she plays with the others and has an outgoing and loving nature.  she is a very special cat and i hope that she will win a place in the book.
when i pledged i missed nominating at that time. i'd like to nominate my abc kitkat
btw, will we get a separate message to send photos of our abc's so you will have something to sketch from?  thanks.  roxy's treat supplier.
i pledge and need to nominate our abc roxy
i am nominating abc tug.
i want to nominate my two black cats; my girl wednesday and my boy pugsley adams. although not biological siblings they are still siblings as i've had them both since they were kittens together.
add abc sinone, aka princess to the nominations please!
i left a comment and nomination on project update #13, which seems to be a different page (with 7 other comments/nominations on it). hope you receive it!
i'd like to nominate my abc doyle!
do we send the note here for our abc or privately. if privately how?
i am so excited to get the boooook! eeeeee
yes! we are so excited for this book! black cats rule! we nominate the original black modkat sashi!
congrats!!! xoxo
meow to the wow!!!!
this project is incredible! i want to reach out and pet peter arkle’s drawings. my husband and i can’t wait to see the book. it means a lot to us since our beloved and slightly bipolar cat is no longer with us. now we can have her immortalized in a book – both in looks and personality.
i just pledged and also did not see a place to indicate i have an abc to nominate. i definitely do! so excited to see the finished product.
seconding janette's comment: anyone who pledges from $24 to $249 gets to nominate an abc ($250 and up are guaranteed places). as soon as we're fully funded and know exactly how many spaces of the 50 to fill, all that, we'll circle back to each and every one of you for proper info on your nominee, including the photo reference peter needs to draw from.
fyi to everyone who was curious-- everyone who donates above the $26 timepoint (and under 249) can nominate a cat. nominations will take place after. sorry for the delay amy and peter. kickstarter went offline.
if every backer threw in four more dollars, the project would be completely funded. have you posted this project to your fb?
i don't see a way to indicate i'd like to nominate an abc. i assume that may be a post-funding thing. but just to be clear i totally want to nominate a cat.  steve (steven stevilmeyer iii, aka pete, steebullah, and "what was that sound?").
yes, do $32 pledges get to nominate an abc? and how do we nominate the abc?
would you please clarify the pledge levels at $24 & $32? if i pledge at $24 i get to nominate an abc, but i don't get a book? if i pledge at $32 i get a book but do i get to nominate an abc? curious abc's want to know!
thanks for the awesome valentines cards.  what a cool idea.
i just added multiples to my pledge (as it says in the faqs).  best gift ever!  :)
do backers at the $24 level receive a copy of the book as well? how/when can we know if our nominated cat is going to be included in the book?
super cute book! i have a black cat and he is amazing and loving, yet judgemental... i totes understand! good luck on making your goal, as i would love to have this cute book!
