still using this and it works great! probably one of the best kickstarter projects i've backed :) makes the best eggs, chicken and ribs
hi kickstarter backers, thank you for your support and encouragement throughout the past two years! sansaire would not be running without you. if you have questions or commentary for us, please email to info@sansaire.com. we no longer use the kickstarter page, and we want to make sure you are able to reach us so we can respond promptly. please don't hesitate to reach out, and your feedback is always welcome! thank you, rachael sherman sansaire customer care
i have ordered two more sansaires almost two months ago now and have not heard anything. i have paid in full through paypal and have also sent several emails. does anyone know if the company is having problems? or if it still operates? i would appreciate all feedback. many thanks, helene
mine has continued to work flawlessly. i use it quite a lot but now it is my second machine. my main machine is controllable through my smart phone and is a bit smaller so it gets used more often. i still love my sandaire.
anyone else getting dead pixels on their lcd display?
info@sansaire.com won't respond to my email, it's been two weeks now. i don't have a second thermometer to test but when i set my sansaire to 132°f the readout says ~165°f fluctuating up and down by 10°f. the target button shows 132°f correctly. it certainly doesn't feel like 165°f and i checked the offset setting, it's at 0. i have another hour before i see the results, but i'm confused. the container is a cheap styrofoam walmart cooler with about two gallons of water, which the same setup i usually use. this is however the first time using my replacement sansaire i received from you guys from awhile ago so i don't know this unit has ever worked correctly. advice? i've attached two pictures which can also be found here: http://imgur.com/a/muxeh
@dr how did support do? mine just stopped working a couple of weeks ago and support responded immediately and said please try the reset button. i tried the reset button and it stuck...and i have emailed them twice and have not heard back.
i do want to say how much of a pleasure it has been to use my sansaire. i'm not sure if these comments are still being monitored, but thank you for making this a reality!
looks like mine is having issues now. i've used it quite a bit and results were always superb. noticed it was not keeping temperature at all (temperature was out by 30+ degrees) let's see how well they stand behind their warranty now. :)
update, after many many great meals - this may be the best $200 i have ever spent.
i have had my sansaire sous vide circulator for a couple of months now and have cooked, pork loins, clams, steaks, fish, shrimp and tonight alligator. thanks...and now i need to get another so i can cook more dishes at the same time. todd
nick, i'd recommend emailing info@sansaire.com as i believe the unit does come with a 1 year warranty.
after using my sansaire for several months (love it!) it seems to have broken.  when i turn it on, it does pump water and seems to heat it as well, but the lcd display is completely blank no matter what i do.  i have no way to adjust the temperature. any ideas?  can i get a replacement?  i really love this thing and hope i just got a bad unit and am not "out of luck" (and $200) here.
i hope you guys see anova is out with version two of their sous vide circulator and its way cheaper than before backed two for 229 bucks bluetooth and all new bells and whistles https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/anova/anova-precision-cooker-cook-sous-vide-with-your-ip
what issue is that monica luppi?
just for a bit of good info...i have used my sansaire around 10 times now and it work wonderful.
i have had same exact issue as @david vo. so disappointed!
i have noticed recently some small rusting spots on the heating element.  which is an even worst issue than the mesh plate. i am going to be emailing info@sansaire.com to find out what they suggest be done about it. not sure how it would be a health concern as long as your bags are properly sealed, you will be ok
i've noticed some small rusting spots on the mesh metal plate on bottom.  would this eventually get bad enough to be a health concern?
i used it successfully just two weeks ago, and started a batch earlier tonight. sometime in the past two hours of normal operation, the display went blank and the motor shut off. unpluging and replugging will not work, pressing the reset button on the back will not work. it is not the house circuit breaker because i've tried plugging it into other (working) outlets. please help!
has there been a resolution to the sticking reset button?  just realized mine was pushed and is now stuck.
i just went to the sansaire.com site, and see they are now shipping units from sur la table. have ordered my 2nd unit, and will refer my friends there. thanks, question answered.
when can we order more? i had originally ordered 2 then had wet feet! have used the sansaire over a 2 dozen times (chicken, eggs, steak, pork, veggies, hollandaise sauce) at it has worked perfectly every time . i have multiple dinner guests that want one, and i want another. any idea when we can order again?
should not everyone get a towel? i did not get a towel with my sansaire.
imagine: this guy on twitter was saying that the sansaire ruined his drumsticks and eggs... so when i pressed him on it... he revealed that water got into the bag and also that the water evaporated out of the container that he was using.  oh, people are amazing.  and this is no april fool's joke.
superb ox cheeks today at 81c for 8h -  were on reduced offer at waitrose for only £2.98/kg! mushroom and bacon to finish the sauce. thanks scott for making this dream device!
just got mine today her in arabia. i'll try it tonight. i hope it goes well. thank you scott and for your awesome team.
received mine in the uk last week but had a faulty reset button, but have to say the customer service has been exceptional and sorted it out quickly. thank you sansaire team
i am quite disappointed that my sansaire crapped out on my already.  it was acting weird today when i turned it on (no current temp display was showing but it let me set a temp).  it worked for a minute and then turned off.  it is not turning on now.  can you please help?  i have a catering order this saturday and i am freaking out.
received mine a couple weeks ago. works great. impressions 1. the choice in plastic is a bit cheap feeling, but then it is *only* $199. 2. temperature knob is a little bit fiddly but ok 3. noise from the pump is low and not the least bothersome
mine came a week ago to stockholm!! it works absolutely fab!! made duck at 59.5c an it was perfect and some fish! love it
hi! i just (finally, but worth the wait) received my sansaire and it has a fault. in the middle of the display the led-indicators are all dead. like a straight line of one row pixel from left to right. it make it a bit trickier to read. just a little addon-tip. when you reach the preferred temperature the sansaire should beep or something. the indicator lines should have a slightly different color or perhaps make em go around all they way in just a grey tone. would be easier to see. now i'm gonna try 62,5 c eggs for 50 min and see if it works. regards  magnus lindén
thanks scott! greetings from singapore! sansaire received on 2 feb 2014 and ever since then, i've tried  it 3 times; once to cook a batch of eggs (turned out perfectly), twice to cook batches of chuck tenders (turned out perfect as well). everything works as i thought it should. the only problem i encountered was the whirling sound when the machine is in a certain orientation (i guess when its non-level). slight adjustments made will make the sound go away. the sansaire brings the water up to target temperature very quickly with the 1000w heater. all in all, sansaire is a stylist, simple device that works! hope it stays that way for years to come!
i see a lot of people complaining about noise. is there a benchmark to see if the noise is "within normal" or if it is a defective unit?
put more water in it and see how that goes, steven.  that might quell the noise a bit.
i finally received a working unit after getting a defective unit and have one lost to shipping. works great, and have been surprised at how fast it gets to temperature. i am a bit worried about the noise though. it makes an audible slow pulsing noise that is somewhat higher pitched. it seems to be related to heating turning off and on since it only makes it when trying to maintain temp, not went initially establishing temperature. has anyone had this issue? could it be louder because i am just using a large metal pot at this point?
i still haven't received mine and have been waiting for a response since it was sent back in error. :(
that's a good suggestion vernon lam
great product!    only cooked some fillet steak so far with it but it was the probably the best cooked steak i've ever had. the temperature control is very good and keeps the water temp very consistent. thanks scott
having used my circulator a couple times already, i wish that there was a button to lock the set temperature.  i find it too sensitive and have bumped the knob only to have it adjust the temperature.  food for thought!
just got it and it seems to be running fine and accurate according to my thermometer. i did not find too difficult placing the back panel honestly. the machine was heavier than i had thought, but as wide diameter as i expected, which is good, since it fits smaller boxes than i had thought, which will save me energy. the setting of the temperature doesn't need much fiddling to tune and about the noise, it is not disturbing for me by any means. i have seen and heard much noisier fish tanks. so,  unless anything breaks, so far so good. as for the delivery, those in spain should know that even if tnt is the carrier through europe, tntpost packages are not handled by them here. they use mrw as service here. so t.n.t. spain will not be able to track your packages and the tracking no. is different for mrw. just call mrw and tell them your address instead ;-)
got mine yesterday. works great. thank you @scott heimendinger & co.
just received notice that my sansaire has arrived norway!  can't wait to get my hands on it!!!
just got mine in poland - so far so good, though i haven't tested the reset button yet. mine's not very noisy - mostly some water splashing; came with the back panel properly installed. what surprised me that with the 67c eggs there was still some degree of runnyness to the whites - i was expecting something like in the video (the yolk was nicely custardy). i guess i need to experiment with bumping up the temperature for a few minutes.
i recieved my sansaire yesterday. it was not working. the reset button was stuck and the sansaire couldn't regulate the temperature correctly. my chefalarm and thermapen measured the temp at 70 degrees and constantly rising while the sansaire said that the temp was constant at 42 degrees. the target temp was set at 54. i've contacted info@sansaire.com and got an answer quickly. they are sending me a new unit asap. i really hope that the new one is working!
@scott heimendinger, @peter. happy time = zero. from italy. i just received my sansaire yesterday (3/18) and i wanted to try it today for a good steak on father's day. not at all. when the unit is powered it's stuck in reset mode, no other key works. the back reset button is recessed inside of the unit and cannot be pressed. so nothing works. this is a doa unit. is there some policy to replace/repair it?
@markus alvarsson  lol. mine was at 65c on asparagus.  i think a lot of eggs were eaten in sweden last night. water inlet seems too restricted as cavitation occurs (noisy bubbles) unless i lean the unit a bit to increase the gap at the bottom.  pump is also needlessly strong.  clip seems cheap.
to other european backers, i just got this in my inbox, so that might explain why some of you havent received your unit or a shipping notice: -------- our warehouse in uk misplaced a portion of the inventory we delivered to them. it took several days for us to discover the discrepancy, but we’ve since taken steps to address the problem. a team at the warehouse is recounting all of our inventory and locating the missing cases. when they find the missing units they will update the inventory system and begin sending out your orders immediately. since the warehouse is large, this may take several more days. ----------
i received my unit yesterday and was initially very happy. however, the happy times soon ended: it seems that my unit has a factory error that is identical to many other people: my reset button could only be used once. it is now stuck inside the chassis and won't pop out again. does anyone know how i can replace my unit to a functioning one?
i have had mine here in the us for a few weeks. getting the back seated was a bit of a challenge initially, but it is fine now. this is a second unit for me (have a polyscience older unit that looks like a piece of lab equipment). it works quite well and enjoy have 2 units so i can do meat/fish in one and veggies in another. well done overall!
got mine too. happy with it overall. my only slight issue is that the pump is strong enough that there is a constant trickle noise from the splashing (it stops if i put my hand close to the outlet). the motor otherwise is not too loud, although audible. ideally i'd face the outlet towards the container wall, but it's not possible, not sure if people have other suggestions?
sweden got it! eggs on the way. 67c for 45min will be my first test. mums!
i received mine today. sadly, i believe i've received a faulty one. a large number of diodes aren't working and the pump is extremely noisy.
*package*
@luis i wasn't home when the delivery attempt was made, but they left a delivery notice in my mailbox, which had a tracking number (kollinummer) from the post office. it was searchable on posten.se. the notice itself also contained information on where the packade had been delivered (a depot).
i received mine in sweden today in the afternoon, delivered to my doorstep. first testdrive very nice i'm impressed.
@erik i got mine today (in sweden). oh, and: yay! it works very well. only made a couple of eggs so far, but they came out beautifully. well worth the wait.
@erik mine is supposedly out for delivery today, but they don't have my door codes, and i can't find a phone number to call, so who knows what will happen. also, the post office doesn't recognize the tnt tracking number, so i'll see what the website says tonight/tomorrow.
anyone in sweden heard anything? i'm unable to track my parcel.
@griffin, good to know, thanks!
just wanted to say i've got my pre-order sansaire here in the uk (thanks for sorting out my kickstarter order scot :) ) and i'm loving it! so simple to use - it just works :). i read the seriouseats.com sous-vide circulator comparison and was a little worried that the dial would be too sensitive, but have no problems with it at all. works exactly as i expected/wanted and is easy to get to the exact temp i need. just cooking some sous-vide eggs, and planning on cooking steak tomorrow - love my sansaire!
got my sansaire the other day. looking good so far. excited to take it for a test run.
two machines received at this point... both broken!!! so my first machine showed up back february when they hit the states here. it was a dud, the water heated up but did not circulate. so i followed the advice and sent in an email to their support group and they told me they would get a new one out to me in two days... two weeks later i still hadn't heard anything. so i email again and they say their was a mix-up but they have straightened it out and i should get the replacement machine soon. a few days later it shows up; i'm super excited at this point! i plug it in and see the water circulating so i start thinking my problems are over... but then i realize after about 20 minutes of fiddling with it that the heating element is broken. 2 for 2 duds!!! i want to cry at this point.
@björn, i live in sweden and can successfully track my parcel at tntpost.com. package is already in sweden and will be delivered on monday.
@coen - wow, seriously something went wrong with your delivery. i got mine in hk after the cny holidays but it was shipped to my office since someone is around to take the package during office hours.
not that worried yet, but i do hope the tracking link in the shipment confirmation mail dated the 12th (three days ago) start working soon. so far its just ending up at a dutch page at tntpost.com telling me (according to google translate) that the barcode isn't correct. this for shipment to sweden. any swedes here at the forum that have had tracking success?
what i just have forgotten to write: maybe it's just me but when i turn something clockwise u always expect something to fasten (like a screw) or go to advance in time (like a clock) again it's something that i will get used to but maybe you can tweak this in the future about the heating and staying on temperature i can only say well done. you cam be proud of yourself
another received sansaire in belgium. first off, congrats and know i'm happy. i hope you see the following as kind advice to become successful in a retail environment.  -drop the towel, it screams cheap chinese crap work on the box, mine had very bad print, the white sticker on top was nit neatly taped. it again gives a feeling that your dealing with it a knockoff or cheap crap, packaging is everything -in that regard u would also point out that if you can go for another type of paper for the manual and the type of plastic for the supports inside. the sole reason is the experience for the customer. this is maybe not so necessary since they already bought it but a good experience helps to spread the word and is the easiest and cheapest form of advertisement. -since you have a lot of white space make a very simple graphic storyline how easy it is to cook with it for people that don't know what sousvide is. together with a text of easy (stress easy) recipes inside and put a nice small booklet inside (folded a5) with some nice photos. i strongly believe these are necessary to become successful in a retail environment (at least in europe) on the "technical" side -i believe you need to tweak the back panel, it doesn't give a solid impression and gives a feeling of not proper engineering and construction -drop the tape and make sure the panel arrives on the machine - choose a little more solid version of the bottom aluminium grate. i can imagine it will now and then get bend during the dishes with people that do them by hand. is also to avoid the feeling of having bought a cheap item (by now they realize it no crap because the machine feels sturdy) -i agree with an earlier poster that the markings are not easy to see in a filled container. - the way the dial works is very smooth but it's a bit fiddly to have the correct temperature from the first time, maybe that feeling changes with use but again, i'm a happy backer, the above is simply friendly advice to become as successful as possible. congrats aike
i received my sansaire today (belgium). the first steak is cooking as of this moment and can't wait to see the result. i'm actually quite impressed with the user interface: very simple. the big dial allows for very accurate temperature setting. it could be just a little less sensitive, but that's me nitpicking. i did a quick test run this afternoon, and it holds the water temperature *very* stable, to within 0.2 - 0.3 degrees celsius of my thermapen readings. so overall, a very good first impression...
i have enjoyed probably the best burger ever!  85/15 ground beef, formed into patties, seasoned with salt, black pepper and thinly sliced shallot, packed individually in quart zip-loc bags along with a bamboo skewer to keep bags vertical in the water bath, 135f at 40 minutes, unbagged, seasoned a second time with salt and black papper,then seared in butter in a cast iron skillet.  heaven!  as an experiment, i cooked four patties and froze half without de-bagging.  reheated frozen patties at 135f, then finished like the others.  still juicy and delicious!  amazing!  thanks, scott, for bringing an affordable sous vide option to the home cook.
scott, i have sent you emails on kickstarter. you did not reply. i have sent 7 emails to info@sansaire.com, first on 20 february (15 days after your notice email saying that all products for asia has shipped), asking where my product was and someone replied asking whether i want to product still to be shipped or be refunded. i replied asking for the product still to be shipped to me. on the 9th of march (more than one month after your product has shipped and i still have not received my product), i asked for a full refund. no one replied. i sent emails again on the 11th, 12th and 14th of march, only again to receive no replies from you. i want an immediate refund and a reply from you personally within 24 hours.
thanks scott greatly appreciated!
no shipping notice yet:-( many of my fellow europeans has received their shipping notice.  i envy them... it´s my 40th birthday next tuesday. this would make the perfect birthday present!!
@john, @david - just sent you mail. @peter, @unai watch out for food-grade!  unfortunately, food grade floating balls tend to be wickedly expensive :-( @dorian @hector yeah... we're not thrilled with the shrinkage on the towel either.  we hope to find a better fabric and printing method next time around. @yvan - 30 mins at 50c is definitely cooked (safe to eat), but 50c is a much lower temperature than most folks are accustomed to eating white fish. if you prefer it firmer and flakier, feel free to bump up the temperature. it's all about personal taste! @hector - perhaps we need to do a crochet version!
indeed, the towel is for framing or pinning against a wall :-p
yikes. tilapia. 2 filets. a little olive oil, salt, pepper. separate zip bags @ 50 c. - uncooked after 30 minutes. ?
love my sansaire....but the towel.... don't wash and dry it!  shrinks 30% and all text becomes entirely illegible.
omg i love it ! everyone at work want one =)
received my circulator and confirmed that it powers on.  i had tape on the back panel of mine, but easily removed it and wiped away the residue that it left.  without looking at how the back panel was held in place first, i removed it and had difficulty putting it back in place.  the video in the update helped immensely and gave me peace of mind.  i hope to make some poached eggs this weekend as a test.
scott - still no news on my uk kickstarter order :(
@peter, did you notice those are made of polystyrene? this plastic stops being rigid and gets soft at around 90ºc: http://www.plasticballs.com/polystyr.htm pp balls from the same manufacturer say 99ºc heat deflectioni point, although maximum recommended temperature is 82ºc. they do have other plastics that can do 210ºc and fda approved
depending on how many you need i think amazon (or a local sporting goods store) would have you covered (look for practice balls since they are way cheaper than competition grade ones). if you want smaller spheres that are quite cheep i guess you could get styrofoam ones in different sizes. 72 table tennis balls (40mm) for £8.79: http://www.amazon.co.uk/plain-white-table-tennis-balls/dp/b0037enzd0/ref=sr_1_9… 50 styrofoam (40mm) balls for £3.29: http://www.amazon.co.uk/30mm-polystyrene-spheres-balls-pack/dp/b00185fgo6/ref=pd_bxgy_sg_text_y
thanks for the update scott. checked my spam folders but still no sign of the dispatch confirmation for my kickstarter model :(. hopefully i'll have at least one sansaire to play with by the weekend however! :) has anyone found a good source of ping-pong balls (or similar) within the eu/uk?
hi all, as you've gathered, we're shipping in europe!  if you haven't already, you should receive your shipping notice in the next day or so. @john, @tim, @kris - the kickstarter shipments were all processed before pre-order shipments, but they were done in a bulk process.  as a result, the corresponding shipping email notices were delayed going out.  also, check spam folders, as your email client may have flagged it as a duplicate message if you also had a pre-order. @max - we'll shoot you a note back via email. all units are tested for temperature calibration at the factory, and should be dry before packing, but we've gotten one other complaint of discoloration on the coils. in his case, it wiped right off. @richard, if you encounter any issues, please shoot us a note at info@sansaire.com. @akshay [[spellcheck shame]].  we're going to campaign the oxford english dictionary to make the correction on their end :-)
anyone else with display problem/reset who received green led in canada?
not a huge dealbreaker, but the towel says "talapia" not "tilapia".
got my notice for germany :-)
aerrrmm,... yes, that sounds like a bit ጁሚሆመሊ ;-)
considering the tracking number in the link in my mail contains an apostrophe and four backspace characters i'd be very impressed if it works...  :)
amazing, less than 4 hours after i wrote that, i get a shipping notice. woohoo!
i've got my notice (in sweden), and the tracking number works, but it may vary parcel to parcel. eta is 18-19th.
@peter, check your e-mail:  "please allow 24-48 hours for the tracking number to be recognized on the carrier website"
just got my shipping notice for sweden, too bad the tracking number in the supplied link looks completely mangled...
no sign of my uk kickstarter order delivery notice
@scott - i sent a question to info@sansaire.com on saturday about rust on my unit in multiple places. i have no received a response. could you please have someone get in touch with me about this?
it's been a week since customs cleared in the uk. do you have any idea of when units will begin to ship to the rest of the eu?
i can't imagine it's a planned move to ship preorders before kickstarter backers. i'm just pleased uk/eu orders are shipping, it seems like ages since we heard about the shipment being due to arrive in customs.
you've sent out website preorders before the kickstarter uk orders are out? that doesn't seem right.
just got notification that my sansaire pre-order has shipped in the uk via hermes. no sign of notification of my original kickstarter order shipping yet though :( also disappointed in the choice of delivery - 6 day date range as possible delivery date??
received my sansaire today in montreal!! can't wait to cook with it!! :d
i think it's much better to have your water levels well above the minimum line. it will be quieter as well in the short run and safer if you are doing a long run.
with the water at the minimum level it emits a pulsing jet of bubbles. is this ok? i find i have to submerge it another 2cm for no bubbles. thanks for the device! stoked to experiment with it.
thanks guys bought one of the higher rated cambros instead.
cambro is generally unavailable in eu or very expensive import, and araven seems to be one of the few manufacturers here that have proper detailed indications about safety standards, usage limits and production safetyin all their products. so i e-mailed araven about their containers, and specifically asked about suitability of their containers for long hours sustained cooking sous vide up to 80ºc. i was shocked no to receive an e-mail back but they phoned me instead! so we had a rather long talk explaining the case, and finally they sent me back a response from their engineers, which i summarise here: - their best bet is their silicone gn 1/1 (ref. 1807): rated 200ºc for constant use, or peaks up to 250ºc. they produce them up to 15cm height (5.9" ). (i myself wanted it 8"). they seem to have demoed these ones recently for sousvide in the bcc   -  polycarbonate 20cm/8" tall gn1/1 (ref. 09780). they claim polycarbonate can do 80ºc nicely since their polycarbonate is rated 100ºc and the pp cover 90ºc, and they offer lab tests proof of having bpa limited within acceptable levels. - polypropilene 20cm/8" tall gn1/1 (ref. 3038): bpa free and it can do 80ºc nicely since their material is rated 95ºc
i would advice against this one, due to "made of polycarbonate, not bpa-free". not sure how much bpa is there, but i'd rather play it safe.  ej's container is made of #5 polypropylene. i didn't find a clear answer why pp would be worse than pc(see my question below). in some places pp is rated up to 160, which i believe should be still fine for meats. at higher temperature it might start loosing it's shape.
if you want something specifically round and 6 quart, i'd go with this instead = http://www.amazon.com/camwear-polycarbonate-round-storage-container/dp/b000kie73i/  keep in mind though that 6 quart is gonna be essentially a 'one mealer' container.
ej, i think those only go from -40f to 160f, so i'd go with something else.
is it safe to use this to hold the water bath? http://www.amazon.com/cambro-rfs6ppsw2190-6-quart-food-storage-container/forum/fx1y40f9u9oq9io/-/1/ref=cm_cd_dp_aar_ql…
@jan - nope inte ännu. :-) hoppas att den dyker upp snart dock.
any scandinavians who have received info on shipping yet ?
i was about to use my sansaire for the 4 the time and my lcd display quit working!!! pump still works but how do i fix? reset does not work and is fully depressed.
if the answer is 'it's the weekend'...i know.  i'm just wondering if i should be concerned.
my lovely sansaire died yesterday in the middle of warming up.  it worked great for two weeks, then just died out of the blue.  i emailed info@sansaire.com 24 hours ago,  but haven't gotten anything back except the automated reply.  anyone have any idea what's up?  should i be worried?
oh, happy day! my first ever sous vide anything is under way - 63 degree eggs!
it's a known issue billy... you gotta message the sansaire folks by email. i think it's info@sansaire.com
sansaire arrived yesterday at my house in vancouver. weird issue is that the reset button doesn't seem to do anything, it is fully depressed in the socket but the machine still works fine.
woohoo!  my sansaire has shipped and should be here on wednesday!
@scott - my unit arrived just in time for my 30th birthday. for the life of me i don't understand why everyone is complaining about a piece of tape or the back cover. i'm about to do some eggs and it seems to be working perfectly so far. thanks for the great product.
disregard that, i've been looking at food pans particularly, i guess i'm just bad at googling.
scott, really 9 inches recommended on container height? the tallest cambro i've been able to find is only 8" tall. so even with that, the sansaire will be resting on the bottom?
actually ignore that last comment, seems like i just need to elevate it slightly.
i have a question - the pump in my sansaire is cycling on and off - is that normal? i couldn't find a user forum on sansaire.com or anywhere for me to ask others for questions/etc on this. :)
i'm sure scott can do a bulk order for us :)
heh, they are sold for less than 18 usd, but we have to order at least 2000 units first ;-) http://yigaoshijin.en.alibaba.com/product/571340459-212180355/folding_silicone_cute_storage_box_supplier.html
excited to have just received my sansaire in vancouver! it is definitely bigger in person.
has anyone seen products from this manufacturer being sold? http://iplastic.com.au/product/silicon-collapsible-food-storage-boxes/ they claim they product fda approved silicone food-grade containers up to 28l (even if they designed them for food waste): http://iplastic.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/silicone-collapsible-green-waste-bin.jpg
greetings, we thought you'd like to know that your sansaire is on its way! your order was shipped via purolator express, and is estimated to arrive march 6, 2014 - march 7, 2014. weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@scott: great hearing the news about the uk-shipments! i think that should warrant a full kickstarter-update.
i would like to thank the fellows sharing their discussion about containers.  i am learning a lot.  thanks!
as far as container goes, i know most people go with cambro as #1 choice. what about polypropylene food grade containers which do not have bpa at all? wouldn't pp be better than pc(polycarbonate) as far as food safety is concern?  i understand that pp is not as sturdy and possibly would start loosing it's shape at the lower temperature, although i haven't noticed any issues myself at up to 160f. i have:  http://www.containerstore.com/shop/kitchen/foodstorage/bulk… which is made in japan by lustroware. alternatively available at amazon: http://www.amazon.com/lustroware-b-2896aa-keeper-2-1-gallon-container/dp/b00evzw4tk/ref=sr_1_2…
@doug - i apologize that we may missed your instructions. but, your unit is in the home stretch now! @luis and @unai - the way the sansaire clip is positioned, there is no maximum container height, and it's all but impossible to overfill.  the top of the clip is just below the maximum fill line, so as long as the sansaire is clipped to the side of a container, you'll never be able to fill past the maximum fill line because water would overflow the top of the container. for stability, we recommend a container with at least a 4" high wall.  however, containers 9" and taller are ideal, as the sansaire will hang off the side, elevated from the floor of the container, which provides better circulation.
@unai i meant to include a link actually, the brand is smartstore (it's swedish). i think it's pp (no info on the website, but that's what it says under the recycling symbol on the actual box). http://goo.gl/2ywexc wrt size, why does the container have to bigger than the max level? as long as the food is submerged (i.e. shortest side < 16cm) it should be ok, right? i'll be mainly cooking for 1, so smaller seems handier. my doubts were about the clip height, rather than water level (as the minimum is reasonably low, as far as i can remember).
@luis again, previous comments here said 15cm max water level, but i correct: according to the seriouseats.com review, the maximum water level is 6.5 inches, that is 16.5cm. so that would be above your container height.
@luis, i would suggest you to wait for the sansaire to arrive, since the area will depend on what height you clip the device to and the height of your box. also the maximum height of water level for the sansaire seems to be 15cm, so the 16cm depth might be a bit too tight. that's precisely the reason i haven't bought mine yet. by the way, what brand are those tanks? i have not seen any pc container that can do 120ºc, and i have yet to find a foodsafe pp/pe this large, so it might be interesting.
@griffin clas-ohlson have a range of boxes with lids - not sure of the material, but they are classified as food-grade (-40 - 120c). not sure what size to go for, but probably 40x30x16 or 34x25x16cm.. anybody with a sansaire (or scott) - what cross-sectional area does the sansaire cover, and how low can the container be, and still be clipped on?
not to be a cranky-puss, but i paid $20 extra for being a canadian resident.  i have a us mailbox, and actually specifically told you folks back when you confirmed shipping details that i could easily use my us mailbox, and keep my $20.  to be what appears to be 2 weeks later than my us friends to get my sansaire, when i could have saved $20 and had it earlier, is a bit of a pinch in the tuckus.  i don't blame you folks, as this is the first time we (the collective we) have been through this, but dammit, the pictures and comments i have seen so far make me feel so sad that i have to wait, even if it is just a few days.....
no problems, even. too early in the morning for typing.
good news indeed. had started to wonder what happened with the uk arrival date of feb 19, but now i am gearing up to see a sansaire unit land in my icy swedish mailbox in the not too distant future. and yeah, customs are slow so i am not surprised it took this time for them to clear it. thankfully, that means to problems with the customs over here in sweden, so your effort is much appreciated.
good news: we've now cleared customs in the uk and in canada!!!  we expect to land in those warehouses tomorrow, and begin shipping out in the next few days.  for our kickstarter backers, you should expect to receive an email with tracking information as soon as your order ships.  if you encounter any issues, shoot us an email at info@sansaire.com so we can assist!
http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/70154800/
@guy:  if you live near an ikea, i found a stainless steel, adjustable pot lid organizer for under $6 which works beautifully as a rack to hold food packets in place
i've been enjoying my unit so far.  i think i'm going to need to buy a rectangular container -- i think that'll work better than my pots.  i'd also like to get a rack to hold down the food. the air pockets are a hassle.
btw, you will find sites that claim it is possible to make polycarbonate without using bpa (bisphenol - a), but then they add bisphenol -fetc... with similar effects. at least manufacturers such as cambro, rubbermaid, araven... all point you to materials different from polycarbonate, if you want them bpa free: cambro claiming bpa is safe: https://www.cambro.com/uploadedfiles/content/general_documents/bpa%20information%20from%20cambro.pdf rubbermaid concerned about their users, and offering new alternative materials: http://www.rubbermaid.com/pages/learnaboutbpa.aspx
that's the idea i have, yes . i am just awaiting for the device to arrive, to make sure i buy a convenient size. gn 1/1 is rather large i think, so i will be looking for something smaller if it suits me. i don't like the idea of using polycarbonate since it contains bpa, necessary for its production. many sites claim "bpa free polycarbonate...", that's misleading, completely false statement. and many others (cheaper ones) are not even have an ec/nsf mark or claim being safe for food contact use, so who knows what other chemicals they contain. the pricing of good polycarbonate containers also seems  to be similar to stainless steel ones anyway. so the only disadvantages of stainless steel are heat loss which is fixed using a good isolator, and not being see-through, but i don't think the idea of sous vide cooking is staring at it for 10 hours while it cooks anyway ;-) btw, i know that the food is supposed to go in a plastic container anyway, but still i will feel better when making eggs, or bain marie recipes, and also will feel better by not paying those industries still producing bpa and claiming it is safe for food.
my plan is to have two stacked polycarbonate containers with insulation material between them. i think that could work fairly well.  then take some of the insulation and cut it into the shape of the polycarbonate container with the appropriate cutout for the sansaire, put a little handle, riveted or screwed into the insulation and float it on top of the water bath. @unai, so you will put one of the stainless steel gn 1/1 containers inside the kangabox?
finally i think the best bet is a stainless gn 1/1 container+ kangabox insulator. best of both worlds: strong, very well insulated, and completely food safe.  no need to stack up two polycarbonate containers, and not that expensive on many online stores.
with all the good reviews on twitter, i guess we are all just eager to get our hands on this cool device. got a leg of lamb waiting for its final jacuzzi :-)
hurry up in customs already! i want to use my sansaire!
ooops -copy and paste error.  for the europe, africa and western asia folks, please ignore the line about final order invoice - that doesn't apply to kickstarter backers.  you'll receive an email as soon as your order ships!
hi all, here are a few updates from hq. issues with your sansaire or something missing from the box? email us at info@sansaire.com and we'll get you taken care of. we're trying hard to respond to all customer messages within 24 hours, and we've recently added a part-time member to the sansaire team to assist with customer service.  however, we're still a small team, so we apologize in advance if it takes us a little longer to reply. canada: the canadian shipment arrived at the canadian border on 3/1. we expect these units to arrive at the vancouver warehouse on 3/3-3/4. from there, it will take a few days to process all of the shipments. once your unit ships, you’ll receive an email with tracking information from the carrier. europe, africa, and western asia: the shipment for our uk warehouse entered customs on 2/28. as this is our first time importing into the uk, we are unsure exactly how long it will take to clear customs and enter our warehouse, but we’ll post an update as soon as we’re through. you should have recently received your final order invoice with instructions for completing payment. @griffin - any large metal pot will do well, though our favorite container is a 3-5 gallon polycarbonate food storage box.  we like the cambro brand, as it's food-safe and fairly indestructible. @baohui - although the sansaire is rated at ~1100w, it only consumes that much power during the initial water heating. when the water is up to temp, the sansaire barely sips power; it draws just enough to replace the heat lost to the surrounding environment.
that depents on how much heat will escape:)
hi, im just concerned about the power usage of this unit. if this unit were to be turned on for 3 days consecutively, wouldnt it be extremely costly!
i am having some issues with the shipping on my replacement sansaire. i sent an email to info@sansaire.com yesterday, and haven't heard back. has anyone had similar issues?
could you recommend containers accessible for swedish customers? kan ni föreslå vilka behållare vi kan köpa i sverige?
got my replacement sansaire, after the first one had a offset impeller issue. this one sounds so much better, got right to work and made some hard boiled eggs that didn't have a green bouncy ball in the center, smooth creamy yolk, absolutely delicious. great job on getting the issues taken care of and great customer service. thank you scott!
any news about the european units? haven´t been this excited about a product for a long, long time. feeling like a kid waiting for christmas...
definitely not normal i'm sure they will quickly send one out to you
just got my sansaire but it came without a power cord.  is that normal?
forum sounds good!
mine had borken scotch tape on the back panel. should i be concerned? i hope i received the most updated sansaire and not one of the defective ones... i turned it on quickly just to make sure the screen turned on and that it powered on, but haven't used it to cook. hopefully all goes well. i agree with @michael goldman and would love a users forum.
i got mine last week but couldn't open the package box until today. i'm missing the kitchen towel reference table, but other than that everything else seems to be ok. haven't cooked with it yet but hopefully things will run smoothly. i emailed about the towel. i hope they send me one because i was so looking forward to it. aside from that, great job, scott!! i will definitely spread the word to my friends and family about this. :)
question i buy chicken, steaks etc and plan to freeze them for later use. my issue is whether i can season the item for later sous vide cooking, or do i have to unfreeze the protein and season it just before cooking sure would be nice to have seasoned steaks in the freezer and place directly into the sous vide  love the idea of a users forum of note just got the am express departures magazine, and on page 92, in an article labeled "new tech", is a picture and brief description of the sansaire sous vide circulator. congrats scott.
i am also having issues with reset.  the first time i plugged it in, it ran for a few seconds and then displayed reset.  the button doesn't seem to do anything.  it was in a proper amount of water that wasn't very warm yet.
@pedro, i am not sure which ikea containers you are referring to, but you should certainly check composition and maximum temperature limit since otherwise it may even emit toxic gases when heated. i found these silicone containers by araven. very interesting, since they can even be used for normal cooking in the oven (supposedly safe from -40ºc freezing up to 250ºc), and bpa free obviously: http://goo.gl/zjcafc but they only have 15cm height ones even if they are rather large. then there are araven (2008/39/ec norm) and rubbermaid (?) polycarbonate ones, somewhat cheaper than silicone and supposedly "safe" for food contact and resistant up to 100ºc. but obviously they do contain bpa. i could not find tritan ones at an shop yet. http://goo.gl/orsqq6 http://goo.gl/uabolm they have  a cheaper vogue container, which seems to match the cambro in size. meant to be temperature resistant too, but it does not mention anything about being certified for food contact, so i would not trust it much: http://goo.gl/egcela
@unai i'm having the same sort of concerns and i'm in europe as well. but indeed the fact is that the food is in the plastic bag, i'm much more concerned about the bags than anything else. but is it 100% safe to use any container regarding the above? can we use those ikea boxes? if your concern are the eggs, you shouldn't be cooking a high amount of eggs, so you can always use a reguar pan.
i love my sansaire!
just got my payment invoice for the second unit i preordered, that should ship from london! are the eu units ready to ship? yay!
update - i'm loving this. my wife has started asking me for sous vide eggs every morning, and i'm cooking twice a day on average with it so far. great fun, and amazingly idiot-proof. great job, scott and team! i wonder if there is interest in a sansaire users forum to share recipes etc? i'd love to hear what everyone else is doing, in detail that twitter doesn't cover.
typo on the previous post... "i am looking at both containers such as rubbermaid..." (silicone word was off-place)
has anybody looked at containers other than polycarbonate? i am concerned about bpa contents in polycarbonate (including cambro and all others, who claim it is safe, but it is actually limited for certain purposes in eu). i am looking at both silicone containers such as rubbermaid bpa free range, which seem to be using a copolyester they name tritan(tm): http://www.eastman.com/literature_center/m/mbs419.pdf and also wondering if there are any silicone containers large enough (given their larger temperature range i am guessing they leak less residue while heating). i know that food is meant to go into a plastic bag anyway, but still in certain cases as with eggs they are typically put directly in the container.
100% satisfied!  very happy with the new toy.  lots of delicious chicken thighs have been cooked already in different styles.  and i see exactly what scott meant when talking about using the sansaire to feed a heat exchanger for brewing temperature control.  jam a hose that fits into the water exit port and you can push the heated water anywhere you want.
the rattle on our unit is extremely loud. we looked carefully at the inside and it appears that the shaft is not straight. it is vibrating against the side.
just got the sansaire. read some recipes (http://www.sousvidesupreme.com/en-us/chicken_breast_recipes.htm), bought a foodsaver vacuum sealer, sealed and cooked up a dozen chicken breasts and then a half dozen steaks. the result, even with cheap ingredients, was the best chicken and steak i've had in my life. and now for the rest of the week we can eat by tossing a bag from the freezer into the sansaire to warm it up, sear on each side for 30 seconds so it "looks cooked", and it's done. as my wife just put it - i never want to cook any other way again! the quality is amazing, and it's almost embarrassingly easy. just put a pair of chicken breasts, plus some marinate or herbs and butter into a vacuum seal bag, seal it, and throw it into the water. i'm almost afraid what will when i try this with a really good steak. i may never be able to eat out again!
i just got my sansaire last week. on sunday, i used it to cook the best steak i've ever made. and it was dead easy. thank you very much!!
i have done several cooks, and they have all come out very well. unfortunately i am having a similar noise/rattle issue and the suggestions here have not helped.  i also use a cambro container, and the clip (on either setting) doesn't seem to help it hold or sit well in the container. i have tried using something between the clip and outside wall of the cambro but it would almost be better if the clip weren't there, or had another level of adjustment. any cambro users with advice? i was able to cut a hole in the cambro lid to go around the sansaire, and i would highly recommend that approach, works great to keep in heat and moisture.  if only there were some kind of insulated option, then it would be that might more efficient!
i am looking into various containers to put the sansaire(haven't recieved it yet)  i found a stainless steel gastronorm container, 530mm x 325mm and 200mm deep. http://www.shaheencutlery.com/gastronorm-pans.html if i am not mistaken the maximum water level of the sansaire is 150 mm, if i would clip the sansaire to this container(200mm deep), i assume it would not reach the bottom? what is the distance between the clip and the bottom of the device? many thanks!
if anyone is having issues with the reset button in the back, use something thin, like a toothpick, to full depress it.
hi, i've received my sansaire and was happy with everything until yesterday where one row of the led screen stopped working and it's now quite hard for me to read the temperature.
i received my sansaire last thursday but didn't get a chance to try it out until today. i made two tuna steaks and they came out perfectly as advertised after 25 minutes; i will cook a pork shoulder for 36 hours next and can't wait. i haven't experienced any issues with noise or malfunctions at this point, used the sansaire immediately after opening. thanks for a fantastic as-advertised product!
another comment about the box.  good luck storing it that way.  i spent longer trying to repack it than i spent cooking with it.
is anyone else's sansaire unstable?  it wants to fall over clipped to any container, and the only thing preventing that from happening is the clip.  doesn't sit up straight so it looks a little homebrew.  i assume this isn't normal, right?
there was a period where i thought it was malfunctioning, because the temp was all over the place. eventually, the impeller kicked in. now to wait.
omg! the rattle is unacceptable. noise seems to be coming from the upper portion of the housing. taking off the back panel did not make a difference in the noise. i have to agree with other comments that the back panel takes a bit of fiddling to seat right. otherwise, it is a beautiful piece of machinery. but the noise it produces, make even conversation in the kitchen difficult.
no loctite
scott thanks for the updates my concern with the scotch tape on the back panel is not the tacky appearance, but related to the fact that in both my units the tape was broken on both sides of the panel. since the sansaires were well packaged it means that even minimal jostling resulted in enough panel movement to result in that breakage. this goes along with my experience with the panels coming loose despite the latch being secured as much as possible again, i'm not having a cow about, however i would like the ability to purchase two new back plates from future runs, where hopefully this issue is addressed and fixed comments thanks in advance
my sansaire works beautifully, this is to make a suggestion for a future model. create an app that has temperature fixed setting according to what is going to be sous vide but also gives you an alarm when the cooking time is done...so basically the sansaire and the phone be connected by bluetooth. just a suggestion
did you notice if there was loctite on the screws, curtis?
noise issue part three:  despite having the rear cover banded down the rattle started up again. took it out of the bath and tightened all the screws (6 on the back and two on the impeller shroud). again whisper quiet. scott, with all the issues on the back panel, it may be worth considering having it fasten with screws in future there is a ~2 mm deflection on the impeller shaft. doesn't seem to be a real issue but this would add to the vibration that would shake things loose.
hi all, comment round-up time.  again, _please email us_ at info@sansaire.com so we can address any issues you're experiencing. that is the fastest and best way to get ahold of us, and the only way we can track that we're getting you the help you need. @adam - shoot us a note at info@sansiare.com. a) the display indicates a loose connection to the display driver board. we'll get you all fixed up.  b) this is expected. once the bath reaches the target temperature, the sansaire pulses power to the heaters just enough to maintain the temperature and replenish any heat lost to the environment. you can hear the motor hum change slightly when it shares power with the heater.  but, this is by design, and won't have any impact on longevity. c) the issue with the bubbles occurs if the unit can't draw in enough water from the bottom - the motor is too strong for its own good, and ends up drawing in air from the top. we recommend positioning the clamp so the sansaire tilts slightly to increase water intake. we're working with our factory to address this fix for future versions. @adam thanks for the feedback. we've heard that from a few other folks as well. we wanted to keep them subtle so as not to interrupt the design of the machine, but perhaps they were too subtle. note that, as long as the sansaire is clamped to the wall of its container, you can't overfill it - the max fill level is below the height of the clamp attachment. @stephen - we're very sorry to hear that! we'll take care of you via email - thanks for sending.
another broken reset button here, display shows reset, but the button just slides around freely with no effect. sent in an email.
another design issue: the min and max fill lines are impossible to see once the unit is submerged. these really should have been either white or gray -- something high contrast -- so that users can see when they're getting near the limits. i'd rank this as a moderately important issue.
noise issue. i had a rattle that initially went away when i reseated the back cover but it returned with time. running it without the back cover in place showed that the fit was the issue. my present fix is a cable tie cinched right below the latch--it's now whisper quiet. may try a beefy rubber band in future.
okay, i've now tested my unit and i have one definite issue, one potential issue, and one annoyance: a) definite issue: there is a glitch in the display or software, and a straight line of pixels randomly lights up for a while (the second row from the bottom). while they're lit up, the numbers--especially the 10ths -- are very difficult to read. b) potential issue: as the unit gets close to target (around 1/10th of a degree), the sound changes and i can hear it cycling on every two seconds or so. is this how it's supposed to work? it seems that all of the cycling would be bad for longevity of the unit. c) annoyance: i started working with water just above the min fill line, and got all kinds of bubbles and splashing noises. not until i filled the pot so the water was another half inch up did this stop. i don't think these lines are properly calibrated. on a more positive note, temp was dead on right out of the box. (measured with a thermapen.) actually, it arrived with a +2 offset, and i had to turn it back to 0 to get accuracy. kind of a strange default! but i'm glad that it seems to be working.
so after watching the vid, my unit was setup correctly. the scoth tape was a little weird but whatever. again, amazing steaks and can't wait to use it again.
hi all, we're going to try to catch up on these comments.  if you're having trouble getting the back plate seated correctly on your unit, please see our latest update for some video help.  if your unit is having other problems, please send us email at info@sansaire.com so we can help you out and send a replacement if necessary! for those folks whose units had scotch tape on the back, we completely agree with your negative sentiments. this is something that we had addressed with the factory, but we didn't catch it until they had already sent out part of the first production run.  although this won't happen again in the future, we're really disappointed that your unboxing experience was tarnished by this unacceptable presentation. @shanna the metal screen doesn't need to sit in the small groove around the bottom.  anywhere below the heating coils is fine - the grate is just there to protect bags or food from bumping into the heating coils. @diane glad to hear peace is restored in your household! it sounds like there are quite a few thermapen owners out there!  that's absolutely fantastic - although we calibrate the sansaire at the factory, we added the offset feature (see: user manual) so that you'd be able to recalibrate it in the future.  a thermapen is an ideal reference thermometer for this!
thank you. works perfectly out of the box. no problem with the back plate and temp was checked with my thermapen and is spot on.
got my green version the other day, very happy with it! temperature spot on, i did have a unit where there was scotch tape on the back panel and it wasn't locked into place, and after the first few times experimenting and getting the whirling fan sound, tried fiddling with the back cover, till eventually something went right, and the metal grate was solidly in place. is very super-quite now, a nice low hum. for anyone who thinks they're machine is louder than they thought it would be: try pressing gently on the bottom metal grate; if it shifts up/down on the side with the back cover, that's probably why. or at least that was what was up with mine. it seems to be very picky about the way it's lined up: most of the time the metal grate just wants to slide to let the panel fit. overall i am really impressed with it, and the money i saved from buying this over more expensive ones that had been on the market went towards getting a chamber vac. might have to get a second one in the future.
peace in the house--finally got metal plate to stay. heats ok. was 0.7 degrees under set temp as measured by thermopen. will calibrate. noise is pleasant, much like a gentle rain.
my blue one came today. figured out how to clip the cover on, but we can't get the metal plate on the bottom on no way no how. hubby is mad and telling me to send it back. f-bombs are being thrown...
sounds like there are some folks with problems in their units, but mine came out of box working great. made a perfect sirloin steak at 130f. i did test mine against my fisher thermometer and it looks to be about 0.5f too high, but that's pretty good for my liking.
got mine (ks green) today.  had no problem with back panel (tape was broken and panel wasn't attached, but was able to clip on without a problem).  made beef medallions for my first meal - - perfectly cooked in 1 hour.  65c eggs with english muffins for breakfast tomorrow.
love it so far. good job scott. fits perfectly in my cambro 8sfscw camsquare.
received! haven't tested it yet but first impression is that i'm not a huge fan of the box. i took the sansaire out to have a look and wanted to store it in the original box -- it was kind of a pain to get everything to fit back together again. i'd much prefer a box that would flip open along one of the long sides. this box looks slightly cooler, but at the expense of reusability, and that's not a great tradeoff in my opinion.
mine just came today. unfortunately the circulator does not work. kind of bummed out.
just got my blue one yesterday as well! i promptly whipped up some 65c eggs over some takeout teriyaki, and then a quick nutella and coffee zabaglione for dessert. overall impressions, this is a fantastic unit that seems solidly built. the back cover is fiddly, but once it's on it's solidly on. and my unit was calibrated ~0.5 c low (compared to a thermapen), but the adjustment was very easy. thanks again for letting schlubs like me start sous-vide-ing, and great work!
had the same problem as brandon with the back plate when mine arrived today, only mine was completely off except for the tape holding it on and it will not reattach. i watched the video and tried many times but the plate looks to be warped (the back panel has a fair amount of lean to it and it won't line up with the back of the sansaire). went from very excited to kind of disappointed.
got my green one yesterday.  first impressions were great.  i noticed that there was some scotch tape holding the back plate in place, and it was broken and the plate was loose, leading me to believe that maybe customs opened the package to ensure that it indeed was what it claimed to be.  promptly threw it in a pot and made myself two 65 degree eggs..  they came out perfectly.  i know i should have tested the temp, but was too excited to do so.  as far as i can tell, everything is working as it should.  great product guys!
having similar problem with back cover. mine wasn't secured when unit arrived, it was just taped to the body, possibly whoever packed it couldn't lock it in place either. it seems it was designed very poorly. after some time i was able to put it in place and lock it with the switch, but there is still a fairly large gap on one of the sides.
regarding the back cover, could somebody please clarify if the metal screen is supposed to slide into place (there is a notched area that it fits into), or if it just sits loosely next to the coils.  it seems like it should fit securely in place, but after watching the video several time, it seems like it is placed farther in, next to the coils. i have tried placing it securely in the notch but then i can not get the cover to close.  if i place the metal screen loosely next to the coils i can get the back to close  (it is still very tricky), but the plate is loose inside and seems to rattle around, which to me doesn't seem right.
@hector: blue display
perhaps some of the loudness could also be caused by the material of the container resonating and creating noise from the vibration, i.e. not being heavy enough (not having enough water to offset the vibrations)  just speculation at this point, since i don't yet have my sansaire in front of me to test.
received mine yesterday. it is gorgeous! temperature matches up with two thermometers. was unboxed and cooking in less than 6 minutes. worked great even though i chose the wrong cut of meet to be my first sansaire meal :-) no issues at all with green display, us, but like others have stated it is definitely louder than i expected. still, it's a very low hum for me and not able to hear it outside of the kitchen so not too big a deal. short ribs start tomorrow for monday night dinner to really give this thing a test. going to try crawfish this summer if i can swinng it :-d thanks for a great kiskstarter product so far!
first impressions as it finally showed up today. the back plate seems fiddly to get on. i took it off to see if it had an issue like others. it went back on but took a few tries to get it lined up. the display seems fine. first batch of eggs went well. the temp is off by 1° compared to my inexpensive probe thermometer so that's close enough for me until i get a more precise one. it seems a *tad* louder than i expected compared to the tested video only because it seems to be a slight pulsing fan sound instead of a steady white noise like hum. have not tried the reset button to see if there was an issue yet. too busy testing foods. green display, us version. consider me a happy backer. unless it breaks during the heavy cooking i have planned this weekend. thanks scott!
+1 display issue (green version; fwiw).  mine didn't say "reset"; it was just blank.  i lightly hit it with the side of my hand a few times, and the display turned on.  i'm not very confident it will continue to work though... +1 reset button issue too.  pressing that was the first thing i tried to fix the display, but it seemed to function as a solid piece of plastic rather than a button
did you try putting some more water in it, babretterson?
received mine, temp is dead on, works great, but really noisy. may have gotten a bad motor...sent a email to info@sansare.com and will hopefully hear something back soon. still works great, just really noisy, like have the tv on in the living room which is separated from the kitchen by about 40 feet and can hear it very clearly spinning the impeller.
for everyone that's having problems... what's the color of your display? (trying to see if there's a pattern)  i see that two of the videos so far are green display. (ken and josh)
i got mine today. the back plate that people are having problem with almost looks like it wasn't designed to be completely flat, almost like they wanted to give some clearance for the water to circulate at the bottom. in any event, i don't seem to be having any trouble with my unit. steak and eggs tonight!
i have the unit stuck in reset / broken reset button problem. i emailed info@sansaire.com. anyone know what they are doing to fix this problem? when i saw it was delivered i planned dinner around this, kind of disappointing.
lukas responded to my shipping issue within minutes of my post! i believe that they will absolutely stand behind the product to make us happy. the best marketing is word of mouth. that's why most if us told our friends to back this in the first place.
i got mine today and was really excited.  i also noticed my back panel piece did not sit flush but i just fired it up anyway.  cooked up a pair of filet mignons for the wife and myself and they came out beyond perfect.  i will try and post some pictures later as they were cooked through perfectly and then i pan seared them.  i had it at 56c for an hour and it was perfectly medium rare.
my haunted sansaire just arrived, and i have two problems. here's a video: https://www.dropbox.com/s/bjfv6l3smfv0j9l/video%20feb%2020%2c%207%2037%2040%20pm.mov it goes in and out if reset on its own, or with a tap. that reset button is far in the hole and doesn't press in any further, though i can move it around with a. knife it has no desire to pop out. also when the unit is clipped and sitting flat, it spits out air. if i clip it wrong so that it's tilted a bit it seems fine. in the video i push it down flat to illustrate. is the spitting-out-air mode ok?  i am more than an inch over the low water mark with my deepest pot. i need to find a bucket or something deeper. but i think my reset button has a mind of its own. at least i can confirm its temp reading is dead on.
i am so angry. you sent my unit by ups surepost!  what a disservice to your customers!  my package arrived at ups in my town on the 18th. ups mailed the package to me on the 19th and here it is the evening of the 20th...and no package. if you had spent a few pennies more i would have had my unit delivered by the brown truck yesterday.
david thanks for your comment however, in my case i did read the instructions and put the back panel on multiple times and in each case insured the the back latch was engaged and pushed all the way to the right and was pushed as tight as possible. my feeling is this. maybe some units do and some don't have a panel issue. as far my case i obviously do x2. i recognize these are hard working people who are trying to get a business going and i applaud that. if in the next production run some new and hopefully correct extra back panels are made i would be happy to pay the cost of those panels being sent to me. i am not looking for anything more than having a unit the works perfectly. to worry about a few extra bucks in the gran d scheme of things, at least in my case is not an issue as my daughter would say "first world problem" thanks michael
@jason kadushin perhaps not, not sure what your unit looks like, but the back panel on mine extends about 1/8" beyond the body next to it. around the front there is another section that is 1/8" taller. i'll take a picture when i get home.
@david a. d. the tape is just for packaging / shipping. you need to remove the tape and look at the way the bottom secures to the sansaire. i thought the exact same thing you did when i unboxed mine but after a little investigation i learned that there is actual a plastic switch that you slide to securely lock the bottom to the sansaire. so gently slide the bottom cover into place and slide the plastic lock to keep the bottom cover secured. @scott h. - you may want to post a video of how to secure the bottom cover to clear up all the confusion over it. i have seen multiple posts regarding unbalanced units, or cover plate issues.
thank you all for being patient with us and talking openly about these issues. the last two days we've been backlogged with managing importation of units in uk and seattle. as a result we have not responded to emails as quickly as we would like. by the end of today we'll respond to all emails. we're also writing an update for us and canada units which have been progressing nicely!
@ken a - could that possibly be the intended design? mine barely balances when its placed standing up right (ie the back panel is extended so far beyond the filter and front panel that it creates imbalance).
@hector silva i have emailed info@sansaire.com but i have not received a response yet. i'm happy to do a fix myself if it is a user serviceable issue. i fear i'm probably destined to get a new unit (hopefully quickly). video demonstrating what i'm seeing: http://1drv.ms/1jhijoc
@jeff myers (and others) - the bottom of the back panel is not supposed to be flush with the bit next to it - it is raised as an inlet for water. if you look around at the front of the unit, there is another section that is the same level as the bottom of the back panel. it is a confusing design - a better approach would be to have the inlet end before or extend past the edge of the back panel so that they do line up.
i'm one of the unfortunate ones with a display that just says 'reset' and a reset button that seems stuck in but otherwise doesn't do anything.  i sent an email to info@sansaire.com, but 24 hours later i've only got an autoresponse.  wish i had a better idea about next steps and how soon i'll be able to sous vide.  has anyone else with a non-functional unit heard back yet?
received mine today and i seen to be having the same problem as many others with the back panel not fitting correctly. even with it fully seated on the top the bottom is not flush against the rest of the unit. have not used it yet but excited to try it soon.
i'm pretty disappointed with the build quality of the bottom housing to include the back panel. mine had some scotch tape holding it together at one point, but i imagine it didn't hold for long. the fact that the tape was even there suggests that the issue with the back panel was known prior to shipping. the bottom back panel was not attached when i unboxed the sansaire and took a bit of dicking around to get it on. once it was "attached" it only stays so with the switch in place and that barely seems to hold it on. i will test it for functionality tonight. i hope the internals are better designed/manufactured than the housing.
baron, i just used a small blunt object to gently depress the reset button past the level of the casing (all the way in). this caused the reset button to stay depressed (maybe the spring mechanism broke), then the screen went black. at first, i thought it was just dead. however, it is coming turning back on intermittently with full functionality. i'll have to play with it some more after work, but my guess is that the problem is with the reset button mechanics. i also encountered the problem with the back panel - but only that it wasn't completely inserted flush into the back with the tape broken off. if you look at the instruction booklet (which was forgotten with my unit but i found the draft online at: http://sansaire.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/sansaire-manual-draft-10-5.pdf), they designed the unit with the idea of having the ability to remove the back panel in mind to clean it. if you take off the back panel and examine it, you'll notice how there are hooks on either side which are supposed to slide into corresponding hooks on the unit. you can also see how the locking mechanism works. i kept the lock to the left and gingerly slid back panel into place, then locked it by sliding the latch to the right.  even when this is closed and locked, you should notice that the bottom of the panel extends past the bottom of the adjacent unit casing, i guess to function as a tripod for flat surfaces.
since they refuse to give a shipping update for the canadians and instead like giving interviews on how well they communicate, perhaps they can use that time to test the units again before they are shipped out.
i would be okay with the panel, if the reset button could work. should i jam something in there really hard?
i have the same problem with the back panel on both my units. there was a strip of scothch tape on both sides which on both had seperated during shipping. both backs had come loose. on placing the sansaire down the difference was notable on the back panel from the rest of the bottom. this causes the back to come off frequently despite being latched. very annoying at least might nee some new backs made and sent to those with this issue. if it cost me a few bucks to pay for some new back panels,  thatworks for me gad to know i'm not crazy thanks
display dead on arrival... heater and circulator work.  pushed in the reset button on the back and it stayed stuck in the hole.  i had the same issues as others with trying to get the back to go on... once i did, the little slide lock worked to hold it in place.
just want to say, i got mine yesterday, temperatures were dead-on and consistency was excellent. only downside was finding out i didn't have a vessel big enough! i made meatballs and they were fantastic. keep up the awesome work!
my reset button doesn't function. i am disappointed that i have to wait even longer for this product
i just got mine yesterday in san francisco and finally had a chance to open it today. unfortunately, i'm having the same problem as carolina below. the screen is stuck in reset mode. the system is not overheating (or warm at all), and i tried adding more water up to the max line to no avail. pressing and/or holding the reset button does nothing. pressing the power button does not shut the machine off. i tried to disconnect the power to reset it; however it continues to be in reset mode when i plug it back in. any ideas?
got mine yesterday in north carolina.  i thought the towel was missing at first, but it was down in the bottom of the outer box.  just starting to play with it now.  temp is dead on with my thermapen.
@scott still waiting for mine to come (europe) but happy to see everyone so excited.  two questions:  why do you need to put the meat in a water bath after finishing the sous vide cooking and before storing in the fridge? if it's vacuum sealed and pasteurized, where could the bacteria show up?  do i need to buy a specific container for food purpose or can i get one of those ikea plastic boxes?  then again, if the food is sealed and the water doesn't get contact into food, the container shouldn't make any difference.  please, help me out ;) anxiously waiting :)
sounds crazy, i hope you make a video of it and send scott and the sansaire folks an email/message to info@sansaire.com. they will help you to troubleshoot it and send you a replacement if necessary.
40 c high is compared to my thermapen. also, my sansaire read 80 c and i could comfortably submerge my hand in the water...i'm confident it wasn't actually 80 c or anywhere near that hot.
40c high?   what are you testing the temperature against?
mine arrived, but there seems to be a problem with the temperature sensor - it reads about 40 c high and jumps around.
i'd echo charles stearns' comment exactly, i had the same experience
@curtis c - roger that.  i saw those.  the screen doesn't go flush to the side (vs the bottom).  is like there's a 1/5 inch missing. this is a minor issue vs the back panel not actually fitting on and keeping it off balance (+ rattle)..i did put the back panel on as far as it would go (all of the cut out and lock fit in) but the panel seems to be about 1/4 inch to big.
bit of a buzzy rattle until i refit the back cover. jason, note the two stand-offs on the back cover that don't go flush with the adjoining plastic. there is another one on the opposite side. this is part of the design to keep the inlet screen off the bottom of the pan.
ups decided to taunt me today. went from "arrived in ny, to be delivered early, 2/19" at around 8am to "forwarded to post office, to be delivered on schedule, 2/20" at around 3pm. evil. thursday will be eggs night. assuming all goes well. :)
similar issues as others called out. mine arrived with the back panel not fully attached.  for the life of me it will not go in in a manner that makes it flush at the bottom.  unfortunately this means that it doesn't balance when placed down - so it won't sit up when not in use or in use and on the bottom of a container.  also the metal "filter" looking item is not flush with the casing either on the sides or where it is attached.
why is everyone removing the rear cover?
@richard, yea, i got an email last week saying it was on its way, including a tracking number.
just got mine in colorado.  looks great!  my pump was also pushing out bubbles and pulsing even though the water was above the minimum line.  i unplugged it, added more water, plugged it back in and things are fine.  eggs are on their way to 65c as i type this. :)  thanks!
i think you all should have noted in the instructions to remove the sticker off the display. i can't help but wonder if that is david's problem below. i also found the back panel a but difficult to get on just right. my pump was pushing out a ton of bubbles at first; so i lifted the unit about half a centimeter and it cleared.  i am guessing the unit had a bit of suction on the bottom of the pot. everything else looks great.  operation is very easy.  temp is spot on. can't wait to cook with it!
got mine tonight- but very disappointed. when i plugged it in it was in reset mode. i tried to follow the instructions to clear the reset, but it didn't work. either my button is stuck or it's missing, but nothing i tried worked. i was so looking forward to my 65 deg eggs tonight
anyone else having a lot of problems with the back cover?  the plastic on mine seems warped, with both sides unwilling to seat at once.
andrew. did you get notification first?
received mine last night...hopefully will be cooking this weekend. thanks!
@richard- manhattan here, arrived a half hour ago via ups
argh! i had put in a prime rib roast in the oven an hour or so ago, then there was a knock on the door. i'd entirely forgotten that it was being delivered today. can't decide what to cook first!
got mine in yesterday.  had a sous vide fillet mignon last night (seasoned with sea salt, minced onion & dried porcini powder) and french scrambled eggs (from modernist cuisine at home) this morning.  both came out great.  the sansaire is super easy to operate.  now i just can't wait for the searzall to ship; so i can quickly add a crisp sear to all of my sous vide cooked foods. i really love the fact that i can prepare a sous-vide steak package in advance (using food-saver bags); get home from work; toss the bagged steak into water set for my desired internal temperature and walk away.  i don't have to worry about keeping an eye on the steak and can read through my mail / email, take care of a few errands, etc.  whenever i am ready to eat; i just put together a few side vegetables (if not cooked sous-vide) pull out my steak and give it a quick pan-sear. i can prepare a full wee's worth of dinners over the weekend (freezing liquids; prior to vacuum sealing) and so long as i get home early enough for a slow-cook to complete, i can have a great meal with virtually no mess or cleanup.
any shipped to ny yet?
hi scott, any chance to get an update on shipping to the east coast?
@jonathan its a bit concerning that we have had numerous people ask for canadian updates and no response.  you'd figure taking 30 seconds to give an update would not be too much to ask...
someone misspelled tilapia in the towel. heads must roll!  seriously though, just got mine last night, fiddled with the back piece as well. made some "tender steaks" and looooved them. super good, and efficient cooking for our little condo. finished them off with a quick pan sear and a torch.
@max porterfield i asked this exact question as a followup but haven't received an answer yet.
@jonathan - canadian or us customs? i'm assuming they had to go through both to get to us.
@scott received mine, haven't had a chance to use it other than just a test run. while i'm happy with it so far, there are a few things out of the box that were a bit disappointing. the back piece is very fiddley, i had a hard time getting on correctly. the first time i turned it on there was a lot of rattling, after some adjustment of the back piece i got it to quiet down. i think over time a lot of people are going to have trouble with this unless i was just unlucky. the plastics on mine arrived with a lot of fine scratches, i'm guessing due to poor handling during assembly, this is an unfortunate problem going with a gloss finish. i think it would be better in the long run with a matt finish at least above the max waterline. over all it felt a bit more like prerelease hardware than what i would expect due to the glossy plastics. overall these are minor issues, and i point them out in the hopes you can take the feedback to improve your success. in particular the tolerances around the back piece and how it attaches.
@david we're very sorry to hear that!  we know how long you (and everyone else) have been waiting for the sansaire, and we apologize that we've blown our shot to make a great first impression. as with all consumer electronics, a certain percentage of units will be defective.  although we've gone to great lengths to test every sansaire before it leaves the factory, some issues arise due to rough handling during delivery, or other factors that we couldn't predict during our testing. we'll follow up with you via email to have a replacement unit sent right away.  again, we're very sorry that your first experience with the sansaire was a disappointment, but we hope to make it up to you. if anyone else is experiencing problems, please don't hesitate to contact us directly at info@sansaire.com so we can help you out as quickly as possible!
@scott - i received mine today. i plugged it in and when i pressed the power button, the pump turns on but there is no display whatsoever. i tried pressing the temp and c/f buttons as well as rotating the temp dial. nothing. power switch on/off works as expected. i have no idea what temperature the bath currently is at or trying to obtain. i pressed the reset button in, thinking that might help but it didn't do anything. the button is now stuck in a recessed state. anyone else having issues with the display not working at all?
got mine today tue 2/18 (texas). best tasting and texture for meat i've ever cooked. i used 57 c  for what i would call medium (pink and light brown); 52 c is probably too rare for me. i need to start experimenting now! im excited to start using my set of the modernist cuisine that has huge sections on sous vide cooking. the unit is great! super quiet appliance; the loudest part was the water shooting across my pan and making a peaceful fish tank noise but this will be fixed when i get big restaurant bin that is more than 8 in. in diameter.
72 hour wagyu boneless short ribs @ 57.2°c was out of this world - flavorful and utterly fork tender.
i got an answer on twitter from the @sansaire account! canada units are in customs now and european units land in uk tomorrow. we're closing in on the finish line!
received my 2 units in portland, or today. the ups tracking showed them arriving tomorrow, so getting them today was a pleasant surprise unpacked the unit and must say the package was boxed in a first class manner. will keep the box to store the unit since it is so well constructed.  would ccok tonight but have some people coming and before i embark on cooking for others, i have to be sure i know what the heck i'm doing. must thank wadid, who took the time to quickly and fully my questions about my units shipping status. whole process to date has been classy michael
has anyone else done any research on bpa/ea free bags that can be utilized for sous vide? i read this article http://nomnompaleo.com/post/12463202060/cooking-sous-vide-plastic-safety  unfortunately the bags that are recommended appear to have very bad seals and lots of negative sous viders commenting about these bags simply don't work. thoughts?
really wish we could get an update on the canadian container (and european one too while we're at it).
i'm in the sf bay area, and mine will be delivered today (2/18)!  i received my email confirmation on thursday (2/13).
@scott - can you please give us an update on when the shipping of usa kickstarter orders will be complete? i haven't received any order info yet and i just want to make sure nothing has gone wrong.
i'll be making this recipe... http://www.sousvidesupreme.com/en-us/eggs_benedict.htm
mine gets delivered today, and i'm super pumped about it.
@kris - scott said a while back that the uk container was due to arrive on the 19th so, unless it has been delayed further, i'd expect to hear something in the next week or so.  it would be a great timing if i got mine next tuesday (my birthday), but i doubt it!
just wondering if there is there any update to the shipping on the european orders?
got my sansaire on friday and have been experimenting over the weekend!  here's some pictures of the sansaire as well as some food i cooked with it =) sansaire unboxing (kind of): http://i.imgur.com/5nw0ak3.jpg http://i.imgur.com/mcnulnj.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vernach.jpg 13 min onsen eggs: http://i.imgur.com/q5fixgk.jpg http://i.imgur.com/eqkoep6.jpg steak: http://i.imgur.com/aw8cwsj.jpg http://i.imgur.com/miyo8ci.jpg
on east coast with estimated delivery of jan 20 thursday as well, no tracking updates since friday
@eldon mine said between today and friday. hopefully that's true. i would love to have it by the weekend. hopefully the tracking status gets updated tomorrow. maybe presidents' day had something to do with it?
@joe - i'm in the same boat.  said arrival range was at earliest today, but that doesn't seem to be happening...
i'm on the east coast and getting mine thursday. i can't wait!
that wasn't snarky at all.
i have yet to get an email with shipping status -- is there some hold up for the east coast (you know, beyond the previous three months...)?
salmon at 52°c is a little rare for what i've expected from cooked fish, although since i love sushi it wasn't unpleasant, just not what i had expected, and cooked in a ginger-sesame simmer sauce, it came out even across the varying thicknesses of the filets (one of the things i was testing -- one of the two filets was from the front of the fish, the other from the rear, so they had much different thickness patterns, but there was no variation in doneness across the filets); i think i'll bump it to 55°c next time and see if that improves things against my perception of what it should be. i am _very_ satisfied with my unit, and this will become a regular part of my cooking in the future. the 'fire and forget' nature of sous vide cooking, even with the most delicate of foods, makes it that much more attractive to me; i can concentrate on the other dishes instead of having to watch the main course.
mine has said "shipping label printed" since thursday. throw it on a truck already! can't wait.
i got mine yesterday, but unfortunately it died as soon as i tested it out.  it was working for a few minutes and then nothing.  i sent an email to sansaire and within less than 24 hours a new one is on the way and i have a prepaid label to ship the defective one.  i would just like to say that in the sometime sketchy world of kickstarter, you backed your product and i wanted to personally say thank you!
mine is due by friday. might just go all in and start with 72hr short ribs!
@scott i've noticed a few of my friends that resides in la have received their sansaire and i haven't received a shipping notice as of yet. are these being shipping in batches? i also live in the la area. -danny
still waiting for mine to come (europe) but happy to see everyone so excited. two questions: why do you need to put the meat in a water bath after finishing the sous vide cooking and before storing in the fridge? if it's vacuum sealed and pasteurized, where could the bacteria show up? do i need to buy a specific container for food purpose or can i get one of those ikea plastic boxes? then again, if the food is sealed and the water doesn't get contact into food, the container shouldn't make any difference. please, help me out ;) anxiously waiting :)
received mine 2/15 and promptly made eggs 149f for 1 hour, even my kids loved them. yolks were at perfection. time to buy some steaks.
just got mine....purring like a kitty...playing with it next week with some sweet breads and egg yolk
i got mine this morning; after getting the notice yesterday that it would be delivered today, i had made sure to pick up a steak when i was out shopping this morning. it is the first steak i've made at home that was cooked evenly -- and correctly -- all the way through, and i plan to go out tomorrow for some salmon to try it with fish. i can see this becoming my preferred way of preparing meat, and i intend to experiment with veggies and eggs and other recipes to expand my repertoire.
good timing! i just received mine here in los angeles, the doorbell rang about 30 minutes after i got back from the kitchen supply store to pick up a 4.75 gallon cambro. let the sous viding begin! it's like christmas in february. :)
just got mine las vegas (henderson, to be exact). unfortunately, i work third shift and was just going to bed when the mail carrier knocked on my door. of course i did unbox it and plug it in so i could admire the lovely kickstarter green display. but tomorrow, when i get home from work, i will dazzle my wife with some 63° eggs for breakfast.
i just received mine!  i live by los angeles... heating it up for eggs as we speak!
@jonathan grenier thanks for the heads up.  i did not realize that.  cheers.
@max porterfield, i'm also hoping for an update for canada but in our cases we'll never get an invoice since we backed on kickstarter. invoices are only for pre-orders on their site.
shipping notice received should be here ( miami)by 02/18  anxiously awaiting and salivating with the mise en place ready.
i hope an update for the ex-pats in canada is in order.  it was noted on the sansaire site a number of weeks ago that canadian orders would be receiving an invoice that week.  i have not receive one as of yet.
@dizasta - great idea! scott would this be something we could get? thanks so much for everything youve done on this project!
got my shipping notice, the ups site says it's already in las vegas and i may get it as early as tomorrow! i've already got some eggs in the fridge, now i'll go on serious eats and look up some recipes. i'm salivating in anticipation.
shipping notice received!  anxiously awaiting.
hi, got mine and already cooking. is there any chance we can a cross section (at the clip pivot point) template for container lid cutting? i have a couple of containers that i use and would like to cut the lid (neatly). it would help if you provided some pdf templates that we could print out and use for cutting assistance.
same here. order 2914 for me! can't wait.
got my ship notice too! cant wait!!!
your sansaire order has shipped! (order ks 2116) sansaire info@sansaire.com via shipwire.com greetings, we thought you'd like to know that we shipped your items, and that this completes your order.  thanks for shopping with us, and we hope to see you again soon. your order was shipped via ups surepost, and is estimated to arrive february 17, 2014 - february 21, 2014. the following item was included in this shipment: 1 x sansaire 110v green towel b-type cord (sa307us-t-grn-b)
just received my shipping confirmation. looks like us orders are heading out!
it appears that la is releasing the hounds - i received a shipping notice from ups (smartpost).  looking forward to pairing the sansaire with my svs!
hi scott, that's great news. i get that it's an uncertain time frame, i'm just hoping that when they go out you'll make an announcement here so we'll know if we haven't gotten the email by that time that there's a problem.
any news on the canadian container?
@russell any moment now. the units are being checked into our warehouse in los angeles, and we expect them to begin shipping as soon as tomorrow, but perhaps as late as a few days from today. since this is our first time processing this much inventory into the warehouse, it's tough for us to estimate exactly how fast it will go. but, as soon as your order is ready to ship, you'll get an email with tracking info.  we are big fans of stalking your delivery via the tracking page :-)
any update on when you expect to start shipping the us units to the backers?
some persons in the apac region are going to be enjoying some nice valentine's day dinners.
i received my sansaire in hong kong and loving it.  watching the temperature increase on the led  is so satisfying! i'm new to sous vide, always wanted to try it but never found the circulator that was both functional and reasonably priced until scott came up with the brilliant sansaire.  i think there are a few backers from hong kong so i've created a fb page to exchange sous vide ideas at https://www.facebook.com/pages/sous-vide-hong-kong/242692269236996 (not sure if posting links is allowed)
it has been a fun and massive undertaking delivering units to our thousands of backer. units from hong kong have been sent out and most have arrived. up this week are us and south american backers! the us shipment arrived last week and passed through port without a problem. we're starting slow with final shipments to make sure we have the hang of it but by the end of the week all units will be out the door. keep an eye on those inboxes for tracking numbers. @luis: the minimum fill line is 7.5 cm (3in) above the base and the maximum fill line is 16cm (6.5in) above the base. a 16cm (6.5in) tall pot is ideal for most applications—especially for one person. for larger events, a 30cm (~12in) deep pot will work wonderfully-- though you may want to invest in tongs to retrieve your food. @steven: the way ping pong balls work is great. lids simply trap vapor while balls limit vapor from even forming. they do this by reducing the surface area of the water exposed to air. less water-air contact means fewer places for water to turn into vapor. one layer is all you need, you don’t even need to cover the whole surface to get a benefit, and they get out of the way when you put food in and take food out… how cool is that! @hector: you are absolutely correct. all ks backer rewards are set to ship. that note was meant only for preorders from our site. we have too many skus to list but yours will be sa307us-t-grn-b denoting a us unit, with towel, green display, and type b (standard us three prong) cord. @andrew: sorry to get back to you so late. let’s continue communicating over email to address the issue.
scott, or anybody who already has their sansaire, what's the minimum container height for the clip to work? confronted with the choice fo 16 or 30cm deep, i went for the latter, but it looks quite massive now, especially if cooking mainly for one... also, any first impressions for people who have theirs?
@scott - i've just got mine as well. took some time for the domestic courier it seems. thanks!
meh.  this ain't exactly megacorp with a quality control group the size of a small army.  one would expect a hiccup or two in this first round of distribution. the fact the sansaires are here, they're shipping, and there's a commitment to making any deficiencies right is all i need.
"united states: our shipment arrived at the port in los angeles on 2/4 and cleared customs on 2/6. it will take a few days to enter our los angeles warehouse and be processed into inventory. however, once that happens, we’ll immediately begin shipping out orders. if you haven’t already, you’ll soon receive your final order invoice, which includes applicable shipping and taxes. that invoice contains a link to complete payment for your order, which will expedite getting your order shipped from the warehouse."  --- the last part applies to orders, we,backers, are good. the good news is that is has arrived and has cleared customs today.
you just can't please some people...
i wouldn't call a missing towel a big deal and scott has said that they will ship anything that's missing.  i think they are trying.  they are even eating importation costs for some people. i'll agree that it's nice to be able to produce a product locally when possible.  that brings to the fore a deeper more introspective conversation about what is deemed to be 'acceptable' profits.
after all the apac region shipments out of hk were sent out and backers there have received theirs (more paper work for shipping via dhl thus priority before the cny holidays), i've finally received my sansaire in hk (less than 24 hour turn around from pickup to door). so nice. going to test it with eggs and steak. probably head to shanghai street and look for a container there and a few other cooking accessories this weekend.
hector, even blind freddie knows that! my point is that not every product needs to be made their, and some brilliant products are still made in the first world; it's just that every single product that i have backed that is made in china has had either quality, packaging or fulfilment problems (that's if they arrive at all) cheap has a price.
well, gary, i think that they wanted to be able to make the product but also to make enough of a profit to be able to make it a viable business going forward.
further to my comment of a few days back - i forgot to mention that the towel is missing. this is interesting because i have back 40+ projects and in every case where the product was made in china there have been issues. i prefer to back startups made in the home country of the creature because they are putting heart and soul into the product and the end result is always as promised. don't get me wrong, sansaire is a great product and i am glad to have backed it, it's just that to run off to china to make stuff is exactly why i believe we need kickstarter in the first place - to help the little guy compete against the corporations that make the rules that dictate so much of our lives these days
just got my sansaire and it looks awesome!!!! now to play with it
@scott! i'm in the states so i didn't get my sansaire yet but i'm so excited! i saw a post about using ping pong balls to cover the water to reduce evaporation. how many do you recommend for what surface area? do you have multiple layers of ping pong balls? thanks!
just opened my sansaire and i have no manual and the rear cover will refuses to clip onto the back. i have fiddled with it for over 10 minutes and still can't attach it. any help would be greatly appreciated andrew
would it be possible to see a list of the skus so that in case that we get the wrong one by accident we can let you guys know before opening up the box?
hi all, lots of questions, and we'll try to address them all. no towel, no manual, or wrong power cable?  yikes!  we sincerely apologize, and we're intent on making it right.  all of the sansaires were packed at our factory, and despite our detailed specifications, it sounds like some errors slipped through the cracks.  between the variations in voltage, display color, cord type and towel (which is for kickstarter backers only), we had 39 different sku variations, which each needed to be packed and labeled correctly, then routed to the correct warehouse, then shipped to you.  even though this was complicated, we still should have gotten this right, and we're very sorry for these mistakes.  email us at info@sansaire.com if there's an issue with your unit, and we'll do the best to resolve it as quickly as we can. regarding timing: our east asia, australian and new zealand backers are getting their units first because of their proximity to hong kong, which was our first warehouse to get inventory.  we just heard that the los angeles boat will arrive in port tomorrow, though the uk container has been delayed and now isn't expected at port until 2/19.  so, our us backers should expect to see their shipping notices in the next two weeks.  europe, we're very sorry for the added wait - the boat was delayed leaving china :-( @eden - yes, it's ok for the sansaire to rest on the bottom of the container, though if you push it firmly against the bottom of your pot, and your water level is reasonably low, you may notice that the impeller sucks in a little air.  that won't hurt anything, but it does make the machine run louder.  we find that if the machine is clamped to the side of a pot, it tends to lean backwards just slightly in a way that allows for plenty of water to circulate through. for all others, let us know your experiences with the sansaire! we encourage you to post pics on facebook and twitter (@sansaire), and email us at info@sansaire.com with any questions or concerns.
thanks scott. great quality & look. arrived in melbourne yesterday (with towel). my wife is happy i backed you. did some great eggs - will shop today for more ingredients.
hey scott thanks for the great product. i cooked an amazing steak last night. i have a few questions though... can the unit sit on the bottom of the container? i've noticed that the bottom of the unit has steps in it but is the gap big enough for water flow? how much of a space should there be between the bottom of the unit and the container? thanks again
got mine yesterday, without towel.  already made eggs and salmon!  it looks really good and heats the water up very quickly.  i just used the largest pot we have, but i'm on the lookout for something with more room.  i've seen some people using an esky (cooler) to sous vide in...would this be a good idea for a sous vide container?
got mine yesterday. dhl is pretty quick from hong kong it seems. have already done some eggs at 62.8 degc and some steak last night. mine had all the bits it was meant to, towel, manual, correct plug and i second gary bartlett, looks really good!
has the us container made it to port yet?
a question for the aussie users.  what containers are you using and where did you get them?
mine arrived today in sydney, aus! cooking some eggs tomorrow for breky =d
arrived today in perth, aus. steaks are in! :)
mine arrived!  towel included, but no manual.  a friend received manual but no towel! great looking product, correct power cable!
@jose - you won't be getting a shipping email until the distribution center in the us actually ships it out. it is either still in transit or sitting customs at the port. the apac region ones are receiving them since they shipped out of hk distribution center earlier since it is closer to china factory. i'm in hk and i haven't received my notification before the cny holidays. the distribution center probably sent out all the dhl shipments going out of hk first and will ship the local ones from tomorrow onwards via local courier this week. well, that's what i would expect.
mine arrived in brisbane today too. came with a towel, but also had a european style (i think?) power plug with two round pins. i have an adapter but i think i'll try to find an old computer cable instead.
thanks, hans. already ordered one for $2 from the us but good to know they are available locally.
@cormac. the wall sockets in my kitchen in tokyo have the socket for the ground wire. if you have the older sockets, adapters are available locally, e.g. http://www.amazon.co.jp/sanwa-supply-tap-ad2n-%e5%a4%89%e6%8f%9b%e3%82%a2%e3%83%80%e3%83%97%e3%82%bf-%e3%83%8e%e3%82%a4%e3%82%ba%e3%83%95%e3%82%a3%e3%83%ab%e3%82%bf%e3%83%bc%e4%bb%98/dp/b00008bb13/ref=pd_cp_computers_0
@daniel, mine is also sanstowel. in australia too.
should we have received an email about shipping yet? i'm in the states, and besides the email on the 7th of jan. saying they would be shipping, i haven't been contacted at all about my individual order. i'm guessing the shipping is staggered? or should i be concerned?
received my sansaire half an hour ago, sydney. what a beautiful product...looks as good as an expensive european appliance! wow, can't wait to cook dinner! thank you scott, are sure that you haven't been doing this for ages?
arrived in brisbane, australia this morning! congrats on a successful roll out, and i hope you get a chance now to relax (and cook yourself dinner...?)
received this morning! brisbane, oz. beautiful. from the box it comes in, and all the way through. just one thing though. could be that i'm stunned and blinded by the unpacking experience, but there doesn't seem to be a towel included. is everyone else finding theirs?
arrived this morning! (melbourne, australia)
thanks for clarifying, scott. it's a bit of a buzzkill that it doesn't work out of the box - i have to import the adapter, and i imagine other backers in japan are in the same situation (unless they happen to have one lying around...). no big deal though, looking forward to using it!
@jason we'll get this sorted out shortly. i am emailing you from info@sansaire.com so we can begin troubleshooting. if we can't find a solution we'll send over a replacement. @cormac yes, that is the correct adapter. a hand full of countries (like japan) do not use a ground wire in their wall sockets. that adapter has a nub at the bottom of the connector that you can use to connect the a grounded screw. if you would like assistance in connecting your adapter to ground, contact us at info@sansaire.com.   @lawson polypropylene is a great material for those balls but the ones you found appear to solid. ping pong balls are not polypropylene but they are significantly larger and hollow. still, foil or cling wrap will serve you well. try it out for a while and see how it goes. i think you'll be pleased.
hello, my unit does not power on. i have tried the wire that came along with on other appliances and it works. how should i proceed?
so close! just got notification that my sansaire is clearing customs here in auckland, new zealand ready for delivery tomorrow!
is it strange that i am just as excited to see the towel??? i don't think i have read anything about the towel in quite some time.
@loh wei jie: guess out of hk shipments went first.  how was your eggs in the sansaire?
@stephen chiu: in singapore. it left the hk dhl sorting facility at about 4pm on the 30th of jan, reached singapore at 2am, and was delivered to my home on 31st jan in the evening. was surprised dhl was still delivering on the 31st (1st day of chinese new year).
so, half-inch polypropylene spheres weren't the way to go for me.  i got 100 for $10, but i would need at least 1,000 of them ($100!!!) just to cover the top of that camwear box.  i've read that aluminum foil is just as efficient as buying a lid, so i think i'll stick with that for now.
@loh wei jie - are you in hk or in other purple region country? i haven't received an email notification but i still wouldn't have received delivery today as it's being sent to my office which is closed for the cny long weekend. jealous. yeah, everything is closed for the next few days at my usual quality meat market places.
oh scott, just checking. there was some scotch tape on the back cover. i assume it was meant to be taken off before using the sansaire? ermm i hope it was! oh, and can i say, nice job with the packaging!
got mine! surprised dhl delivered on a public holiday! unfortunately, couldn't get any meat today, so it's gonna be 62.5deg eggs as my first sansaire cooked experience!!
i'm guessing this kind of adapter is all i need to use it here but would be grateful if someone could confirm -  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00166tt3g/ref=ox_ya_os_product
hi, i got my sansaire here in tokyo, but it came with a 3 prong plug which i can't use here (at least not without an adapter of some kind). i selected 'japan' as country for use in the survey. the package states the voltage as '110-120v'. is this standard or have i just received the wrong power cable?
delivery attempt at 11:30am today, here in tokyo. wasn't home unfortunately, will get it tomorrow.
delivery attempt at 11:30am today, here in tokyo. wasn't home unfortunately, will get it tomorrow.
@lawson let me know how the pp spheres they work out for you. @max yes, the vancouver units went out as planned :) now we get so sit back and imagine all those units swaying back and forth on their way to our shores. is the anticipation as agonizing for you as it is for us? @richard, stephen, geoffrey and loh wi jie. let us know when you get your units. our shipment arrived in hong kong ahead of schedule shipped immediately.
did the shipment to vancouver ever go out? would be nice to get an update on that. thanks
whoo hooo. got my shipping notification too! now let's see how long dhl takes to get it to me!!!
yea it just missed it. we can still probably get ours a bit earlier than expected.
no way! i'm waiting for mine in hk. anyways, we are now officially shut down for chinese new year this afternoon for the long weekend. i will prepare for it's arrival some time next week when things return to a regular working week.
got my shipping notification! (australia)
@scott: i ended up getting polypropylene spheres, after finding a website that says they're totally safe. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000fn0msc
fyi - check out tom's new bags for the thriftyvac - coming soon & order now if you got one. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1066541019/thriftyvac/posts
@lawson ping pong balls are a good way to go but by no means the only one. placing a cloth or a piece of cling wrap over the pot is also a good way to reduce evaporation. @altie going for sealing plastic bags, like ziploc brand bags, is the way to start. it works for most sous vide applications, is very easy, and is the cheapest. if you do want to go above and beyond there are vacuum sealers (such as foodsaver sealers) that can be handy if you find yourself cooking sous vide every day for many people.
hi scott!  i'm excited to try your sous vide when it gets here.  i am inexperienced enough about sous vide (except to know its benefits!) that i don't even know what food sealer bags i could use or are recommended.  i'm assuming you can't just use a ziploc?  thanks for any advice!
i'm having a hard enough time convincing my wife sous vide food will be safe to eat.  there's zero chance i could convince her ping pong balls are ok to cook with.  :-)
@henk we're a little biased but we recommend modernist cuisine at home (http://modernistcuisine.com/books/modernist-cuisine-at-home/) for a good sous vide cookbook. it is a little more expensive than others but it has some of the best recipe references. it also has tons of information useful for home cooks. @matt thank you for those canadian references for cambro containers! @jason since you're in singapore we'll be shipping your sansaire from our hong kong warehouse where we assume we ship after chinese new year. chinese new year does not affect any other shipping schedule.
hi, does the shipping estimation include possible delays due to the lunar new year in china and hong kong ?
for those in canada looking for the same container that scott mentioned - http://www.hendrixequip.com/p-2921-cambro-camwear-food-box-clear.aspx they have quite a few locations - http://www.hendrixequip.com/t-hendrixlocations.aspx or http://www.ebay.ca/itm/camwear-12189cw135-clear-4-75-gal-12-x-18-x-9-food-storage-box-/400613296486
hi  the patent case indeed seems to be dismissed, fantastic news! http://litigation.maxval-ip.com/attachments/cd%201%2013-cv-08549_ilnd%20%281%29.htm 01/08/2014 notice of voluntary dismissal by preston industries, inc. with prejudice (rigg, robert) (entered: 01/08/2014) thanks        i am eagerly awaiting my unit can you recommend a good book about sous vide cooking greetngs henk van dam
@jk i recommend this one: http://www.amazon.com/cambro-12189cw-135-camwear-gallon-storage/dp/b00adpf9v2/ref=sr_1_3… 4.75 gallons is a great size for home use, and this container has lived on my counter top for 3 years so far! @lawson - we're looking into it!  however, i've switched from using a lid to floating ping pong balls on top of my water bath.  they're pretty effective at reducing evaporation, but i can reach straight through with tongs to add or remove bags of food.
i'd definitely be interested in purchasing a camwear box with a lid custom cut for the sansaire.
scott, what size camwear box do you recommend?
when i got my foodsaver (years and years ago), the manual suggested freezing soups in it, then placing in boiling water (in the foodsaver bag) to thaw later.   the sansaire maxes out at 100c, so i wouldn't think there would be an issue... even a well done steak shouldn't get over 74 degrees c.
hi. anybody got some tips on what bags or rolls to use when cooking sous vide? i got a foodsaver but i think those bags that came with aren't safe to cook with. thanks.
@richard we eventually want to produce and sell sansaire-specific accessories, but right now we're keeping our focus on getting the machines finished and out to all of our backers. regarding the choice of container, the de-facto sous vide container is the cambro food storage container.  specifically, the camwear box, which is made of polycarbonate.
yikes! 7,000 units
@ johan: thanks! i'll take a look. i agree with the box vs bag, but figured since i have to buy one anyway... need to look for bags too, i imagine i'll find suitable zip lock bags in a supermarket though, but still haven't checked..
@ luis: bauhaus and clasohlson both sell plastic containers in various sizes and made out of a couple of different materias. they are safe for food storage (stamped with the knife and fork symbol), but i don't know if that means they are suitable to cook in. personally i wouldn't worry too much about the plastic in the container, it's the bag you want to worry about.
totally awesome to see scott's tweet a few minutes ago of all the units boxed up on pallets: https://twitter.com/seattlefoodgeek/status/421321283402346496
as there seem to be plenty of swedes, any stockholmers have any suggestions of where to find a (safe) plastic container to cook in? i want to be prepared when the sansaire arrives. ikea ones are polypropylene (which i thought was not recommended) and Ålhens has some on their website, but doesn't say what it's made of, and seemingly out of stock everywhere anyway... thanks!
hopefully the controls have been fixed up.  in the seriouseats article... kenji mentioned this "the dial is intuitive though the resolution of adjustment is very sensitive, making it a little tough to hit the exact temperature you want. i felt like i was turning the shower knob where the difference between too hot and too cold was only a hair's width."
@ scott- congrats on being back on track.  now that things are moving forward, any idea on accessories that you guys will be selling (custom cambro lid covers, etc) and when they will be on sale? thanks!
as long as we backers get our sansaires for the $179, $199, $399 (steaks included) that we pledged then we don't really need to know what exactly is the reason for the dismissal.  sure it would be nice to know, but we don't really need to know, imo.
all i have to say is with all this extra time on your hands i expect my special instructions to be carried out mighty finely.
yay!  well done scott!  let's all be glad that the hovering clouds have lifted and our sansaires are on track.  can't wait to play with mine when it gets here.
very happy to hear that the january 30th, 2014 ship date is still on target. @alan claver - the only thing that magically dismisses lawsuits, other than them being ridiculously merit-less, is money. i'm sure this was "settled" out of court and preston industries agreed to dismiss the suit.
@joshua: see oct 19 comment from scott: "we said we're covering duty and taxes and we aim to deliver. too many international backers end up paying exorbitant added costs. "
@joshua hill:  i could've sworn that there was a promise to reimburse import duties and the like to kickstarter backers as a perq. i would've guessed that covered canada as well. (although i don't see the comment or update, and maybe i'm imaging things.) @alan claver:  i'm assuming there was a confidentiality provision as part of the settlement. i'm guessing if you knew the contents of it, you'd be "very unhappy" as i would guess it includes some type of licensing/royalty. personally, i don't care and don't see why it's any of our business. should we also get updates if some component is more expensive than they anticipated? seems unnecessary. after all, we're getting the item we funded.
i'm glad this is resolved. however i do think the backers deserve a bit more information as to the reasons why the lawsuit is going to be dismissed.  i would be very unhappy if, for example any of the funds were used as a payoff.  or if the financial burdens if any might impact the future health of the company. after all, we've funded the company.
in the most recent update you talked about covering vat import for eu users. any thought about doing the same for any backers in canada?
awesome news in the update guys. great job.
sorry to butt in, but i have to point out that when scott, who is, you know, running the whole show, knows all the details of the lawsuit, manufacture, etc, says that he doesn't know of a reason why they might miss the ship date, then your belief that they will miss that deadline is, in fact, unjustifiable, and simply worry. in other words: - scott knows what's going on. - scott says they don't expect to miss the deadline, even with the lawsuit. - 30th jan is when scott, who knows all the relevant details, expects to start shipping. so, given that it's literally impossible for you to know more about this than scott, since he has all the details, and you don't, you really can't justify your belief that they'll miss the deadline. tl;dr: chill out. scott says it's going to be fine. if it wasn't, he'd have already started warning everyone.
i am still left wondering why you can't do an update that says exactly what you said a week ago; namely, that there is a lawsuit, you cannot reveal details, and you do not anticipate this impacting the 1/30/14 ship date. all you are doing is leading to speculation and fear, and many of us following this situation justifiably believe that there is no way you will make the 1/30 ship date.
happy new years! 30days to go
@enzo that's a clever thought, but unfortunately it would create a food safety risk.  if your food sits for an extended period near room temperature (not too warm, not too cold) those conditions increase the likelihood of bacterial growth that can make you sick, or at a minimum, promote the spoilage of the food.  that's why your food should always go directly from safe storage (ex. refrigerator or freezer) directly into a pre-heated water bath to minimize the time it spends in the "danger zone" range of temperatures.  similarly, after cooking sous vide, if you plan to refrigerate or freeze your food, we recommend chilling it as quickly as possible in an ice bath (which chills via conduction), rather than placing it in the refrigerator or freezer where it will cool more slowly (via air convection). this also happens to be the same reason that we intentionally left a countdown timer off of the sansaire.  for almost all foods, if they remain at the target temperature longer than necessary, nothing bad will happen.  however, if the sansaire were to shut itself off and allow the bath temperature to drift towards room temperature, the food would become increasingly riskier to eat. i hope this explains our design decision - we're looking out for your health :-)
serious eats tested the anova, the sansaire, and nomiku. http://www.seriouseats.com/2013/12/sous-vide-circulator-review-sansaire-nomiku-anova.html
hey scott,  i am still happy that i have backed the project.   after watching a bunch of different cooking videos with sous vide, i am curious about the choice to not have some sort of start delay.  being able to put eggs in the bath the night before and have them ready for breakfast would be amazing.
i'm a bit skeptical that january 30 is doable... not that i'm upset about it. it's just that i can't see the retooling and manufacturing taking place within the next 30 days
@nick kinnan actually, the sansaire will work in this type of "heat exchanger" scenario.  however, because heat exchangers are less efficient at transferring energy than the submerged heating coils, your heating times will be longer, as will the period of temperature fluctuations in your external basin.  this is actually the setup we recommend for homebrewers looking for a way to heat (and chill) wort.  it won't be as efficient or precise as directly immersed coils, but it should still be a viable strategy.
hi all, as soon as we have detailed news that we're able to share, we'll post it in a big, through, unmissable update.  unfortunately, we're not quite ready yet. as you know, we're somewhat limited in the updates we can share with regard to the complaint filed by preston industries.  this isn't because we want to keep that information from all of you - it's just the nature of a discussion like this one.  however, as i mentioned previously, we continue to have frequent, friendly conversations.  as of today, we don't have any information that would lead us to believe we'll miss our current shipping target of january 30th. i know that the lack of details about the situation is creating some anxiety.  we totally get that.  you've generously trusted us to make good on a promise, and now you're worried when (and if) that will happen.  but, i implore you to resist the temptation to speculate on the details, positions, outcomes, or impacts of our current situation.  we're on it, and although this is a situation we take seriously, we're not freaking out.  we will deliver on our promises, and we believe the situation will reach a resolution soon. we can't wait until we can share a detailed update with all of our backers that addresses your concerns in detail, but in the meantime, we are so deeply appreciative of your continued patience!
i trust scott's assurances that things can be worked out and will be ok.  there's no basis for damages of any magnitude near what has been raised.  worst case is an injunction that says stop... which would lead to some sort of refund of the dough not yet spent, hopefully.
oops...i meant "the product that ultimately lands in customers' hands" below.
would it be reasonable to assume that the worst-case scenario is a redesign of the device to avoid patent infringement?  the other device makers who aren't getting sued don't utilize polycarbonate clamshell housings, which seems to be the key distinction, and also seems easy to engineer around.  better that this came up before manufacturing started.  i'm not an attorney, but i can't see how preston industries can claim damages if the customer that ultimately lands in customers' hands doesn't violate that patent.  and that is assuming this isn't a bad patent in the first place.
merry christmas everyone! i'm staying positive until scotts telling us something else.
eric: i have.  have you? while i certainly understand that mr. heimendinger and modernchef cannot disclose the details of the negotiations preston industries, not alerting the backers to the very existence of the lawsuit is, in your words, "it's just bad form."  alerting other backers to the possibility of very real outcomes, isn't.  preston industries is asking for money.  they're asking for their interest (basically the money that they feel this product is taking from them), attorney's fees, and punitive damages. money that *we've* provided.  yes, money that you pledged to this product is now being used to fight a patent lawsuit, not produce a product.  when the money we've provided is exhausted or the sum awarded is more than mr. heimendinger can provide preston industries out of our funds, the possibility that the sansaire will never be delivered is very real.  these types of risks are why venture capitalists insist on such large returns on the money they invest in projects. the only return we're getting, other than the product itself, is free shipping, which i'm sure others will get from amazon or the like if this ever comes to market. at least those who pre-ordered have the option of cancelling their orders. which is another issue i have with the way this project has been handled.
i don't get it a law suit ?? there is other similar products in the market even here in kickstarter there is a project that was successful and all the backers already cooking whit it and no law suit  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nomiku/nomiku-bring-sous-vide-into-your-kitchen…
grant: have you even read the law suit? or are you just trying to rile everyone up because you yourself are worried? i mean we do not really have anything to gain by spreading rumors about production, delivery dates as well as creating a picture of them not caring about the backers. it's just bad form. neil: afaik the claim is only made against modernchef.
is it just sansaire that's the target of the lawsuit or does it include the other similar sous vide circulators?
a lawsuit that could potentially *cease* its production, not just delay it?  yeah.  that should have been an update, not a comment from a backer.  why would you worry about pissing off the backers at this point?  it's not like we can get our money back.  just keep us updated. as far as production goes, it won't go into production until this is settled.  which, won't be by the end of this january.  i'll be surprised if we get it by the end of january 2015.
i agree with you... they probably should have been proactive about it and mentioned it from the get-go that the lawsuit came up and tell us that it won't or shouldnt impact production.
i get that, but if there is something important going on with a project i backed, i shouldn't have to go to the comments obsessively to catch the update. better to tell folks it isn't happening and that there won't be an impact instead of things going the other way and suddenly there is impact and you never even mentioned it.
deborah, while i understand your concern, i think that they probably think (1) that it will not negatively impact delivery in late january/early february,(2) that they don't want people to go "guano" because of that being dealt with in a "update 13"
sort of thinking the lawsuit should have been a major update not a comment.
i wonder how long it'll take for the legal fees to run through what's left of the us$800,000.00 sansaire raised...
seriously?  a patent lawsuit?  maybe by next christmas if at all...  the backers are boned.
@ alan... don't scare us even more. let's have some hope for the next few weeks. manufacturing has got to start soon is they have any hope of meeting the timeline.
(referring to my previous question: of course this wouldn't be an issue with cooking, i'm just thinking of "hacking" applications)
scott, thanks for the response.  to clarify, i asked my question about where the temperature is measured with an eye towards possibly re-purposing my machine for something like a closed loop heating coil which would heat a separate reservoir via a coil attached to the pump output.  from your response it sounds like the logic which you use for temperature control would not be compatible with this kind of application.  to confirm, you measure temperature at the pump input side and may "overshoot" on the output in order to bring the bath up to temperature quickly, while relying on the output jet to quickly dissipate any over-temperature on the output throughout the bath.  so the output may be over-temp compared to the set point?  sorry to get so technical.
uh oh. "we take this very seriously" is industry speak for "you're screwed sucker". wonder if i can write this off as a bad debt on my taxes?
hi all, as i mentioned in the previous post, we can't share many details about the situation with polyscience.  however, i can say that we continue to have frequent and amicable communication, and that we're working very hard to find a resolution.  as of right now, we don't have any information that would alter our anticipated shipping date of 1/30/13, but we'll post an update if that changes.  again, we're sorry to be tight-lipped about the situation, but we hope you understand that it's out of necessity for this process to be successful. @nick great question!  we've designed, programmed and calibrated the sansaire so that the set temperature is the temperature throughout the entire water bath.  that is to say, if you set the sansaire to 60c, you can put a thermometer in the far corner of your water bath and it will read 60c. however, all water baths will experience _some_ variability if you measure the temperature in different spots, but due to our high rate of circulation, that variability is generally less than 1 degree.  note, though, that the variability throughout the bath is largely a function of the type and shape of your container, and how full it is.  the more room there is for water to flow, the more even the temperature will be throughout the bath.
i didn't think to ask this before, but are you measuring the water temperature before the heater, after the heater, or both?  the reason i ask is that i wonder if the water output temperature, post-heater, will ever be at a higher temperature than the "set" temperature (for example, if the bath is far below the set temperature, in order to get the whole bath up to temperature more quickly?)  or is the output temperature regulated to exactly match the set temperature (which may cause the whole water bath to heat more slowly, but would never expose any water bath area - like that immediately adjacent to the water output - to a higher-than-set temperature?)
is the european version (220v) hit by the patent lawsuit, or patent is not valid for europe or the rest of the world?
is the polyscience law suit going to delay commercial availability past jan30th?
@guy actually when i google the patent it says it was filed the 3rd of february so just 2 days after the post in seattle food geek.
@daniel yes, that was the point i was trying to make ;)
ummm, guy?.... that link you provided is this very scott.  the very reason i backed this kickstarter.  i really hope that any legal issues blow over quickly!
that patent was filed on march 2nd, 2010. interestingly enough, someone made - including descriptive and illustrated directions! - of how to make a circulator, with housing/display/etc just over a month prior... http://seattlefoodgeek.com/2010/02/diy-sous-vide-heating-immersion-circulator-for-about-75/ i'm not a lawyer, but that seems like some prior art to me.
@hector - temperature stabilization is looking great.  we're still bench-testing under different scenarios, but it looks like we'll be just fine for 0.1c under normal usage. @philip - i had a chance to test an early prototype of the searzall and thought it was very innovative.  i could certainly see myself using a device like this at home. @chrisdavis, alan, welmoed - i know this will be frustrating, but we can't really chime in on the complaint that you reference below from polyscience.  i can say that there's an active and amicable conversation taking place, and that this should not cause any alarm for our backers.  i can also say that, as frightful as the referenced document sounds, it's mostly boilerplate .  it sounds much more grave than it is, but in reality, it's a pretty standard cease and desist when a patent is involved. it's very common for new products to encounter these types of challenges, and we're working diligently to resolve this quickly and efficiently.  we can't discuss the details, and we can't comment on speculation.  we realize this doesn't give you much comfort, but we hope you understand that we're taking that stance not to be secretive, but because we must.  i can say this, though: although we take this matter very seriously, we're not freaking out, and we (and those advising us) feel very optimistic for a speedy and favorable outcome.
please update your backers about the polyscience lawsuit. i hope i haven't just flushed $200 down the drain.
the issue of the polyscience law suit needs an immediate comment to the backers.
@ creator,  is polyscience suing you guys over sansaire?  i read this on egullet but haven't heard anything official.  http://www.scribd.com/doc/187917748/preston-industries-v-modernchef
@creator, care to comment on this torch attachment ? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1708738346/the-searzall…
how's the temperature stabilization coming along? 0.1c? :-d
@geo verna: feel free to email us at info@sansiare.com with your updated shipping address.
how do i change my shipping address?
lol @chrisdavis yea i know but i think they'll be done before that they did a lot of the preliminary work before hand...and i'll be highly pissed if that's the case.
@ sherrick woodside - first time manufacturers always have problems - i won't be surprised if actual shipping goes into late next year just like nomiku that took a year plus.  i'll wait for a retail version after all the qc problems get worked out.
keep at it.  looking forward to a well engineered device when it does get here.
i need to change my shipping address, where would i do that?
though i am disappointed with the delay, i respect your intolerance for sub-standard quality, and anxiously await a quality device.  thanks for putting performance above profit.
what exactly is the detachable back housing that's causing a 60day delay "two months"? and i'm fine with waiting experienced kickstarters knew from the beginning that your time frame was very unrealistic even though you suggested otherwise. very disappointed but at least get it right...two months sounds like a lot for retooling a 'detachable back housing though'
is there an update on shipping of just the towels?
its been several weeks since there was an update and i am still really looking forward to getting my unit.  can you give us a heads up even if its only "things are proceeding as planned"?  are the first shipments on-track to go out within the next two weeks (end of november)?  thanks!
almost halfway of november, hope it's all going well over there :d
hmm...  the jar in a bath technique is interesting, but not what i was expecting.  i'm still sorta wondering about the workability of the tubing and copper coil technique.  the drawings in the manual seem to show that the circulation is by a little propeller churning water downwards in conjunction  with a hole in the side of the housing.  my hydrodynamics is a bit rusty, but isn't it going to be tough getting the randomly churned water inside the housing to want to flow out the hole with enough directed force to fill a length of tubing?  or do we have to use a siphon technique to get the heated water into tube system and a pump to get it back into the heated vessel?
scottm just fyi that www.sansaire.com still has a nov 18th projected release date for pre-orders.  may want to update that :-)
where are these being made exactly? i am in china and would love to stop by and see you guys.
@eric yes, the etl certification applies to both eu and north america.  so, this is good news for all territories!
it's nice to see that everything is coming along nicely! is the etl-progress related to eu as well as north america?
loved the update, especially reading about the numbers from which countries ordered.  i really appreciate your quick response time to all the questions i had and your continued consistent updates and responses. looking forward to receiving my sansaire.
thank you all for your patience. we're writing a lengthy update to bring you all up to speed. as a teaser i'll say certification is going well. we've made it past 'pre-certification' and are arranging a small run. more on that in the next update :) @aleksander: the turn-around time for making the towels is the shortest of all our task so they have taken a back seat. we'll be able to dedicate more time when we pass certification. @machael @chris: thank you for prodding us! @chris: ah, that's right! by adding attaching a tube to the pump output you're able to direct the flow of water better. certification has not changed that. i'll take a picture of a setup i use so you can see it in action.
would love to hear tales of the certification process.  sounds like you're busy making stuff happen over there, so fingers crossed we'll hit the target shipping timing. while we're waiting, you were going to tell us how we could hook up tubing to the sansaire and use it to push temp controlled liquid through a heat exchanger.  has certification required any modifications that would alter that possibility?
so, uh, how's certification going? how's things at sansaire hq coming along? *tries not to seem overeager*
scott: will the pre-ordered items be shipped separately from the kickstarter units? (considering tax on the preordered items is non-refundable)
@scott: any timeline on the design for the towel?
@knut, @marco, @casper, @madalena, @nick, @brad, @luis: thank you all for information about your countries. lois is right. we said we're covering duty and taxes and we aim to deliver. too many international backers end up paying exorbitant added costs. @madalena: different counties within europe have different duties and tax procedure. for some we'll be able to put label as a gift, some we'll have to assign a value. for some we'll be able to directly accept charges and others we'll have to issue rebates. it's an accounting nightmare but we're dedicated to getting it all straightened out. @michael: unfortunately reimbursement is only for kickstarter backed units.
@brad maybe because they said they would? for me, it was the reason for getting this now instead of waiting (or going for the anova) - basically it was a backer's discount.
you should know that anything you purchase overseas incurs a vat charge. why should the "vendor" absorb those charges? if you buy online you should accept that you pay vat.  or you could move to australia... :)
well, i for one applaud your openness regarding vat fees and such. i live in sweden, and pretty much every second kickstarter delivery has been subject to vat and customs fees. some packages manage to find their way though, and they are usually marked as gifts with a significantly lower value. but that of course means that they are insured for that lower value, which isn't really a good idea for anyone. the vat over here is 25% and customs charge around 4% extra - or the equivalent of $15 in most cases - so i really appreciate that you keep the original promise regarding the fees. if nothing else, it will encourage me to support future projects you set up, and also spread the word. i am looking forward to the sansaire and think that you guys are doing a great job so far. keep it up!
hi scott, does this reibursement policy also apply to additional items pre-ordered after the kickstarter campaign ended?
sample doesn't work either in portugal...they always ask for the invoice that must be well stated on package or else the stuff only goes out with a of proof of payment (paypal,credit card extract,bank transfer etc)and vat at 23% and all other extra taxes they can remembre including fees for deposit waiting to be clearead...and all this from stuf arriving through regular mail because through fedex  is better to forget it...taxes and other absurd fees they charge raise the price for the triple of what we have paid !so a commercial invoice with a low value must be added to shipping sansaire here...i was relaxed thinking it will be sent like stuff  are sent through amazon.com (they calculate the import fees previously and we receive merchandise without delays or worries) i'm very disapointed because i thought this was clearead from start !!!if this won't be well manage a lot of headaches are approaching for eu pledgers
"sample" should work in norway.. on a sunny day.
"sample" should work in norway.. on a sunny day.
@scott and gryphonent and patrik: i think i agree with gryphonent. here in italy we are supposed to pay customs and vat (now 22%) for the product. but in reality this is not a purchase of an item, just like it could be buying on ebay or amazon in us. we did a pledge to finance the sansaire kickstarter and get as reward the final product. i suppose a reward should have $0 price because i don't want to pay taxes for the financing of the project. different if you buy another one with paypal or similar. scott how do you see this? by the way i pledged galileo for iphone and, if i remember well, the value on the box was zero, or it was said gift or sample or similar, and i didn't pay anything more.
thank you scott for clearing this out. it's no problem for me to pay for customs and then get it back from you.
@luis and knut: "of" is more accurate. we found it is not possible for the customs and vat fees to be charged directly. that means we cannot avoid international backers paying those fees. to stay true to our promise we are setting up a way for you to be reimbursed. we'll send out all the details a few weeks before we ship.
just to remind you of what bjørn was told by sansaire on the 1. sept: we're working closely with an experienced international logistics company to manage the taxes, customs and import fees worldwide. we're prepared to eat those fees for our international kickstarter backers
scott, do you meant the burden 'on' or 'of' the international backers? it sounds from this like customs/import taxes will be our responsibility, while i thought that the $220 covered everything. could you clarify this?
@nick: thank you for the suggestion. if we continue to make the same progress and impact on the community, a second version would be fabulous! @michael: the great thing about sous vide is that it can be used to make almost any conventional recipe shine by simply cooking the meat better. here's a video by a modernist cuisine chef cooking a turkey breast:  http://vimeo.com/32228874 here's how tyson used it to make a modernist version of thanksgiving dish: http://modernistcuisine.com/recipes/thanksgiving-stew-2/ there is no need to make your dinner so fancy. this is just to show how versatile sous vide can be :) @brenden: aleksander is correct. the maximum water volume for the sansaire is 6 gallons, or about 23 liters. thank you aleksander for jumping in. @gryphonent and patrik: currently we are looking into ways we can minimize the burdens on our international backers. one possibility is to put a value that is closer to the manufacturing cost of goods as opposed to what will be the retail cost of goods. that way the shipment will reflect the value of good for insurance reasons (patrik's concern) while keep costs lower (gryphonent's concern). we are still searching for the right balance. @alex: thank you! it is fantastic seeing the industry start to change. i can't wait to see what comes out of this. a surge in affordable chamber vacuum sealers may be next.
seems like anova dropped the price to $199, as well as polyscience discovery model on preorder for $299. looks like you lit a fire under these guys. good job scott!!. now about that chamber vacuum....
gryphonent: i do not agree that stating a nominal value of $50 or less is a always a good idea. i understand your wish to escape import sales tax but the value stated on the package is also the value the goods are insured for. if something happens to the package during transport then the value paid pack from the shipping company will only be maximum that. it is a double edged sword ofc but some of us might buy this for a business here in europe and we couldnt care less about import sales tax but a whole lot more about our goods beeing insured... just wanted to point out that it isnt neccesarily as simple as you put it.
scott, please make sure that the invoice is attached on the outside if the package for international backers and is made out to a nominal value of no more than usd 50!!! i've to deal with yet another kickstarter at the moment where the invoice wasn't attached to the outside of the package, only a mere statement about the value. this doesn't suffice! so i'm off to customs now with proof of payment and order confirmation, most likely paying another €40 to get the package in my hands!!!! so, please do your homework for int'l shipping, especially to europe... it isn't rocket science and will be appreciated by all.
up to twenty liters
what is the minimum/maximum volume of water needed for operation? (i'm wondering how big a container i can use this is) thanks
a quick check on the turkey and the general thought (m. voltaggio, polyscience, etc) is to cut up the turkey and bag sections. then start cooking thighs them add wings and breasts later so they all finish at the same time.
middle of november, hmm... anybody have a good sous vide turkey recipe?
with the success you've achieved already, i wonder if a v2 might be possible at some point?  if so i would second matthew's request for variable / reversible flow.  this could be a nice feature if you can integrate it cleanly with your (prudently spartan) user interface design. looking forward to the updates and thanks for the response.
@alex and nick: feedback from our testing agency has started to come back and it looks good. they have only asked for small changes to the manual and the box design. its kept us busy but our schedule has not changed. we are still targeting mid-november shipment. as soon as we have a little more feedback from them we'll write a thorough update. @matthey: it certainly would be desirable to change pump direction or even just slow down. however the motor we are using rotates in one direction. we had to choose between longevity and variation in speed/direction when deciding on a motor. we went for longevity.
scott, can you keep us updated on anticipated ship date?  is there a ballpark estimate?  i'm pretty excited to try this out.
i'm a $199 backer but never got a coupon via email so i could pre-order the second one.  is there a way to correct this?  thanks,
will the sansaire have the option to reverse the flow of water through the pump? allowing for a less turbulent bath? this would be very useful for foods like eggs which you don't want disturbed or knocked around.
any update on the certification process?
thanks for the answer scott. from the videos, it looks like the wavelength looks like "ultra blue" i.e. a blue on the verge of purple. i guess as long as the intensity is kept under wraps the color won't matter as much.  i know that electronics with blue leds have a tendency to really 'light up the night' if they are not kept under check.
@rita: if you are able to find a rack that fits your container, you may find it useful. however, most of the time your food will sit near the bottom or right under the water level by itself. and as long as you don't crowd your bath, the pump should keep water flowing consistently around your food.  @hector: i don't know the wavelength or intensity values but i am acutely aware of how bright leds can get. the intensity we are targeting is on the low side so that it is visible in daylight but less intense than a nightlight at night. @mike: thank you mike! teantae is correct. the max temperature is 100c (212f). the water submersion level is 3 to 6.5 inches. the max height is essentially the height of a medium sized pot and the minimum is least amount of water you can use to submerge the smallest food item.
@mike "you can set any cooking temperature between 0c (32f) and 100c (212f) in increments of 0.1 degrees." as for the min/max, i didn't see anything specifically listed but they did state that the sansaire will shut off if the water gets too low.
may have been answered in a video - sorry - but what's the max set temp for the circulator? can it hold hot enough to do traditional poaching (provided that only water is circulating through the pump, don't want to get food in there)? also, it looked like it, but is there a minimum (and maximum?) water level line for the circulator marked on the device? very excited...
@phillip - much appreciated!
@rita - found this one. could not find a size. http://www.sousvidesupreme.com/shop_online/accessories/sousvide_supreme_universal_pouch_rack/product.aspx…;
any idea on the wavelengths of the blue leds and the green leds and their luminous intensity?  i'm more partial to the look of the blue leds, but i am a bit concerned about brightness in the eyes that i am sure most of us techie folks have experienced and had to put electrical tape over.
@scott that works for me!
i may have missed a prior explanation for this, but would it be desirable to have an accessory rack that separates our vacuum-packed foods and holds them under water?
@teante - we aren't planning to include a printed recipe booklet, but we will have lots of sous vide recipes on sansaire.com! that way, we can explain techniques using big, beautiful images and video, instead of being confined to the constraints of a printed booklet. @alchu - unfortunately, the heating element and motor will not be user-replaceable due to the risks associated with running an electrical device over an open bath of water. beyond the 1 year warranty, we haven't yet determined if we'll provide a reconditioning service.  however, thank you for raising this point to our attention - this is something we'll look into.  check for updates on sansaire.com.
i understand that sansaire come with 1year warranty. what about support beyond that? are you planning so sell some spare parts for it? i figured heating element and water pump gonna be the most prone to fault parts and i am hoping would be easily user replaceable.
easy one. along with all of the technical documentation coming with our sansaires, will there be a little cookbook/recipe booklet? :-)
that's the kind of answer i was hoping for!
@chris no db measurements from the sansaire yet - we need to find a more sensitive microphone! @alex - there's a significant difference between a cooking time and a pasteurization time.  in fact, most steak cooked by traditional methods doesn't come close to pasteurization (see: steak tartare).  with red meat, most of the food-borne illness risk is related to surface contamination - bacteria or pathogens that came into contact with the cut surface of the meat. if there were nasty things in the interior of the meat, the live animal's immune system would take care of them, or the animal would have appeared sick at slaughter.  both traditional cooking and sous vide solve this problem through the searing step, which gets the surface hot enough to pasteurize it in a few seconds. so, with red meat, the time you really care about is how long it takes for the heat to diffuse and equilibrate throughout the meat. for some poultry, we do recommend holding to pasteurize, particularly if you're feeding someone who is at higher risk for illness (immunocompromised, very young, very old, pregnant). the pasteurization holding time depends on the cooking temperature, but has little impact on the final texture of the meat.  in fact, at slightly higher temperatures and with a little fat added to the bag, this is my favorite way to produce a confit from duck, turkey or chicken dark meat!
i'm hoping someone can explain this, i see lots of times quoted for 45 mins or so for good steaks, but having a look at douglas baldwin's references, it seems like closer to 2 hours is the safe amount of time for the lower temperatures. he goes by pasturisation, so i'm guessing that the old fashioned steak on a grill doesn't achieve that anyway?
the eg anova thread is buzzing with observations about how noisy that device is.  any db measures on what an operating sansaire produces?
@james - a 1-inch steak will take 45-60 minutes to cook through to core temperature. but, you can leave it in the sous vide bath for 4 hours longer before you'll start to notice a difference in texture. however, if you are also using enzymatic tenderizers, like papain powder or pineapple juice, the tenderizers will do a little _too_ much work and produce a mushy result. tougher cuts, like short ribs and brisket benefit from very long cooking times. in fact, our favorite sous vide short ribs cook in the bath for 72 hours.
the reason i want a timer is that , i cooked  a steak with the sous vide method, at 130 degree f, and the steak came out mushy, because i think i left it in too long, question how long can you leave a one inch steak in the sous vide? thank you james
is there a insulated container in the future? vacuum insulated sounds great to me! any future in a chamber vacuum sealer?
@hector - the power switch is a "soft switch" for safety reasons. we don't want the sansaire to start up automatically when you plug it into the outlet; we want you to have to push the power button once the sansaire is situated in the water bath.  although the unit will shut itself off if it's running in a dry environment, we think this setup is a little safer. @matthew - you're correct, particularly because of reason #2. reason #3, of course, is that you likely already have a bunch of timers in your kitchen, and perhaps more than one timer/alarm app on your phone.  but, part of the beauty of sous vide cooking is that you don't have to be watch the clock - all but the most delicate foods suffer no harm if left in the bath for hours longer than required.
is the power switch a 'hard switch' or a "soft switch"?   for those asking about a timer, would you not be able to plug it into a wemo switch and control it from there?
james, my current understanding is that there will not be a timer for two reasons. 1) any additional features would cause delays in finalizing the product and the goal is to ship them to us as soon as possible. 2) a timer feature could prove problematic with food spoilage if you forget when the timer is supposed to end. for instance, 3 day ribs. if you forget that your ribs are done at 6pm 3 days after you started and remember hours later, your food has spoiled and must be thrown away. this way, your food stays edible even if you accidentally over shoot your intended cook time.
question, will there be a timer built in? thx. jt
thank you to all those that filled out surveys. we are halfway there. @michelle: i'm sorry, we only have the one side by side shot since we still need to source the ideal leds. @yvan: for sealing, we recommend using brand name sealable bags like ziploc. they are easy to use and work for just about everything. @jonathan: yes, we will be providing tracking numbers. both the green and blue versions will ship at the same time. @mark: our microcontrollers have internal clocks so line frequency does not affect timing control. and yes, the sansaire works on both frequencies for either version :)
quick question please on voltages, will the 110v 60hz work on 110v 50hz?  many do, but some that use the line frequency instead of having an internal clock do not...
please ignore my last message.  i could not see the survey on the kickstarter app for iphone.  it was clearly waiting for me on the desktop version.  thanks.
hi scott, i haven't received a survey.  i have received your previous messages (the last one i have is an apology for confusion regarding preorders).  am i missing it somehow? thanks, mark
went with green since it looks good, but i hope this doesn't introduce delays since or this version is more problematic. to be honest, either would be fine with me. also, when shipping, will we be given tracking #s ?
kudos on the logistics. any suggestions on the bagging and sealing that are best for use with the sansaire? thx
trying to decide between blue and kickstarter green. do you have any more pics that you can post of the green display? thanks!
survey completed can't wait good luck scott !
thank you for all your patience. the surveys were just sent out.
@adam. no, but give it some time. they are probably busy putting everything into motion now that they are funded.
has anyone seen the survey show up in email yet ?
i am getting impatient my cryovac is waiting to be utillized more at home. i can't wait to receive this. i'm a kid waiting for xmass to come.
where's my tracking number? j/k, but i am quite excited.
i'm going green! very much looking forward to it
well, looks that survey on the color is comming today. anybody think green is bad or red is better?
@knut - actually looks like it's 4000 dead on  :) still - impressive!
over 4000 circulators! wow. well done.
thanks!
@chris: the website is up and running now.
sansaire.com is password protected...
@marco: sorry for the late reply. the back of the sansaire is detachable to allow for easy access to all the important components to clean. soap and sponge handle everything except calcium deposits. for that you can use 1:2 part vinegar and water solution or a commercial decalcifying product. @scott: we've got you covered. head over to sansaire.com to preorder. @brad: thank you! the wait will be worth it.
well done!! now we play the waiting game :)
nevermind, just saw it on updates
yikes,  waited to long. already pledged for one unit. how do i pledge for 2?
@scott, what about cleaning? can it be opened? how do i remove limescale?
@brett: there are lots of good guides to cooking sous vide on the net. try googling sous vide temperatures or you can downloads sous vide apps for smartphones/tablets, that will tell you time and temp for different kinds of meat/vegetables. i just started myself and found youtoube as a good source.
my wife and i backed the sansaire, and are excited about learning how to cook sous vide with it! something dawned on me while watching the videos again, how do you actually know when the cooking process is finished? will the sansaire come with some instructions for the sous vide challenged (ie. complete novice)? so for example, with the chicken breasts that you cooked, how do you know once the it's completely cooked through?
@alex: the total weight is just under 5lbs (2.25kg).
hey scott, is there any early indication as to what the shipping weight will be? i'm asking as if it is greater than 20kg i will need to get it shipped to a different address.
@unai: that's a good point. i'll start mentioning that it also costs tens of pennies to operate. that's a great way to show energy efficiency. the sansaire page on google+ is ours but the sansair page is not (i suspect you meant the first). it is currently empty since we are absolutely swamped right now. we are active on twitter (@sansairesv) and facebook though.
btw scott, is the "sainsair" page in g+ an official one to follow? i just pointed to the kickstarter page in case more people wanted to join the cause, but i didn't dare to point to this page since it seems to be empty.
thanks again @scott for the info. i also found some references pointing really low energy consumption numbers. "efficient" isn't as helpful to newcomers like me, as reading numbers in dollars ;-) http://www.cuisinetechnology.com/blog/2011/04/26/the-cost-of-cooking-sous-vide/
@william: we are limiting the green units for kickstarter backers. this does not extend to pre-orders. @jocelyn: sorry for the confusion. anthony is correct, pre-orders are only for more units. kickstarter will handle the unit you pledged so you don't need to do anything. we've just had a lot of requests from backers to order more and pre-orders are the best way to do it. @john: our recommendation is to use a cambro container for larger baths. they are made of polycarbonate and insulate very well. stock pots are fantastic for smaller baths. heat loss to begin with is not really an issue though. a immersion circulators are 80% efficient in heating water while a stove is below 30% efficient. that's huge!
john sellers, i have found webpages describing how they use a cheap (16$ amazon) beverage cooler to minimize the heat loss. that seems to work for them even without a sousvide circulator to keep temperature for a few hours!. so i guess that would be nice for use. otherwise, sousvide polycarbonate containers aren't expensive either (around 30$), but that actually may perform worse.
what is the "best" or recommended container to use if you are looking for minimizing heat loss and lowering power consumption?  should i even be concerned about this?
wouldn't our pledge be just automatically charged to out amazon pay / credit card once ks closes? or must i complete the pre-order form. pls clarify. thks
i did it. now i'm waiting.
@jocelyn yong if you pledged at the $179, $199, or $399 level you'll get a circulator. if you want a 2nd (or more), you can use the pre-order coupon to order more circulators.
sorry scott ...am still confused - still unclear if backers who pledged must "pre-order" to get unit first? is our pledge not equivalent to a confirmed order?  pls clarify if i need to preorder w the coupon. do not wish to end up with 2 units. thks
will green display be available for backers pre-orders?
@yvan: sorry for the confusion. the coupon we will send out is only backers that want to pre-order. pre-orders will be open to everyone but backers get their pre-ordered units before all the non-backer pre-orders. kickstarter pledged units ship before all others no matter what.
just received project update #8 re: "pre-orders". as a backer ("package" in my case) do i need to "pre-order" via your web site, or is the coupon code to be used for additional purchase. please clarify. thx
@magnus: thank you. we're so glad will was in town to stop by. in the future we may create a 2000w unit for those lucky enough to be in countries that would support it. it has not been a large priority since 1000w is already overkill for most home (and commercial) applications. @aleksander: excellent! i must confess the one thing we are behind on is picking a final design for the towel. we'll post an update as soon as it is ready.
any chance to get a look at the print for the cheat sheet towels?
ok, i made the jump. looking forward to getting it!
just made my pledge! cant wait to get a hold of the sansaire . love and support all the way from kuala lumpur, malaysia!!
hi! i saw your interview with will from tested and it was nice to see the sansaire in action. one question (it might have been asked earlier): will you release a 2000w version? perhaps not now but in the future? here in sweden it shouldn't be a problem running at that w. i mean my vacuum have 2600w and most microwaves tend to go as far as 1200w nowdays. it's like if you''re having a bbq or dinner with alot of guest it would be nice to be able to cook alot of food at the same time. like christmas (the turkey) or new years.
@anthony: you are right, 20a is now the standard with the occasional 15a. @luis: yes, the sansaire will come pre-calibrated, though we do have a mode for setting the offset for those that have an accurate reference thermometer.
i forgot... the anova does seem to offer also the way to change the direction of the flow for best circulation, and they claim 0.01ºc temperature stability. both seem to offer the same power consumption of 1kw from the info we have so far, so heating time should be similar if the control has a similar response.
@joe welch , @luis : although the anova is not availabe in the eu, i did have a look at it. to me it does look more robust from the looks of the materials, although i cannot really tell unless we examine them in hand and side by side. the interface on the anova does seem to be more flexible  and it includes extra features such as a timer (would be nice for me, in case it is left switched on by mistake for long periods of time wasting energy). originally it was higher priced although it has gone down too. the downsides that i found were that people claim the interface is a bit slow to use (too many clicks to do things) and they had callibration issues, although it does offer means to callibrate it (http://forums.egullet.org/topic/145431-anova-sous-vide-circulator-availableanyone-try-it/page-4) my hope is that since the sansair covers less features and less bulk on the hardware, the extra is spent on building something robust and accurately callibrated. but that remains to be seen. it's not always easy to get same accuracy on mass production units.
will the units be calibrated before shipping, or will we have to do this with a separate thermometer (which i wouldn't be too confident with, given my thermometer is probably a bit off too)? 0.1 degree accuracy is not very useful if there is a 2 degree offset!
@joe welch: and, also—at least to me—the sansaire looks much nicer than the anova. doesn't matter in a restaurant kitchen, but at home….
@joe aside from the timer, the other big difference is various versions for international voltages, and no international import fees. from what i gather from some of the comments here, the water outlet port in the front allows for a hose attachment for larger baths or for home brewing for the power user.  the long clip on the sansaire might also be an advantage for attaching to larger baths, but i can't say for certain.
anybody know the difference between the sansaire and the anova circulator? i have a friend who is a chef at longman and eagle in chicago and they have been demoing the anova and love it. any differences between the units other then the timer?
just when i say "i will back no more ks projects, i'm done, no more..." projects like this come along and suck me back in!
@björn tack! :)
@scott you've got to have a pretty old kitchen to have 10a circuits, i think. my place (built '99) has several 20a circuits in the kitchen. i believe 20a kitchen circuits are required by code, since the 90's. a 20a circuit could take two circulators.
i had to back this one as well:)
@bto we haven't tried running two units in the same bath, but in theory, it should work!  you might get a little bit of overshoot weirdness in that setup, but i'd be surprised if it was by more than a degree.  however, each unit will pull 1000w.  so, you'll want to make sure they're connected to two different circuits in your house.  most kitchen circuits are 10-15a, but most kitchens also have several circuits wired to them (so you can run your toaster and blender at the same time).  check your circuit breaker panel, or do some trial and error until you find two separate circuits. @gryphonent thanks so much for your feedback! we'll take all of this into consideration for future versions of the sansaire. for now, we're laser-focused on getting machines certified, built and into our backers' hands on time!
@scott: i think a no frills timer would be a great addition to the sansaire. i for one never find my timer when i need it and a turntable timer could be easily added to the top part of your product. i'd like this more than the green light feature (blue looks nicer anyway). as for bluetooth and wifi... why would anybody need this?
ok, i was wondering what would happen if i used a standard ice chest with two units in it. the insulation should help the fact that the space was a little larger than normally specified. would two units work together like this? what is the power requirements of the device? would two blow the standard kitchen fuse or circuit breaker? is this at all a practical idea?
thank you all for these comments - we're loving this discussion! indeed, we've had very similar conversations amongst ourselves and in consulting with other folks who cook sous vide at home. although, as geeky gadget people, it's so tempting to add bluetooth, wifi, or other features that would light up software-based scenarios, we ultimately decided that those scenarios were a distraction from our ultimate goal: to bring great-looking, reliable, low-cost sous vide to home cooks.  it's important to us to deliver on that promise, and to do so on-schedule. we may revisit them in the future, but our decision to add wireless features will be based on the value that can add to the process of cooking sous vide, as opposed to a pure coolness factor. right now, the most compelling of those scenarios are around data logging, but that isn't a common ask from home cooks. with regard to timers, @jose and @ashley are absolutely right. if the sansaire turns itself off and you aren't there to either serve or chill the food, you introduce a very dangerous risk of pathogen development as the food sits in the dreaded "danger zone" of lukewarm temperatures.  instead, if the food continues to hold at its doneness temperature, pathogens aren't a concern (in fact, the food is pasteurizing!) and with all but a few foods, there's no loss of quality from even an hour or two of extra time in the bath. we also think you've probably got enough timers in your kitchen already, and we wouldn't want them to feel jealous of the sansaire :-) thanks, all! keep up the great discussion!
@scott that is one impressive dedication to your backers. thank you! @johan let me assist on that one - the swedish standard of 230 v is within the normal european specification for normal "hushållsel", so utilities that work within the the 220–240 v 50 hz range are good to go. on the topic of bluetooth and wifi... that would indeed be nice features to have, but keep in mind that according to the schedule is the device in "final tooling, packaging and certification", so anything added this late would delay delivery (not to mention not being in the budget).
re, timers, bluetooth and wifi connectivity.  i think if version one came out with all that stuff, i'd be waiting on the sidelines still thinking to myself "if they can do all that for $199, i'll wait for the cheaper version that strips out all the stuff i don't see adding significant utility."  if the goal is the masses, i think a system that is narrowly focused best achieves that goal. the sansaire pro can have all that stuff and more -- but i'd vote for a basic version to start.
it's much safer to just hold the food at the desired serving temperature - even for a couple of hours- rather than having an off-timer on the sainsaire and let the food sit for a long time in cooling water bath at prime pathogen development temperatures.... so for 99.9% of the cases the user should be the one turning it on and off when it's ready to serve - the sainsaire is perfect for that. timers and connectivity would really only be used by those interested in niche experimentation, who'd like to put it into more complex scenarios, for example combining chilling and cooking. (which i hope may be a poor man's version of a blast chiller)
@jocelyn: i cant speak on behalf of the sansaire (though it doesnt) but in regards to timing- if you're cooking a rack of lamb @ 60c for 1.5hr it does not really matter if you hold it at 60c for 1.5hrs, 2hrs, 2.5hrs etc as you're not increasing the cooking temp so it wont overcook but in saying that- if you hold it at the temp for far too long then, depending on what you're cooking, it may turn out a little strange (too soft, etc).
dah... autocorrect, i meant indefinitely.
@jocelyn  on the front page, under the faqs, the developers already stated there would be no "extra" features like a timer or bluetooth, etc... so that they can have the sansaire do one job really well... heat a water bath to a specific temperature and hold it there definitely. hope that helps.
oh yes. reading these comments reminds me to ask if indeed sansaire has timer features like a bread maker in terms of commanding it to start at certain time or switch off after certain cooking time so we do not forget? thks
i agree with nick on providing future connectivity options (i had a comment about that already), and will probably try to hack something like that myself. it's not just to tune the pid - which is probably pretty good already - but to do things like like having a timer for the sansaire. this way i could leave the sealed bags of food in plenty of ice water (or in a future, a water chiller) in the morning and set it to heat up and be ready for eat in the evening... ...or maybe a system with little bardcode stickers that would set the time and temperature for a given pre-prepared bag. this way anyone (read - my wife) could just scan it without digging around temperature/thickness charts ... several ideas for things to do with this connectiviy and maybe somthing you can think about for v2. however the important thing is getting the current one out in time,  adding communication ports would certainly delay fcc certification. wifi and bluetooth - with different specifications and regulations across the world - are even worse,  certifying something using that is a major undertaking in itself. that said it would be nice to know any test or serial points on the current board ;-)
@scott: while i am at it, despite the fact that i respect the notion of creating a device that does one thing and does that thing well, and the fact that you want to ship a product on time without any unnecessary addons, i would still urge you to consider some form of connectivity options for the future - it not in this generation of the sansaire. being able to read the temperature via wifi or bluetooth, and forward that information - and possibly set the temperature via the same methods - would make the sansaire such a valuable (even more than it is now) addition to the connected kitchen, which has started to descend from a crazy sci-fi concept to real products on the verge of being released on the market. no dealbreaker if not included, but it would be such a sweet option and extend the lifespan of the product with years.
@scott: as yet another swedish backer, hearing that you guys are taking the hit for import fees is fantastic news for us international backers. huge thanks! i do second the idea of local - e g european in this case - distribution hubs, both for the sake of your backers and for yourselves. other kickstarter projects who went that same path didn't have to deal with custom fees and taxes upon their backers receiving their items. for instance, my $100 pebble cost me $40 in fees and taxes, whereas my $300 oculus rift cost me $0 in additional fees. regardless, you already had me as a fan - now even more than before. keep up the great work!
@scott thank you for the quick answer. sorry, i have just one more question to ask: if you live in a country (sweden) which uses 230 v 50 hz, the 220/240 v will work?
@johan after the kickstarter funding window closes, we'll send out a survey to our backers allowing you to select your choice of led color, operating voltage (110v or 220/240v) and to confirm your shipping info.  thanks!
new to kickstarter, did i miss to choose color somewhere?
@erik in our latest version, we've removed the glow from the buttons on top. they were a little too bright, and we worried they'd become a nightlight :-) @bjorn thanks so much for the information. we're working closely with an experienced international logistics company to manage the taxes, customs and import fees worldwide. we're prepared to eat those fees for our international kickstarter backers - we appreciate your support, and we want to make it as simple as possible for you to get your sansaire! @richard that's right, sous vide recipes don't [shouldn't] vary across types of circulators. the only exception is for improvised sous vide (like beer cooler sous vide) where you intentionally overshoot the starting water temperature because you expect it to drop during cooking.
i'm new to sous vide so have a question about time and temp. if someone says cook salmon at 47.5c for 1:02, is that basically true for all/most sous vide circulators?
for those with troubles with foodsaver type vacuum sealers: http://www.instructables.com/id/tips-for-easy-vacuum-sealing/
hello! really looking forward to diving into the world of sous vide, and thank you for making it possible at a reasonable price! and, for making the device look so good. :) considering possible nasty suprises in the field of sales tax added and even customs fee, can you assist with some details on how and from where the boxes will be sent (china directly?), and if the full value will be stated on the content. in my case is sweden the destination, and there will be a sales tax add of 25% plus customs fee of 5% on the value off a package from china. if there are many backers in europe, maybe you can consider shipping a container to a distributor within europe and have them distribute as it then will be free of additional sales tax and customs fee, and possibly less costly for you on the overall shipping cost.
i think this product for vacuum will be a great adition to sansaire! it as great design and quality http://www.vacuvita.com/
hi. i am so happy with this project you started. great work! i got a question about the green display. will the buttons glow in green to or still be blue? thanks again.
@michele yes, the sansaire includes a sensor that stops the unit from running in the event of a low water level. the motor and heating coils will turn off, and the display will read "reset". refilling the water level and pressing a button on the back will allow you to continue cooking.
@jocelyn, there are lots of ways to go about packing foods for cooking sous vide, depending on how much equipment you want to add to your kitchen. for almost all foods, a ziploc bag is all you need. you can remove the air from the bag by "water displacement" - place the food in the bag, then lower the bag into your water bath while allowing the air to escape through the top. then, zip the top closed. if you want to go one level deeper, you can use a foodsaver or other edge-style vacuum sealer. they have built-in vacuum pumps to remove the air from thicker-gauge bags. they get out more air than the water displacement method, but liquids and wet foods tend to be their achilles' heel. the ultimate method for packing foods for sous vide is a chamber vacuum sealer. these machines are beefy, and generally start just under $1,000. they remove the air from an entire chamber before sealing the bag. unlike edge sealers, chamber vacuums seal bags of liquid with ease. and, because they pull such strong vacuums, they enable you to do other techniques like vacuum compression and instant pickling. but, they're a major investment. if plastic bags aren't your thing at all, you can put smaller foods (or cubes of food) into mason jars, and top them off with olive oil or some other flavorful liquid. then, tighten the lid and drop the whole jar in the sous vide bath. it'll take longer to cook, but there's no plastic involved. also, eggs can go straight into the water (shell-on). we can thank nature for that one :-) with regard to evaporation, yes, cling wrap works great.  i float a layer of ping pong balls on top of my water bath, which reduces evaporation, but still allows me to reach into the bath to add or remove foods.  for shorter cooking times, evaporation isn't much of an issue. but for 24-hour+ cooking, either of those methods will help considerably!
i live in hk. my friend has a sv but the vacuum chamber unit he bought to vacuum pack the food is extremely pricy & bulky. need to find other effective vacuum pack options for sv that is more cost effective & saves space etc.  qn: sansaire rises well above pots. do we need to cling wrap to create a sort of "cover" to prevent too much evaporation?
thks. any advise on good value vacuum packing unit else i can play w the sansaire when it comes immediately! pls help? thks
@ben thanks very much! actually, the name "sansaire" is a loose play on words ("without air") plus an "e" at the end for fanciness.  if we had named the sansaire after our favorite game of thrones character, it would have been daenerys targaryen. "khaleesi" certainly has a nice ring to it.
@jocelyn there should be an order form sent out after the kickstarter project is funded in 6 days.  at which point you can indicate color preference along with a choice for regional voltage.
congratulations on reaching the latest stretch goal! okay - real geek question: "sansaire" sounds to me very much like "sansa". is the drive named after sansa stark because she's your favourite game of thrones character, or is this just coincidence?
hi scott. how can we indicate our choice of colour for the led display? i want blue. and can u recommend a good value vacuum packing solution to use for yr sv unit. was waiting to find that before backing yr sv but in the end got too excited to wait & figured u can help w advise on vacuum packing. thks!
green it is!
good!, matt s
can't believe i was the 3,000th backer and that my pledge put this over the $600k mark!  i am really excited to be a part of this project.
scott congrats on being the highest funded food kickstarter project.
and your baby chickens for free?
600k  awesome! i want my green sous vide (money for nothing-lol)
over $600k!!
i did not quite catch if there will be a low water alert?
@richard yes, the power cord for the sansaire will have a grounding pin for the us version. so, it'll be a 3-wire plug. @anthony we're using a commercial-quality power cord, similar to what you'd find on other high-wattage kitchen appliances. touching the side of the pot will not be an issue - sous vide cooking temperatures are much lower than on a stovetop or an oven, well below boiling.
@scott: richard's question about grounding made me think of something—what temperature is the power cord rated for? e.g., will it be an issue if it leans against the pot (or, even, falls in), when you're at 85°c?
i looked at your diy sous vide and it didn't look like it had a 3 wire plug in the us. does the sansaire have a 3 wire plug for the us version?
looking forward to the details.  extremely cool that this thing will serve so many purposes!  with this and a copper heat exchange coil stuff like cheesemaking will be possible too! and it looks almost certain that we're gonna get to pick the green display too!  go sansaire go!  what's the stretch goal for next week?
@ben the front of the sansaire has two [subtle, but visible] indicator marks to show the minimum and maximum fill lines. we recommend attaching the sansaire to your container first, then adding water to reach the right level.  there's roughly 4 inches between the min and max lines, so quite a wide margin to account for the displacement when you add your food to the water bath. @guy thank you so much for your support! @chris we'll release more details on connecting to the water outlet in a future post, but it won't require any sophisticated engineering - standard size tubing fits into the outlet hole quite nicely.
good answers, scott!  i've got a recently retired copper coil that can be retooled into an insert into my mash tun.  so what sort of connector is on the sansaire's water out port?  can a length of tubing just be attached to it, or will some engineering be required to make the connection work?
in case folks are interested, here's a link to a message board that the sansaire ceo answers some questions: http://forums.egullet.org/topic/145471-new-sainsaire-199-sous-vide-circulator-on-kickstarter/ scott, congratulations on your successful fundraising. this is the first project that i've ever funded. the models looks great and your long standing interest in the area is comforting. i think the kenji review pulled me from the sidelines to active supporter. good luck on this journey.
(btw, one other small thing, the 'international support' section of your website still mentioned that 220v support is a stretch objective. why not update that to reflect that the international version will now be available?)
so, hopefully a very dumb question, but is the clip positioned in such a way that you won't overfill your pan if you only fill it up to where the clip meets the housing? or will we need to accurately measure the height of the water to ensure we don't flood the electrics?
@chris: the housing will be made from a durable, bpa-free polycarbonate, very similar to a nalgene bottle.  we expect that it'll hold up well to household abuse! unfortunately, we have to recommend against circulating anything but water directly in the sansaire.  although the motor is plenty powerful to circulate other liquids, sugars and particulates can leave unwanted deposits on the heating coils.  instead, for applications like homebrewing, we recommend using the sansaire to heat a pot of pure water, but connect the water outlet port on the sansaire to an immersion coil (a length of coiled copper tubing) that you put in the wort. these are commonly sold as "wort chillers" but fundamentally function as a heat exchanger.  instead of using it for chilling, the sansaire can pump temperature-controlled water through it for heating.
another question comes to mind as well.  how well will the guts be able to handle solutions rather than pure water?  i'm thinking of a brewing experiment where the clarified wort drains into a pot with a sansaire in it, which then heats it to a particular temperature and is then poured back onto the grains.  step mashing made really simple... if running sugary solutions through the device won't hurt it.
as manufacturing proceeds, i'd like to know how durable the plastic housing is going to be.  is getting knocked over on a countertop going to lead to cracked housing?  and are housing parts going to be available as replacements?
@brian sullivan: i've attempted to build a diy chamber vacuum sealer, but a few imploded steel hotel pans later, and i've decided that project may not be as diyable :-) @ashley: thank you!  we're blown away by all of the support! @romesh: yes, sort of.  because 1 degree fahrenheit is a smaller increment than 1 degree celsius, fahrenheit could be considered a more precise temperature scale. the temperature of the water will fluctuate in the 1/100th degree realm, but will be centered around the set temperature, either in fahrenheit or celsius. practically speaking, there aren't any foods where the temperature difference between a fahrenheit degree and a celsius degree are noticeable.
@ashley by my calculations they will hit there $600,000 stretch goal tomorrow or friday at the latest. way to go team sansaire
not sure if this has already been asked, but the description says the temperature can be specified in 0.1 degree increments. does this mean you can specify the temperature with higher precision using fahrenheit rather than celsius?
585. congratulations!
since you are good at diy projects, do you know of any good diy chamber vacuum sealer, so that way we can get the most out of sansaire?
@noah: (1) the back of the unit has a detachable cover to give easy access to all the important components to clean. some soap and rag is all you need for regular maintenance. (2) we have yet to get a fixed rating since none of our prototypes have failed yet. we expect the rating to be in the many thousands of hours. @ashley: certification requires the circuitry have a main fuse built in to protect against electrical damage in case of complete submersion. the circulator will need to be serviced to replace the fuse. thank your for bringing to our attention the egullet posts on us :)
another question-  what will happen if i'm stupid enough to drop the whole unit into the bath while still turned on and i put my hand in the bath to pull it out? (also you should go over to eg and answer their q's because some people are changing to the anova)
hey scott, two quick questions! 1. how would one wash / clean the unit, especially if the intake becomes clogged? 2. is the heating element / pump rated for so many hours? i'm curious as to how long the unit may or may not last on average. thank you, noah
@michael shipping on time is hugely important to us.  we were pretty far along in our process before coming to kickstarter, so we have a good level of confidence that we'll be able to make our initial production run on-schedule.  as with any new project, there is always a risk of unforeseen bumps along the road, but we've partnered with experienced manufacturers and are taking every precaution we can to ensure that our kickstarter backers get their machines on time.
just 1 more quick question... how confident are you for this shipping window (see: nomiku)
@michael: of course! at the end of the campaign we will send out a survey asking for updates on addresses, country information, and for any special requests. we'll make sure you get the unit that is right for you.
as i assume these will be made in china, any chance of me getting one with a chinese socket?
thank you for the info. i'll keep an eye on sansaire.com. i hope you will do a bulk deal with 100 units. good luck with the production :-)
@ola - right now, we're only able to offer one unit per $199 or more kickstarter backer.  for our post-kickstarter sales, we have discussed creating bundles that include multiple units, but we have not decided on details or pricing just yet.  however, keep an eye on sansaire.com after the kickstarter funding window closes, and we'll post that info as soon as we've got it!
hi :-) will you offer discounts for bulk orders? if yes, when?
@ted - the sansaire is only capable of heating; unfortunately, it takes a whole different set of hardware for cooling. but, you can fill your water bath with cold water and ice and the sansaire will do a great job circulating the water around whatever you want to chill. @gryphonent - even in the worst case scenario, we'll still get eu certification, but there is some chance that it could introduce delays for our european customers. those risks face any new consumer electronics product, but we're surrounding ourselves with smart, experienced people to help guide us through the process.  we appreciate the leap of faith it takes to back a kickstarter project, and we'll do everything we can to show our appreciation for that! @richard - quite easy!  the back clamp and bottom cover on the back of the unit are removable to expose the heading coils, impeller and other components that are exposed to water.  all of those parts are easy to access and clean in the event of a leaky bag, or (worst case) rogue eggs!
scott, i have a question regarding cleaning. how easy is it to clean the unit in the event that a bag accidentally leaks and food enters the circulating water?  thanks!
hi scott, thanks for your answer. what happens to int'l backers' pledges if you don't get eu certification? we all know its more difficult to obtain than the us stamp of approval. takes longer too. will those backers who cannot get the circulator be duly reimbursed?
the listed range goes all the way down to 0 c.  is the sansaire going to be capable of cooling too?
@daria yes, since we hit our earlier stretch goal, we'll include the towel with each sansaire that we ship to our kickstarter backers.  we're "throwing in the towel." we think we're clever ;-)
do you get the towel with the immersion or is that an extra 25$?
@gryphonent we're working right now to achieve the certifications necessary to distribute the sansaire both in the us and internationally.  luckily, our manufacturing partner has experience navigating this process, so we're hopeful that we'll be successful on the first certification attempt.
scott, is the circulator properly approved by european authorities… there's lots of certifications to go through before customs will release it. i've been on a number of kickstarters where the goods were returned because the ce signage was missing (pebble anybody?) or there where issues with the invoice (not attached outside on the package).
@eric: no, there is no clicking but if you pay close attention you may be able to hear a slight change in the motor when you the heating coils turn on and off. the motor is already quiet so it is not too noticeable. @anthony: more updates will come that show off the accuracy of hitting a target.
@scott: looks impressive from the latest update. ps: you really ought to get the labels on the graphs right—e.g., when your target temperature is 60°c, its unfortunate there is no label or grid line at 60°c—you're left guessing between 59°c and 62°c.
hi scott, is there any sort of noticeable switching sound (click, etc) when the heating element turns on/off?
@chris: the flow rate is 3 gallons a minute. so half the water of a six gallon container gets circulated every minute! @jan: glad we were able to clearer that up :)
@anna isn't the anova $299?
i wish kenji can do a review of the $199 anova sous vide circulator @ www.sousvides.com - i wonder if anyone has tried that
hi scott you got me worried there for a minute :-) i thought that the temp displayed (all the time) was the target temp and not the actual temp which ashley points out is the critical one. i don't need to see the target temp as i already know what i am aiming for but the current temp and any (if any) fluctuation from that.
what is the flow rate specs?
thank you for all the comments! we want to keep the design of the circulator as minimalistic as possible. that's why we have a 7x34 pixel display to show current temperature during regular use (and target temperature when changing the target). this works beautifully because the overwhelming majority of the time only the current temperature is of interest.
is it possible to have two lines of data on the display?  smaller font with set temp and larger font of water temp.
...but the heating temp is the a fairly important part because there's a constant +/- fluctuation. if i want a bath to sit at 62.5c then i'd like to know the exact true water temp else how will i know if the bath is actually sitting at 62.5c and not 60c? drop something cold into the bath and the temp drops even further, how far does it fall? what time adjustments are needed? there's a bunch of ways to solve this and i have no doubt scott and lukas have sorted it. anyway.. what i'm saying is irrelevant. i have complete faith in the guys.
@ashley-- they meant that they don't care what the temperatre is while the sansaire is heating the water. some people were discussing how to distinguish between the target temp and the actual temp, but richard suggested that they not display the heating temp at all.
wait... did you guys just say to get over the temp details when...using...a water bath?
well said richard.
@matthew and richard: thank you for the suggestions.
get over the temp stuff. i turn on my oven to a temp and it beeps when it's at temp. i don't care where it is between room temp and 350 or what ever. keep it simple to have a better product. let me set a temp and tell me when it's there. if i change the temp, let me know again. i don't need the details. just cook it!
hi guys, congrats with your successful funding. can't wait to receive my unit. question: are you familiar with the swiss made vac-star thermal circulator? although it's quite steep at 500 euro's, it has some impressive specs. (http://www.sousvidetools.com/sous-vide-chef-thermal-circulator). keep up the good work.
my oven has a similar problem.  when you set the temp on the digital screen, it sits there for a few seconds and then the screen jumps to the actual current temperature.  it might be good to make the temperature read out blink after rotating the temperature dial, then after a short delay (3-6 secs?) display the actual water temperature.  any thought on an audible indication when the water hits the correct temperature?
@ashley: indeed, the little things are the most important. we are doing usability testing to hammer out all these ui elements. making the font smaller is one of the options :) @madalena: thank you so much!
at last a complete beautifill well designed sousvide tool!i'll stick to the blue version,for me blue display is perfect but i'm sure that other goals will come!
is the font size going to be a step smaller when changing the temp? it's, you know...the little things. pedantic/10
@richard: yes, most of the time the display shows the current temperature of the water. when you turn the temperature ring the display changes to show the target temperature for a short period of time.
hi scott i was wondering with the display would there be an actual temp reading of the water with the addition of set temp from the circulator?
@daniel: the four steaks are going to be 64 oz. in total. when we get closer to shipping units, we'll source four of the highest quality cuts from seattle to show off how much variation there is in beef when cooked perfectly and simply with sous vide. they'll be shipped individually sealed, under dry ice, and ready to cook. @joe: thank you joe! the main specs are: 1000w heater coils, 3 gal/min pump rate,  3in minimum water level, 6.5in max water level, and a temperature stability of 0.1c. the most important temperature accuracy is between 50-70c, where we are currently getting .2c. this number is likely to improve a little.  as for a vacuum sealer, we don't consider it an important part to sous vide- especially for the home. regular sealable bags work great.
hi scott.  i'm a big fan of your work.  i built my own diy version using a lot of the info provided on your web site and even thou it works very well, i still backed your kickstarter because of your impact to the sous vide scene (and because i want one of these =p) i'm just wondering if there are any specs listed.  like how many watts is the heating element, how much water the circulation pushes, min/max water height, etc. also, when will you have a kickstarter for a vacuum sealer?
this is the first project i've backed. you seem like the right blend of dreamer and do'er to make this happen. i backed when it was blue...but the green option really makes me happy. simple things. best of luck.
@richard g: thank you. that is very flattering. we are still drafting the manual but may post it closer to the end of the campaign. @jose: hacker mode?... we haven't decided whether we are going to make the sansaire open source. either way, it does not have an interface port. the sansaire's primary purpose is to control water temperature so we are putting a lot of energy optimizing it. the gains from further optimization will be small. let us know if you are still interested after you play get your unit. @richard: it is unfortunate that kickstarter projects tend to be late. we spent the last two putting everything in place so we could be in this final stretch. our next step is certification: we have the office picked out, the requirements well researched, and the tooling finished. after we send six samples their way, we wait for the results. if all goes well, we'll have 2 months to make our way to the post office with your shipment. baring a long line, it is attainable.
hey scott...curious with the $399 backing what type/size of steaks are going to be provided.
knowing some of the setbacks from another kicjstarter circulator project that originally had an estimated delivery of december 2012 and it is still trying to get units out the door.  they totally underestimated the time and requirements to get the certifications needed (ul & etl)) which has pushed back the delivery now by about a year.  where does your group stand on the testing and certifications needed before you can actually ship.  i have backed a lot of projects and nearly all have over estimated to delivery, but i would hope that you might learn from them (and i'm sure you know who they are) and are taking steps to avoid the kind of delays they have experienced.  looking forward to getting my sansaire.
hi scott, more scratching an engineer itch than anything but now that you mentioned "unlocking expert mode" is there some hidden serial port or something on the sansaire to, for example, connect to the internal uc and read and write temperature parameters? would be interesting.
scott, you have to be sooo pleased. wish i had a job so i could buy one but when i get back to work, i'll definitely think hard about it. people have asked sooo many good questions and you are doing a great job of checking things out. the fact that you are coming out with multiple versions is great to get it shipped around the world. you are doing a great job but is the manual written?  maybe post that for people to see and make some more helpful comments. and if i had the money to buy one as a starter, i would still take blue!
@skylar: you are correct, 6 gallons is not the absolute max-- just the maximum to where you don't need to consider flow, shape or insulation to have a uniform temperature for all normal pots and containers. there is usually little need to use a bath that is larger than 6 gallon since that is already enough to cook a whole turkey. but if you wish to unlock expert mode and go larger, there are ways to do it. circulation is key. my go-to trick is using a 1/2 inch hose (readily found in hardware stores) to extend the pump outlet to the other end of the bath. uniformity of temperature should be checked with a handheld thermometer and a cover may be used to reduce water loss. insulation is rarely an issue.
question about maximum volume: you mention that the sansaire can circulate up to 6 gallons, but what type of vessel was this tested in (e.g. how insulated was it, with / without cover, etc)? i'm just curious if this is the absolute max you think it will be able to handle, or if i'll be able to do some super massive runs in, say, a beer cooler with an insulated lid.
i agree with adam that it would be great to help out with the circulating tank as most are going to need one. maybe you can work out a special deal with the folks at polyscience. nathan's sent plenty of business their way.
@tony: unfortunately the difference between 120v and 240v is too great. a step-down transformer is necessary if you have a 120v version operating in europe.
will the international version work at 110/120v without a step down transformer? i switch between us and the uk a lot and don't know if i'll need to get one!
@diane, william, and eric: thank you! we are happy to see the green display catching on. @eric: pots are the best for cooking on a kitchen counter. the pot in that video is 16 quarts and is great for the majority of home uses. for large plastic containers, we recommend cambro brand rectangular basins. they are staple in commercial kitchens, can be found easily online, stack well, and are relatively inexpensive.
since a container seems out of the question, is there one you might recommend? i am not sure if i need to get something with a lid (where i would cut a section out to go around the sansaire) to retain the heat of the water for better efficiency, or if that is negligible compared to an open container. also, is there a recommended container size? clearly putting one in a bath tub sized container wouldn't be very efficient and could wear out the sansaire's lifetime. but, too small of a container would cause circulation problems. i am getting really pumped up, if my questions didn't already convey how much thought i have already put into my usage of the sansaire!
scott - it's been so wonderful seeing this evolve. and i love the idea of the green readout for backers.
scott, ashley, good ideas lets compromise tubs for locals and balls for internationals i can hardly wait scott? ps put me in for green
@adam: we thought about many options but in the end our primary goal is to provide a fantastic sous vide circulator to all our backers on time. we have looked at adding more accessories but it adds to the strain to the schedule-- especially shipping as ashley points out.
@adam: shipping would be too much for the internationals. someone mentioned poly balls which would most likely be the more practical solution for home users. plus they'll work with all size pots/tubs. though i'm happy with anything!
new stretch goal? how about a custom 6-gallon tub, with cover and a special port hole for the sansaire? too much? :-)
350k passed- all units now come with a towel! updates are soon to follow.
we will be breaking the $350k mark really soon! less than $800 to go....
@hong: thank you hong! after the end of the campaign, but closer to our ship date, we will send out a survey asking people for their choice. everyone will get the circulator that is right for them.
backed. from singapore, we use 220/50hz, how do we make sure that we get the correct version
@anthony: exactly! most all the energy goes into heating. for a completely uninsulated container containing 2 gallons at 65c (150f), about 250 watts of energy is used. the coils are rated to deliver 1000w.
@patrick: sorry for the late reply. it's awesome when we hear from builders of the diy machine. yes, when cooking for three days straight it is important to consider evaporation. a loose fitting cover, cling-wrap, or pingpong balls are sufficient enough to make this not an issue. @darren and @daniel: one of the most important features of sous vide cooking that doesn't get enough attention is energy consumption. daniel is exactly right- water is an excellent medium since heatloss is minimal compared to other cooking methods, like ovens. also, the heating coils are efficient beyond compare. i took some data and found that efficiency of heating is close to 80%. electric stoves heat water with only 30% efficiency and microwaves closer to 50%.
thank you daniel and anthony!
@darren tran - i have checked into this as a concern too.  what i found on average for really long sous vide cooks i'll use about 2 kwh.  this is about 8-11 cents per kilowatt in my city (dependent on my overall electrical usage.)  and it's not so much dependent on running the machine as it is how well the container is insulated. the loss in energy comes from the heated water itself evaporating or losing heating to the surrounding atmosphere. however, because air is a horrible conductor of heat, such energy loss becomes minimized—even more so if you insulate your water bath than not. consequently, maintenance of a desired temperature consumes very little energy, oftentimes not much more energy than it takes to initially heat up the water bath. so really it's a nominal cost running a sous vide and you'd be hard pressed to see a spike in your electric bill.
@darren tran: depends on how well insulated your container is. the pump and controller shouldn't take that much power, the heating element takes a lot.the heating element should (once the bath is at temperature) basically use power equal to heat loss.
backed - can't wait!  but i have a slight concern - how much electricity will this be sucking?  if i leave it on for 48 or 72 hours, i'm concerned it may have a huge affect on my electricity bill!
the sansaire operates using open pots or other containers. this means evaporation can be a significant problem, especially for 72 hour ribs. is there an auto low water cutoff switch on the sansaire? what happens if the water gets too low? i've been rocking your $70 sous vide design for a few years but have had to replace numerous heating elements - at least until i finally put a low water cutoff switch in.
@jens: we may very well be considering insulating balls. you'll just have to wait and see :p @christopher: thank you. we hope to have a definitive answer by tonight.
my wife wishes you good luck!
tokyo backer here looking forward to more information about being able to use my future sansaire here!
@scott - how about insulating polypropylene balls (ping pong isolating balls) and/or polycarbonate tanks for stretch goals. the ping pong balls would be great for all your customers using their own pots for sous vide - further this would be a energy saving opportunity in a ever more co2 producing world.
@daniel: yes, we have numerous ideas for the next stretch goal but we want to make sure we can deliver on it before we announce. this should be in the next day or two. @ashley: thank you ashley! unlike the diy machine, a majority of the components for the sansaire are not available off the shelf. due to liability, we will have to make repairs to the machine ourselves if any components break. the one year warranty is to take the burden of repair off our backers.
scott, been following you (jetcity) for a while. impressed. backed. question- things break. are replacement parts going to be available off the shelf and will they be easy to replace?
scott, any plans for another stretch goal after you pass the $350k one?
@richard: great questions. for safety reasons the unit does not turn back on if there is a longer power glitch. we want to guarantee that when you come home and your machine is on, it has been on the whole time. pressing power is enough to return functionality. all the settings are remembered. we do recommend a surge protector because it is an electronic device but it is not necessary.
also, what happens if unplugged or a couple seconds as in a power glitch
have you tested power glitches? i know with summer storms our lights go out for a couple seconds and my computer ups units kick in. should sansaire be plugged into a surge protector? what happens if the unit is powered off for a couple minutes? does it return to it's old settings or does it need to be reset? so many questions coming it. sounds like you have a lot of testing to do. still sounds like a great product.
@raiman and han: this is an important question we are researching. many times the us/canada electronics work with both the 100v/50hz and 100v/60hz standards of japan. we just want to make sure. we'll write an update as soon as we get a definitive answer.
same question as hans! i'm in tokyo, too!
hi scott, would i need a converter in tokyo (100v/50hz)?
just watched the pledges tick past $250k. looking forward to my 220v version!
@robert: our testing has been extensive and we find steam to not be a problem. we have a fan that circulates air to keep condensation from accruing on the motor and we use a waterproofing agent on the circuit board to protect from short circuits.
scott, i've been watching the updates for the nomiku, also on kickstarter.  during verification testing of the pre-production units, one major issue they ran into was steam entering the engine system via the shaft and rusting out the motor prematurely.  their solution was to use a magnetically driven shaft so the motor system could be sealed better.  from looking at the blueprint jpg posted on your main site, your design looks like the shaft is direct drive.  what is sansaire's solution to keeping steam out of the motor system and electronics bay?
@matthew: can you message me with more details? are you in a country that has 120v, 50hz power? the only country i know that comes close is japan (where half the country uses 100v/50hz and the other uses 100v/60hz). @gabriel: we have gone to great lengths to make sure we pass all the requirements of certification the first time around. one of the reasons we picked our manufacturing partners was because they have certification experience in similar categories. what remains is delivering several units to the certifying bodies to pick apart, drop, and prod. though we do not expect delays, our schedule allows for some.
scott,  have you already started looking into ul certification and any other things that could derail the schedule?
hey scott,    thanks for taking this project on;  the least i can do is back it for you getting me on the sv boat many years ago with the diy circulator instructions you graciously shared with all of us! since then we've added 6 polysci circulators and two chamber sealers to our restaurant equipment and can't imagine life without them. even already owning a svs, any excuse to get a circulator is a good one; and at this price it is a no brainer!  hopefully the success of this project inspires you to figure out an awesome option for a practical home chamber sealer, or vapor control oven.  thanks again!
will the 120v unit work tolerably well on a 50hz ac? i've got a transformer
@janet and arnold: we plan to make an faq update soon to answer these questions. the quick answer is yes, you can use a sansaire heated water bath to temper chocolate and ferment wort. in both cases the food is inside an container and submerged in the water. @petter: thank you for asking. yes, you can switch between f and c with a touch of a button.
question about off-label use...... if i was to use this to maintain beer wort (sugar water) at a certain temperature...am i going to break it?  how easy is it to clean? i can use an indirect method of just heating the water and circulating it in the container...but i thought i'd ask the question. thanks for the responsiveness in the comments section.
@ peter this is directly from the main page. "you can switch the sansaire between celsius and fahrenheit at any time by pressing the temperature mode button on the top of the unit."
@peter look at the main page near the bottom there is a picture and a description  that explains  how the sansaire switches between c and f.
when you're done with this one, maybe you can research a chocolate-safe model. with the sansaire circulating the liquid, i wonder how well it would work holding tempered chocolate at a specific temp.
this sounds great! i hope the unit is settable between c and f as any international best seller should be :-)
@richard: that is a fantastic idea.
scott, create a short video on how it fits on about 10 different pots. it's important to see!
love the design and simplicity, looking forward for 220v as well...
@richard: the clamp was by far the trickiest to design since there are so many shapes to containers.  in its normal setting, it fits a 1 inch lip comfortably. all the pots we deal with have a lip no more than half an inch so it's perfect. the second setting gives a 1.5 inch birth for the larger plastic containers-- like the widely used cambro tubs. @april: thank you so much, we're humbled. it would be a dream for us to find a place in the private chef community.
looks like a fabulous machine and i'm eager to try it out for myself when you start to ship! i've shared your link with all my personal and private chef colleagues.  thanks and good luck!  -- april lee, tastefully yours, www.chefapril.com, president, mid-atlantic regional chapter of the american personal and private chef assn. (appca)
you don't show many pictures of the back. i have a lot of pots with a big lip for the cover to sit in. will you be able to click on that easily? also, what is the shorts put it could clip to with the same situation? i don't need 6 gallons very often but 2-3 quart with shrimp or other fish or sea food would be normal.
@laura: even though 'sous vide' means 'under vacuum', it is by no means the most important aspect of the method. simple plastic bags where you get most of the air out work perfectly. one step up, and my personal favorite for years, are hand vacuum pumps with specialty vacuum bags. they are compact, easily storable, and quite inexpensive. @daniel: we are so thrilled with kenji's article. he has been an active advocate of sous vide for years. last weekend i cooked his sous vide chicken recipe... fantastic! http://www.seriouseats.com/2010/04/sous-vide-basics-low-temperature-chicken.html
i have a sous vide supreme but just pledged for the sansaire, looking forward to trying it. too bad the towel isn't included it sounds like a great idea-- maybe a stretch goal?
@daniel kim agreed, i bet a bunch of people first learned about this project from j kenji lopez-alt's writeup for serious eats. no better way to get the word out to ravenous foodies than at a ravenous foodie site! november can't come soon enough. in the meanwhile, anyone have a recommendation on a food sealer? the vacmaster 112 would be my ideal sealer, but too expensive at $600. anyone have experience with the foodsaver 3880?
does the unit include a vacuum for removing the air from the bags, or is one not necessary? the description says "the only tool you need to cook sous-vide"... either way, looking forward to getting my circulator!
@teresa: we are still trying to decide on the official level of warranty and will give a firm answer soon. we want to do right by our backers.
so glad to see the huge support this project has received and even more glad to be a backer. will the products come with a warranty?
@andrew: no problem. we'll send out a survey where backers will get to update their addresses :)
oops, i just realized that i may have submitted the wrong address. which address do you use for shipping the product? would it be possible for you to email me privately to change it? sorry.
i just posted an update confirming our stretch goal for manufacturing 240v units. these cover most all remaining country standards. thank you to all those that messaged us steering us in this direction.
hi scott - we met at the modernist cuisine talk at microsoft some months back. congratulations on your successful kickstarter! unfortunately i already have a sous vide supreme, but your product looks great. i backed $25 for the kitchen towel reference table, what a great idea.
220v please , it seems that you guys will have to setup a european store to save us iunattractive  and expensive shipping. keep on the good work and make this dream come true.
another vote for 220v :-) have pledged already but hoping the international stretch goal is reached so i can have a uk version!
wow, what a response!  you should send serious eats + j. kenji a big ol' thank you steak after that writeup.  what level of precision can we expect?  is it really 0.1 c?  good luck and hope you can make it for the european market too!
looking forward to the 220v
edit: sansaire.com shows that you can indeed read current bath temperature, and that kickstarter won't allow multiple orders onsite, so that answers those questions. just a request for the 220v option then :)
another request for 220v option. also if there's a way to read current bath temperature, that would be very handy too! i can see myself ordering a few of these. is there a way to do that pre-launch?
damn, i just pledged and noticed that it's not 110v. i really hope you guys can make it 220v! how much will it take to make that happen?
pledged $219, hoping for it to be 220v!
@scott, you need to find a way to get korean hanwoo beef in the mix. i haven't had anything that's ever come as close... well, some kobe from japan was up there, too. anyways, congrats on getting successfully funded today. cheers.
$5, hoping for europe compatible 220-240v version.
just joined at towel level but, like many others here, what i really want is the 220v version. hope we can make it happen!
i'm in for $5. i hope there will be a 220v option. :-)
+1 for the 220v version
i backed up 219$,, keeping my fingers crossed there will be a sansaire 220v option when shipping starts :)
great project! i'm in for 5$ until there's a 220v option. hopefully soon :-)
i'm excited to be part of this project!  looks like it is going to be a good one. i wish there was an option for another one, seeing as these should be shipped/arrive for before the december holiday season...
could you leave the option of setting the temperature to zero so that the circulator and current temperature status can be used without the heat element turning on? this way your device can be used for cooling applications by circulating cold water. for example: people who brew beer in warmer climates usually stick the whole 5 gallon jar (carboy) that has beer fermenting in it into a large cooler full of water. they put ice bags or frozen bottles of water into the cooler every day to keep the water bath around 65f or colder all day. the circulator would help distribute the cold to make it an even temp, and your device would even report the current temp in the bath to know at what temperature the beer is fermenting. this sounds like a really specific functionality, but there are many other applications for a water circulator to distribute cold water and read temperature. your device's price point is an amazing deal for this added functionality. i'm excited to get mine!
super excited by this project, but think it would be even more excited if i could up my pledge in exchange for two sansaire circulators. i want to give one as a gift, but i want one for myself too!
if you happened to be so excited about the project that you did not read the full information about the international edition not beeing "really" ready before you pledged. is it possible to change the "pledge level" to a 220v later? congrats on reaching youre goal!
if we wanted to order more than one sansaire would that be possible?
@marty i guess for beer in bratwurst i would just put the beer in the bag and still circulate water. other liquids tend to be more expensive than water and that large a volume in the circulator seems excessive compared inside a bag. not saying it's a bad feature if it works, but the workaround feels more than acceptable. i'll definitely check out the link. thanks
@christopher vee in larger scale applications, it can be practical to use liquids other than water, e.g., beer for bratwursts.  i've not done it, but dave arnold has a written/podcasted about it frequently.  he even constructed an insane butter/duck fat thanksgiving turkey monstrosity that serves as a reminder that as baller as you think you might be, there's always someone more insane than you: http://www.cookingissues.com/2010/11/24/happy-thanksgiving-dont-poison-your-family/
my first ever product to kickstart.  glad it was for such an exciting product developed just down the road from where i live.  november cannot arrive soon enough!
will you be packaging with a handy, laminated, card with times/temps for proteins/weights?
@brett: we'll go through some stretch goals tonight as a team and announce them soon. as for details on the steak, we are sourcing meats that display how much variety there is in different cuts of meats, from different types of cows, from different regions. there is no reason not to treat steaks like fine wine now that they can be prepared simply and perfectly. these four cuts are the cuts that excite us the most.
thanks to all those commenting their support for 220v. we are amazed at the international support. if you are one of them, let us know in a comment or message. @alan adding a towel is an option later in the campaign. we didn't think we'd have to settle on choices until at least a week into the campaign. we've also had a lot of requests for warranty. we'll get back to you about those issues. with support from people like you, we are one step closer to having you store beer in that cooler instead of water.
stretch goals, other than 220v...
well, it looks like the project will be funded in a couple of hours. do you have any stretch goals in mind? also, what kinds of steaks are you offering that cost more than the sous vide itself?
can the display switch from celsius to fahrenheit?
you including a towel in the $199 level? i'm pretty sure it won't work as well without the towel around. 8-) you might consider a little higher retail price? it's nice to be a kickstarter supporter and get a little benefit (like a cheaper price). no biggie. oh, and is there some kind of warranty being offered. i realize a project doesn't need to offer one but if you're selling it for the same price in retail (which you will have to offer a warranty) it seems only fair. i surely hope you get funded. i'm tired of using my beer cooler for sous vide.
do you know what the flow rate of the pump will be in the production versions?
a 220/230 vac / 50 hz for me please :-)
i keep my fingers crossed for a 220 v version.
looks awsome and i back this even though i live in 220v area (i hope that enough pledge so we can get that 220v version asap!).
@andrew is there a benefit of doing it either way?
@mike: our retail price is targeted at $199.
@andrew: great question. the current draw is for bursts at a time. it turns out to be infeasible  to regulate such high current in any other way.
@christopher: it is true that cooks sometimes use liquids other than water it is quite rare for sous vide. we will be testing for liquids other than water, like oils and broths, but it will not be certified for that use. if your worry is in regards to plastic bags, you can use mason jars filled with oil for the same effect.
after the kickstarter program, what do you plan on setting the retail price at?
will the heating element draw 1kw for short bursts of time or will it operate at less power constantly to maintain a temperature? if my pot dissipates (for example) at about 100w, would the heating element run at full power for a second every ten seconds, or would it operate at 10% max power constantly.
@marty just wondering what other fluid are you thinking of? is your thought to cook a broth without bags?
if anyone wants to give up their early bird spot i'll gladly take it ;) project looks great!
this looks amazing! backed!
@ze pinto ferreira: we have a few designs in mind :). we'll come out with an update soon and get all your feedback. stay tuned!
@marty yu: the heating element is 1000w. it's the perfect balance of power- handles our biggest tasks while staying well enough away from tripping household circuit breakers. we are considering using the machine for other liquids but have yet to test it under a variety of mediums.
i'm feeling an edge to edge doneness already.
hoping for a friggin' laser beams option in the future.  nothing like the laser sear.
very excited!
fingers crossed for the 220v version.
off to a great start, scott! i'm waiting for the international version of sansaire, in the meantime, i'm in for a kitchen towel :) any chance you'll share the design?
very excited to replace my cumbersome slow cooker/pid setup.  questions: what is the wattage of the heating element?  can the pump handle other liquids besides water? thanks and good luck.
