@rebecca broswn. thanks so much for leaving a comment. can you please email us directly? we're committed to providing you with the best support and getting your aquafarms back up and running is our #1 priority! as you know, we launched the aquafarm on kickstarter back in 2012. it was a brand-new product for us and we've learned a ton in the last few years. the major issues facing the first generation aquafarm were the air pump and warping. we recently launched the aquafarm v2 that addresses these concerns by including an improved submersible water pump and sturdier grow bed and lid. for $14.95 you can purchase an aquafarm upgrade package that includes a new grow bed, new grow lid, new water pump with tubing and instruction card, zymbac, growstones, and wheatgrass seeds. this includes shipping and the package is still available. all upgrade orders are shipped weekly directly from my office. we're offering this update package to customers with a first generation aquafarm so they can experience the new aquafarm without having to buy a new system. alternatively, we will ship you a new water pump at no additional cost. it's a huge upgrade over the original air pump and we highly recommend going forward with it, regardless whether you choose to get the whole package or not. i hope this helps and please let me know if you have any additional questions so i can help! -jasmine jackson back to the roots jasmine@backtotheroots.com
i put my aquafarm on the shelf after two failed attempts. i'm ready to take it down and try again - so came here to see if there are any updates. i never received the email about a new submersible pump which i see was sent sometime last summer. any chance it is still possible to receive one of these before i try again?? i was so excited to back the project - and got one for my nephews as well - but both units have been on the shelf after our failed attempts. let me know if you are still able to send the new pump out! thanks!
@nate-- firstly thanks so much for commenting. we're here to help and you can always reach out directly to us at contact@backtotheroots.com. many people have had success (including myself, also a backer) i think having a stronger understanding of how plants grow really does help with a successful experience. many plants like wheatgrass and other sprouts have a short life cycle and need to replanted often. other like basil and cilantro sprout, but need light and time to fully grow. adding a grow light is always super helpful. as far as your fish swimming up the tube (so sad!!!), check your email! we're offering a new submersible pump (free)-- that does not need the tube in the middle. the deadline say july 15th, but as always you can just email us. finally, you really don't need to worry about a plant in the water taking up the nutrients. the algae in your tank is using those same nutrients-- hence why having a live plant will help prevent dissolved algae from thriving. i hope this is all helpful information and hope to hear from you soon. best, jasmine jackson  back to the roots contact@backtotheroots.com | 510.922.9758
nate, i've finally gotten some success.  after adding a grow light and ordering some liquid seaweed (don't need much at all), my plants have been doing very well.  i've had one freshwater snail since the beginning and it really helps with the algae/sludge maintenance.  hope that helps.  both bulb and liquid seaweed suggestions can be found in older comments below.
i know others are having trouble growing successful plants, but is anyone having success?  i have yet to have any of my plants live past 2 or 3 weeks from placement of the seeds.  they always look great initially, strong and good color, and then suddenly they're all on their sides and dying. i had two fish swim up the tube and die, but never received the netting that is talked about and was promised.  i did buy extra shale rock, though, and built up rocks around the tube.  my fish has survived so far, but i keep wondering if it's harder for the poop to travel up the tube now? emily, you mentioned a water plant will help with the algae.  the associate at the pet store said the same thing, but then another associate said that since i have an aquaponics setup, the plant would take away nutrients from the plants in the grow trays.   thoughts? thanks, nate
hey philip-- my local gardening shop recommends 2 ml/gal. adding 1/2 oz will probably take much longer to clear up. can you please email me any photos or further details? -jasmine  jasmine@backtotheroots.com
hello again.  yesterday, i dropped in some maxicrop liquid seaweed.  probably about half an ounce.  tried to follow the instructions as best as they could be applied for the aquafarm.  as of this morning the water still looks like a tank of dark iodine solution.  the fish seems fine.  my question is, what is the expectation for the water clearing up?  thanks.
@philip -- thank you for your update and we hope your fish has a speedy recovery!  a reminder, if you need additional support or materials please email contact@backtotheroots.com -- that's our official customer support channel and best way to troubleshoot issues. as far as tidy tank, it's a sludge eradicator meaning it will help break down solid waste and food build up. i've never used tidy tank in my aquafarm and instead supplement with 2 nerite snails and a live water plant. further, if you take care to not overfeed your fish (just a few tiny pellets a day) then you won't have much build-up to address. so to answer your question, tidy tank is not necessary as long as you have other natural means to lesson debris buildup (snails, plant, etc). if you do add it, once a month should be sufficient. if you are seeing yellow on your plants it can be a sign of iron deficiency, which is common in aquaponics and can be easily addressed. simply add a bit of chelated iron to the grow bed where the plants are growing. the iron will cycle through your tank but the plants should absorb it within a day and it will not harm your fish. you can find chelated iron at and gardening center or consider using maxicrop liquid seaweed. many aquaponics enthusiasts find it effective. one thing to note is that with more nutrients in your tank, algae is likely to propagate faster. one way to keep algae minimal is to simply put a water plant in the tank. the plant in your tank will absorb much of the light and nutrients that the algae needs to actually flourish. i hope this helps and please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions! emily, contact@backtotheroots.com
i'm still trying to iron out the system.  i'm on fish three and just noticed some fin rot today.  i've been very diligent this time by 1) occasionally (once a week) adding a bit of salt to the water as recommended by many aquarium sites,  2) adding the kordon's tidy tank solution when ever i top off the water and 3)  adding a stress coat solution when topping off as well.  it seemed to be working up until now.  my question is:  should i continue with the tidy tank once the tank's ecosystem's matured a good bit?  does it continuously need the good bacteria?  is that contributing to the fin rot? also, i've worked with industrial-size aquaponics units over the past few years.  i'm talking tens of thousands of gallons.  the plants we typically grow, like basil, fully mature into sizeable plants.  this isn't happening in the tank.  i'm rocking a grow light probably eight hours a day, so the light is there.  the tank should be mature enough to support the plants' needs, yet growth continues to be stunted. lastly, since growth is stunted, i've felt the need to change out the plants roughly every three-four weeks.  it gets depressing seeing short yellowish plants day after day. i top of the tank with bottled spring water, so the public water i'm on shouldn't be the issue either.  honestly, i've never tested the ph either so i don't know if that's an issue. just some rambling thoughts here.  i'd recommend some more hard info. on the parameters needed to test for in order to make sure the tank can support the plants. phil
@kip -- we are currently releasing the 2nd version of the aquafarm (that includes a submersible water pump) and there have been additional mold changes made to upgrade and improve the design and functionality of the aquafarm. we will launch with the 2nd version in april and have more changes underway. we appreciate your candid feedback and are sincerely grateful to our customers for their continued support and help in making this product the best it can be! wishing you well -- emily, community happyness guru, contact@backtotheroots.com
all of you guys who have found the same obvious design flaws in this product should contact the organisation and get a refund. my case was resolved in that manner, getting the cost and the shipping refunded (unfortunately i'm still out of pocket as i'd brought a pump and heater myself to try on the tank). the testing schedule was described to me and what was tested was the system in-principle and not the actual product itself. statments that it was run for several months with success involved grow beds and tanks that were completely different to the model, were separate and connected with tubes and utilised different pumps. the all-enclosed-as-one model was not tested. a prototype or two of the actual model was made to be used at public displays, however this was not run continuously for any appreciable amount of time and was made out of a different material than what the actual commercial models are (ie. a stronger plastic). i was told all of this over skype by the organisation itself and i could only describe my case as amicably resolved as i got my pledge and shipping refunded. at no point was the actual product they shipped (and are still shipping from their site!) actually tested and it appears they intend to continue to ship a fundamentally flawed product. get your money back and don't take no for an answer. i find it appalling that they're still selling this nonfunctional item and are acting as if it is fine. kip. additionally, it is unfortunate that jasmine has to deal with this rubbish and that alex and nikhil are completely absent in answering for the failings in their product. i haven't posted to make her job harder but because i find it galling that this has kept going without any statement from them.
hi philip -- thanks so much for taking the time to write and share your experience. how long have you had your system running? it may be that your system hasn't reached a fully optimized state yet with the nitrifying bacteria so not as many nutrients are being made available as they would a little later down the road (say 6 months after the start of the system). it's been enough to get your plants to the 2-3" height but they might need a boost. that boost could come from an outside supplement or through waiting for your system's nitrifying bacteria to become more established. aquaponic growers will often supplement their systems with chelated iron and other micronutrients during the beginning stages of a system (first 6 months), but the amount you add requires some research as it depends on the ph of the system. we're looking into ways to boost the system during the first 6 months of running and please email me directly at contact@backtotheroots.com so i can find out more about your aquafarm! i hope this was helpful and we appreciate your support -- emily
hello again everyone,  a quick update from my end.  sadly, my original pump in my first tank has finally began to sing its swan song by considerably slowly down its pumping capabilities.  since i had an additional aquafarm in storage i switched out the old pump and was back in business.  subsequently, i did contact emily today to enquire about replacements, since it's only a matter of time before the new pump goes as well. anyway, i did buy two cfl grow bulbs as per your recommendation.  i simply put them in a desk lamp and raised the height of it as things progressed.  right now, it seems everything growing is in a stasis.  i've got basil about 2-3 in. high that won't grow higher and lettuce doing the same thing.  the light right now is about two feet above the tank and i can't realistically raise it any more. my main question is whether the growth in being held back by the light's parameters or some nutrient deficiency in the water itself.  the reason i think it may be nutrients is that the basil especially is somewhat yellowed.  as an avid gardener, that's typically an indication of a nutrient imbalance. any suggestions from your staff on this regarding either better grow light management or nutrient management?  thanks.
@thad -- i'm so sorry to hear this!! can you please email photos of the damage to contact@backtotheroots.com and we can make sure we send you a replacement asap. thank you for the support! @kieran, thanks for your question! if you have an aquafarm and live internationally, you will need to purchase a 3rd party pump. we have a list of recommendations on our website under the aquafarm faq's. it will need to be suitable for a 3-gallon tank and can be an air or water pump. if you'd like to talk more about this, feel free to email me at contact@backtotheroots.com. i look forward to following up!
does anyone know what i need to buy to get this working in the uk? there are no clear instructions on exactly what i need to buy for the international version... thanks.
ok today i looked and my tank is cracked its near the top i guess the weight of the water was to much but this is the t of the tank i can send you pictures
@kevin -- thanks for letting us know and yes, we've been shipping out improved replacement pumps for all defective ones! please email customer support at contact@backtotheroots.com and we will set you up with a brand new pump! hope to hear from you soon :) - emily
our origianl pump stopped working a while back (month or two ago?). is there a way to get a replacement?
@james -- great setup!! keep us updated on how it goes. i might lower the lights a bit, but would love to hear your updates and what you find works best.
@christie good question! do you have decorations in your tank? adding a cave and/or other decor will help break up the reflection and make a happier home for your pet. our bettas in the office are all pretty mellow. they get used to the reflective sides and calm down after a couple of weeks. still, we're working closely with out manufacture to tackle the effectiveness of the plastic. will keep you updated on other solutions! jasmine
hello aquafarm team!  i am wondering if you have had any good ideas about the fish going crazy seeing it's reflection (on the sides with the white plastic). my little guy sees his reflection all day and its really sad -- so much so he doesn't really eat. i tried to frost the plastic, using a product that etches glass - it didn't work. please let me know if you have any other ideas. plants are growing so well! love this product!! christie
i made a new grow light. uses 6 uv leds 405 to 395nm also called uv-blu.  i like the look of the scorched wood and copper.  once i get everything working the way i want, i plan on adding a back drop to the tank so you don't see all the wires.  don't have a timer for it yet so just been unplugging at night. i fear it is to late for 2 of my pepper plants, maybe the final plant will survive.     https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-fxfkprdojyq/um1vfuxuqli/aaaaaaaamu8/x8ubqcvyf1a/w491-h873-no/20131027_130302.jpg
@steve, i just emailed you photos and directions. if you received a replacement pump and tube, you should have been emailed a confirmation that included references for the new setup. our apologies if you did not! also, kips comments have been addressed on our latest update. i will re-post our comments so folks can access them on this page to: "apologies for the late response to your comments! we've chatted with kip and addressed his concerns. i believe he'll be posting about our conversation shortly. in the mean time, we've been experimenting with small scale aquaponics for over a year and the bulk of our experiments were focused on plant growth and the biological aspect of aquaponics. this small tank is meant to grow a small amount of baby greens and herbs and under the right conditions can successfully do so and keep the water safe for the fish as well. in one experiment with 56 aquafarms, the majority of the tanks took around 3 weeks for nitrates to appear in significantly detectable amounts. out of those 56 tanks, about 20 showed especially low levels of nitrates (~5 ppm). these 20 had wheat grass growing and it seems that the wheat grass's very dense root system takes up the nitrates as quickly as they are produced. so it's not that they are not being produced-- rather they are being used up quickly. the other tanks, where basil and lettuce were growing, had a large range of nitrate concentration in the water - from 20 ppm to 160 ppm. adequate nutrients are super important to ensure the success of an aquaponics system, large or small. we're working on ways to provide micronutrients the plants may still need. still we've seen success growing various plants including lettuce, basil, garlic, mint, cilantro, parsley, and green onions. we've also noticed that adequate sunlight plays a huge part in a system's success. we've had lettuce grow beautifully under a grow light, but in certain parts of our office where the sunlight barely trickles in, we've seen lettuce become very leggy. on the design end-- the major issue that we've encountered is the pump wearing out. prior to launching the product we had 2 prototypes that we ran constantly for 6 months in testing and then regularly after testing and did not experience issues with the pump. however after shipping out 5,000+ aquafarms many customers contacted us about failed pumps and we quickly made changes to the pump including hardening the seal cup, improving the material the valve is made of, and increasing the depth of the valve to improve water flow. of course many other changes have been made as well and it's my job to work with each of you to make sure that your plants are growing and that your unit is functioning. i recognize that there's room for improvement with this brand new product. we're working to keep it evolving and have made big steps to solve some of the initial issues. of course if you'd like to chat further or need any support please contact me directly at jasmine@backtotheroots.com or contact emily@backtotheroots.com" hope this clarifies things and feel free to reach out personally to us!
i received the replacement pump and tubing, but there were no instructions on how to attach it outside the tank.  also, i think everyone would appreciate if you respond to kip koenig's post of september 26th.  i can't believe you are selling this product on your main website given all the outstanding design flaws.
@philip-  you are absolutely right that light is a huge component to the success of aquafarm growth. if you don't have your aquafarm placed in a really sunny spot, it's definitely worth investing in a grow light (check out the 32w hydrofarm bulb -- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0055f4vb4/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl…). we've noticed huge differences in growth between systems with mediocre sunlight access and lots of sun or a grow light. aquafarm is just like any other garden so different plants will require different amounts of light. if you are growing basil, you’ll want to put your aquafarm somewhere that receives a significant amount of direct sunlight – ideally by a south-facing window. if possible, try to orient your aquafarm in a way that blocks sunlight from hitting the water in the tank, but can still reach the plants – this helps prevent algae growth. i actually really love experimenting with my aquafarm and have successfully growing alfalfa, beans, and mint. i'd love to be kept in the loop if decide to experiment with other plants as well! fyi- we're developing a sleek grow lamp which you can add onto your aquafarm. it should be available next year!  thanks again for writing and i look forward to your aquafarm updates! emily community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
hello everyone, while i've received the new tubing and things are going pretty well with the pump, my biggest problem is lack of light to my plants.  the wheatgrass is going ok, but the basil and lettuce not so much.  since i'm an ag. person with lots of experience going seedlings indoors, when i first heard and read about this product my very first concern was lack of light. so far, that's been confirmed for me.  i would highly recommend fast tracking a supplemental lighting solution before anything else.  by the way, does anyone have a good lighting solution they've found that works well with the aquafarm? since mine is in a bedroom, i'm not attaching anything to the ceiling to lower and raise, but rather looking for something with an adjustable stand, etc.  also, not all grow lights are the same and all offer different wavelengths depending on what you're growing, so it needs to be a proper grow light and not just a desk lamp.  anyone from bttr want to comment here, regarding lighting plans?
@ann, confirming that your refund has been processed. best! -bttr team
further to my comments 3 days ago and subsequent message that someone would follow through with the dhl queries, my package (apparently containing my home aquaponics) will not be despatched to me due to insufficient information provided by the shipper to customs.  please just refund my a$100 as soon as possible. i am tired of the extremely poor communication. your goal was 100k, you received almost 250k, i don't understand why you could not have invested in a decent administrator. no more excuses, i have heard them since february, been provided misleading con note numbers, put on wild goose chases, just want my money back. please let me know when this is done.
@omar yaqub--- great question! all of the kordon products are quite common in aquariums. if you're having troble finding the exact brand (kordon's a pretty small all natural company) you can use these guidelines: d-klor = dechlorinator (vitamin c based) tidy tank = bacteria that naturally eradicates "sludge"  zymbac = living nitrifying bacteria hope this helps and let me know if you still have questions! jasmine jackson  community happyness  contact@backtotheroots.com
@becky aaroen hane- thank you so much for your feedback. can you please give me a call at your convenience. i'm very sorry to read about luna's accident and would love to learn a little more from it. we've made a few changes to the tubing and i'm testing out some pre-filters. any data that i can collect from your experience would be super helpful. we've never seen any of tube accidents here in our office, so i'd really appreciate learning more from you directly. i hope to hear from you soon and would love to work with you to get started anew. best, jasmine jackson  community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com | 510.922.9758
but i do not imagine i will ever harvest anything to eat from this tank.  my lettuce seeds have grown to about 1/2 inch in the time i should have been able to harvest.
btw sponge bob is very happy and my pump is working great -- we figured out quickly to take it out of the plastic and we had tubing from other tanks,
algae  huge problem.. you need light to grow plants and light in a small water tank grows yuck, i tried 3 seeds of lettuce -- seedlings have sprouted, but no real growth.  tried them in open window (low e glass doesn't help plants)the starts i tried did better, most surprising of all is that the plant that did best was a lavender start.  (don't like to have their feet wet!)  lol  now i just figure if i want to keep "sponge bob" alive i will have to scrub this tank once a month.  would i buy another? no.  concept was good and i am not unhappy we tried.  as is,  this doesn't seem to work, yet.
i wanted to write some of my experiences with the tank.  i have learned from others that have posted here and wanted to share my set up, pictures and overall experiences with the developers and backers. overall i am happy with the tank but did have to make several adjustments/additions to get everything to work right. like others i had problems shortly with the included air pump.  it's power reduced over half and was not bringing much water to the upper tank.  i check the settings on the pump but eventually i went and bought a external air pump from the pet store and much happier with that.  the pump i got can be used with tanks up to 10 gallons and came with a in-line regulator which allows me to adjust how much air is generated, it's perfect and quiet. i had ordered wheat grass, basil and lettuce seeds with my kit and the wheat grass took off like a shot and i thought it would be a good thing for my cats but come to find out they kept pulling the grass out of the pots, root and all.  the basil and lettuce did not do so well but i could not give them enough light so i ordered a led grow light from amazon.com.  since i was at it i wanted to get a leg up on the plants so i went to a local nursery and picked up pre-grown basil, oregano and chocolate mint plants. i spent time removing as much dirt as i could from the roots and added the shale rocks to the cup. since adding the grow lamp i also planted the supplied lettuce seeds in one of the cups and they are growing well. the top cover is rather flimsy and will not stay attached (seen in photos).  but this does not really hinder anything other than looks.  suggest ribbing to strengthen the top cover. i did buy a submersible led light from amazon.com so that i can see the tank and fish better. it's possible i may be over feeding my betta as i started to get debris at the bottom and algae in the tank.  i recently purchased a zebra snail and a bamboo shrimp to help with cleaning the tank and so far they are all doing well. i noticed that the temp of the water is dropping now with the weather change so i have also purchased a 25w thermostat controlled heater from amazon.com i have the air pump/led light and grow light on a plugin timer so that they shut off at night to give everything a rest daily. i have ordered additional supplies from homegrownponics.com and really like their "refill bundle": includes 4 oz. bottles: fish prep, d-klor, zym-bac, and tidy tank with 20 grams of fish food. additions: *tetra whisper 10 air pump -- includes in-line regulator -- purchased at pet store *alert stamping 5-1/2-inch 60 watt aluminum shade clamp lamp light - amazon.com *abi full spectrum 12w led grow light bulb for veg and flower, e26 base (red 610-640 nm, blue 450-470 nm) - amazon.com *18 led aquarium fish tank bar submersible waterproof light lamp 100-240v white - amazon.com *hydor 25w submersible aquarium heater - amazon.com *woods 50009 indoor 7-day heavy duty digital outlet timer with 2-outlets - amazon.com http://flic.kr/p/gu2yvt http://flic.kr/p/gu2g9y http://flic.kr/p/gu1nlm
any word on where canadians can order supplies? homegrownponics does not ship outside the us.
i have had this tank set up since july and wanted to provide feedback. i like the tank design, though i wish i would have been able to get in black rather than white.  our pump died lasted about a month and a half before it stopped pumping water.  we bought a replacement along with 6ft of tubing at the local pet store.  we were able to finagle the tube to fit outside the tank fine.  i was concerned with the high-maintenance basil needs, so i planted all wheatgrass.  it is loving the environment and doing well.  my cats also love it.  we have had our beautiful little silver and purple betta female, luna, in the tank since day 3.  while she did have some issues with the reflection at first, she was remarkably smart and realized it was her or at least that it was not attacking her after a day or two. unfortunately i woke up this weekend to my husband yelling, as he went to feed luna - he was always the one to feed her and she learned that, so that when he approached the tank she would swim to the back right corner where the food appeared, as opposed to anyone else approaching she would just stare at.  luna had gotten sucked partially into the tube, and was dead.  i am still absolutely sick about this.  do you understand how horrific that is?  yes, many will say "it is just a fish", but all animals have some form on sentience, and luna - like the last three fish we have had in our time together - had quite the personality. we are not sure yet if we will be getting another fish to try again.  i am torn betweenthe design flaws of this tank and the $50 i paid to back it.  i want to get my money's worth and yet, i do not want this tank to kill another fish in such an awful way. i love the concept behind this tank, but it needs some serious redesigning.
would the company please note that australian dhl cannot despatch goods without the following: (i trust documentation will be provided to me in the appropriate time). please responds to the freight company as soon as possible. your goods have arrived at dhl and daff advise insufficient documents for clearance. please contact the manufacturer to provide copy of documents,  this department is not permitted to liaise directly with exporters. as per excerpt from attached quarantine direction: declaration from manufacturer is required stating what goods are derived/made from: e.g. animal, plant, (state botanical name), microbial or 100% synthetic and must state the end use. note: manufacturer to use checklist below importers responsibility to check the declaration before emailing it to dhl manufacturers checklist                                        1. must be in english 2. must be sent as pdf attachment 3. on company letterhead, including full address  4. must state awb number @@@@@@@@@ 5. dated 6. signed 7. must state employees title 8 all pages numbered if goods require an import permit: if importer does not hold existing permit dhl cannot hold shipment, as per quarantine/daff requirements permit must be applied for before shipment arrives. as per attached quarantine direction, clearance must be completed prior to 12/10/2013 other options: disposal export network agent dhl express 5 apac drive tullamarine vic 3045 ph:    03 9933 5528 fax:   03 9338 5499 australia for updates on deliveries contact customer service toll free 131406 australia
thank you for your response emily, i do appreciate it.  however i feel it is more important to dialogue here.  i am not unhappy with your product, my tank is quite happy at this time.  my plants are another subject.  i have added a grow light and perhaps that will do the trick.  emily, i am not the one that needs the dialogue, and i think these people here need to see and read some of your advice to their problems instead of conducting them via email.  i believe that is where the frustration is coming from in part.  thats my two cents, for what it is worth...
hi kimberly, thank you for your comment and i totally understand your point of view. we are contacting customers individually on most issues so we can obtain specific information and photos from them. i'd love to follow-up with you as well and see if there is anything we could do to better support you. i actually have photos i could send of basil plants that grew as tall as a full loaf of bread! being that the aquafarm supports mostly herb growth, we recommend you experiment with different ones and see what you get best results from. we've had success with alfalfa sprouts, beans, mint, even green onions (which are planted via bulb, not seed). i'm sorry that you felt you had to figure out things on your own. i'd like to make it up to you by chatting one on one. please reach out at contact@backtotheroots.com and i'd like to get things moving in a different direction for you. best, emily contact@backtotheroots.com
my pump has stopped working, who can i contact to have this replaced?
it seems the comments are taking a negative turn.  please keep your integrity intact and address these concerns point by point....from the beginning.  if your backers are turning sour on your project then it would be safe data to pull from that your retail buyers will soon do the same.  my farm is doing well but i would be foolish to ever think i would be able to harvest a salad from it.  from the beginning too many unknowns, too little practical information and i had to figure most of it out on my own.... putting aside the cheerful, upbeat attitude would be a relief in exchange for some true dialogue with honest and helpful information, because that is what all these people are asking for..
i must agree with you all. my pump died 3 days after i got my aquafarm. and now i bought new one. plus i´m a international backer so i had to buy seeds plus poweradapter only that 50$ plus my international shippnig cost 50 bucks total of 150 bucks. now the aquafarm is bowing very much. i really regret for backing this project up.
after 2 months of running the aquafarm, i have to say i agree with all the points of kip's comment below. the pump died a long time ago and when it did it took the pale sprouts that had grown at this point with it. i have been testing the water parameters regularly and while there seems to be a detectable nitrate cycle, the amount of nitrate produced is minuscule and hardly sufficient to grow herbs from seed (i'm trying dill, coriander, lettuce and oregano) or sustain seedling plants. my basil seedling barely survives because of moisture, but is lacking nutrients. any cheap soil-potted basil from the supermarket thrives in comparison (i don't understand all the excitement about "growing your own food", these are bog standard herbs for crying out loud). it's an absolute mystery how you could have several of the systems in your office for some time and not come across at least some of these issues. i also would appreciate a public response explaining your design and testing process. thanks
any suggestions on an automatic feeder?
please respond by 3 october if you intend to honour your agreement or refund me $100. i have spent enough months chasing your company, and been given the bum steer by being provided incorrect tracking numbers etc for goods that have obviously not been despatched. deleting my comments is an indication that you are not interested in honouring your side of the agreement. it appears that you have taken my good faith and treated it with contempt.
jasmine jackson, or, preferably, alejandro and nikhil, i was promised via email that i would receive a response once you are back in the office...i have not received a response and it is several days after i was told you would be back. this is an absolute farce. could you please outline what the testing procedure was for this product. currently it seems that someone thought up a design and you rushed into production without actually testing it. otherwise please explain how the following were not picked up prior to production: - the pump is not designed to operate on its side and so needs to be located outside of the unit (and has even caught fire in one case listed in a prior update's comments!); - the unit is not made to accommodate tubing which is attached to a pump outside of the unit (which it needs to be); - the pump does not function under conditions expected by your backers (ie. in countries other than the us, in my case australia, where it would seem you had plenty of backers, it cannot operate on our electrical supply); - the pump has a habit of dying pretty quickly, or otherwise is unreasonably loud, which you are addressing by replacing but only for north american backers and the only justification i've been given for that is that you don't want to pay to ship the replacement overseas when those overseas backers paid an additional 100% of cost to have the unit shipped to them (read: you're just being plain insulting to us); - the grow bed/top unit is not strong enough to support the weight of the water and gravel, causing it to warp and no longer fit together properly; - the instructions included with the aqua farm instructed the use of 4 times the amount of de-chlorinator recommended on the back of the bottle; - from most reports the unit is entirely incapable of growing much else than wheatgrass or sprouts in amounts which could be harvested (and even then its production is laughable); - the tubing supplied (which isn't long enough if the pump is placed outside the unit) is far too rigid and of such poor quality you're replacing it (oh, wait, only for backers in north america...because apparently the rest of us are just shills); - the unit does not accommodate a power cord running into the tank for the use of a heater, which is almost always necessary to for a betta fish; - the sides have a mirrored effect which drives the betta fish to distraction (seriously, did you even put a fish inside one?); - fish can get sucked up the tube, a fairly obvious design flaw which even someone who would fail engineering would notice, not to mention being really quite horrible that it does that to the fish...oh but your organisation is so full of aspiration as you smugly claim you're saving the planet and we're your 'kickstarter family' so you must be full of goodness...guess what, good intentions are more harm then good if you don't know what you're doing; - the system clearly is not capable of keeping itself clean and one snail is really nowhere near enough (and has a good chance of being attacked by the betta), this could possibly have been addressed by having an opaque or translucent backing but you would have only found that through testing (hmm...); - the tank isn't really an appropriate size for a betta in the first place, something you can find out with just a minute's research (oh, but that would've involved research wouldn't it...no it's much more wholesome to just write a bunch of lurid rubbish about addressing sustainability concerns and being nice to the earth without actually looking into possible suffering you'd be causing); and - having tested a friend's pump, which is the pump you recommend people buy (because you failed to even realise the supplied one is not meant to operate on its side, thus negating a key part of your design) i can report that it is so strong that water splashes out from the top of the unit. so, what testing regime did you have for the aqua farm, if it clearly failed to identify any of these fourteen (14) glaring design flaws? particularly, how did you manage to not even notice that the pump and how it is to be arranged in the unit are critical design faults that cause failure within the first day with what would appear to be a high rate of occurrence? please respond to this as these are not just my concerns, but are frustrations clearly expressed by many backers on your comment sections. your tone in responding to us thus far has been incredibly patronising: we don't want to hear the excitement in your voice (which all seems to be a bunch of cheaply-written inspirational language that signifies nothing), we want actual answers. kip koenig.
@kip, i'd really like to address your concerns and resolve your frustrations -- we absolutely honor our backers and know you deserve that. please check your inbox so we can continue this matter there. best, emily community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
emily, thanks for the reply. do you know of any other equivalents to d-klor, and tidytank? homegrownponics only ships to the us. i live in canada. thanks!
are there any "tips & tricks" to reduce the noise level of the pump? outside of that, the tank is perfect. our fish is happy as a ... fish.
i still have not received a response. it has now been over 10 days and i have tried comments and private emails and still have not received a response. is that an appropriate way to run an organisation? kip.
could i please have a response to my last post? i feel incredibly used that you have shipped out a product that has clear faults.
ugh, 2nd pump failed after about 3 weeks.  this time, i even left it standing up outside of the tank.  this is terribly frustrating...
the motor on tank has completely conked out after only about 2 months (and thus killing all the plants). my son was more than a little disappointed, and i'm sure our fish (captain phillip) is none-too-thrilled either.  where can i get a new motor? thank you!
@omar, i'm so happy you received your aquafarm!  thank you for all of your support and feedback!  we will have the kordon products available for purchase on our website soon!  until then, you can find the items here:  http://www.seedsofchange.com and http://www.homegrownponics.com for maintaining your tank: 1. every 1-2 weeks, when the water level drops about 1-2 inches below the textured line on your tank, add approximately 2 cups of water + 1/3 cap of d-klor.  please note: the amount of solution needed and how often it should be added to your tank may vary depending on your environment and water level.  don't worry if you accidentally add too much, it is better to add too much than not enough. 2. add 1 packet of tidy tank once a month to keep gravel sludge to a minimum. 3.  you only need to add more zymbac if you are starting over with brand new seeds in all 5 plant pots. if you are reseeding your plant pots, we recommend doing so in stages - one or two plant pots per week. leaving a couple of the more mature plants in your system will allow your beneficial bacteria to continue to thrive while colonizing the roots growing from the new seeds. happy aquafarming! emily budd community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
@jvicious, thanks so much for taking the time to write and for all of your support! the instructions should be right under your tank! if they were mistakenly not packed in with the shale rocks you can download them here: http://www.backtotheroots.com/storage/aquafarm_printable_instructions.pdf i've emailed your photos from our customer support inbox to show how we set-up the pump externally. thanks again and feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions!  best,  emily budd community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
any word on where we can re-order supplies if we live outside the us? also, i'd really appreciate a list of regular maintenance that we should be doing. what needs to happen on a daily, weekly, monthly basis for the optimum health of our tank? thanks!
hello. i haven't set anything up yet and my tank has just been sitting (this is mainly due to me being busy) can you guys post a how to set up video included the new updates about putting the tube outside? thanks.
@tanya, i apologize but i provided wrong information in my message! we don't encourage you to grow flowers. they generally require more nutrients than one fish can provide. sorry for the confusion and hope this helps clarify things! emily budd community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
@eric, thank you for taking the time to write and we apologize for any difficulties you've experienced. we're having great results with an external set-up of the motor/pump. i am going to send you an email from contact@backtotheroots.com with photos attached so you can get an idea of how we are setting up the pump. we appreciate your feedback and make sure to check your email for my photos and additional info! best, emily budd community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
hi tanya, thank you for taking the time to write!  i'm so sorry to hear you are experiencing some mold growth on your wheat grass! i would love to send you some new shale rocks and wheat grass seeds to start over. will you please send me your shipping address and order number to contact@backtotheroots.com? when you receive your new items, i would suggest cleaning out the grow bed, making sure the shale and net pots are washed thoroughly.  make sure to scrub the net pots with soap and water.  you can keep the old shale rocks in the bottom of your tank, they do not need to be replaced.  also, i was wondering what your climate is like?  for good measure, it'd be awesome if you could place a fan or something nearby the tank. mold comes as a result of moisture, so the more air circulation you can get going, the better. and we encourage you to experience with different types of flowers in your aquafarm. you might need to try a variety to see which ones grow best in your environment. roses and lilies are popular choices for aquaponics systems. keep us updated on your progress and growing! let me know if there is anything more i can do to help and happy aquafarming, emily budd community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
does anyone have motor noise issue? how to reduce noise?
hi. here's some of my feedback. we were moving this summer, so we only just got it set up and added a fish at labor day. our 2 year old has named him "hush" (she can't say fish, this is as close as she gets.) we planted all wheatgrass hoping for quick growth to get the filtration going. the wheatgrass is growing very well. the water though seems like it has stuff in it, like the bottom of the tube has little fingers almost. i'm thinking we need a snail? i'm also a bit worried that hush may be getting too much food, even if it is a "small pinch" as our two year old has a different idea of a pinch.  i did notice today though when i went to cut some wheatgrass, that there is mold growing on the tops of the rocks they are growing in. is that normal? i have mold allergies, and i'm concerned that it's going to get too much and i'll need to get rid of my tank. :( i was also wondering, since i already have an herb garden, can i plant some type of flowers in the top of my tank instead of food? i just was thinking it would be nice instead of my husband buying cut flowers every week for my table to have a living bunch of flowers.
thanks for getting back to me jasmine. so that means you're just abandoning your non-canadian international backers. why did you not investigate if the pumps worked outside of the us or arrange a solution where international orders would be shipped with a suitable pump? your organisations lack of insight is made abundantly clear by this oversight; the fact that the pumps you do provide are not meant to operate on their side and you're encouraging people to place them outside of the aquaponic unit just further shows the slipshod manner in which this product has been put together. the unit is already starting to warp as the water tray for the growing pods is not strong/rigid enough to hold the amount of water that it is designed for. as consequence the whole grow-bed assembly does not fit together. i am really not impressed. you failed to make sure that international backers could actually use the product you provided and failed to communicate the situation to them once you did realise that the pumps wouldn't work. additionally, you failed to even determine if the pump you provide actually works with the design as envisioned. finally, the actual unit itself is beginning to show signs that it has not been appropriately tested. the response which i've been given indicates that all the aspirational language you drown people in is really just a cover for poor design and business practices. claiming sympathy that it is expensive to ship to canadian customers (to correct your own easily avoidable mistakes) and so anyone located outside of north america should just grin and bear it is insulting. especially so since i and other international backers paid that expensive amount (in fact greater amount, since the unit is much bigger than just a pump) please, explain to me how it is appropriate that you provide no support to international backers; let alone not even having the respect to notify them that the product does not work as designed and that you failed to consider that the system would not work in their country, as provided, at all. regards, kip koenig.
@jessica: i really appreciate your detailed response and sharing! i spoke to one of our experts and she said that the foam shouldn't be a problem. as long as the water is flowing steady through the tubing, nutrients are being properly circulated. if you notice that water seems to be stagnant, you could try replacing the foam with some rocks or a decorative piece. that will keep fish protected and won't affect water flow. hope this helps and let me know if you need any additional support! emily budd community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
i still did by receive my order - can someone check to see if it shipped out to me?
basil's all growing very well, and has a massive root system going on, so don't think that's it. thanks for the offer, replied to your email.
@drew, thanks so much for the comments and for keeping us updated on your experience.  i'm so sorry to hear about your fish! are your plants growing well? they should be absorbing the nitrates-- how is the root system looking on your plants. you may want keep at least one wheatgrass plant growing to help filter the water better as your basil establishes a healthy root system. i also agree with jessica about the large water changes. it's really important to maintain a healthy ratio of beneficial bacteria. please keep me posted on how it goes and i'll look into the quick start product you mentioned. i'm more than happy to send you a care pack and would love to test your water as well to see what the nitrate levels are. i'll send you a private message with further steps. again i'm very sorry to hear about your fish and look forward to working with you more closely. best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
i've only been changing water to try to fix the problem of the prior occupant of the tank dying. petco says betta's are pretty hearty and you can do 100% changes without problem, but i still seed the tank with the beneficial bacteria each time. i switched from the kordon stuff to api quickstart this time, hopefully this one lives!
drew, from what you've written i'm wondering if you're now doing too many water changes. aquariums need a certain amount of beneficial bacteria that you may be getting rid of every time you do a water change. this bacteria can be bought at walmart or your local pet store. it might help. i really don't know about the basil, i've never heard of that before. hope things get better.
since i last commented, i've had 2 more betta's die. even though they say it's not required, i've been doing 50% water changes, and it hasn't helped. each time i take the fish back to petco they do a water test, and they say it's fine, but maybe a little too high on nitrates, or a little too high ph. so they say to do a 50% change, but that hasn't stopped the deaths. i've tried switching the food to freeze dried blood worms, i've tried feeding them much less (3 or 4 tiny little worms a day), and now for betta #4 i've just done a 100% water change. i don't want to get a rep as a fish killer at petco, so hoping someone can help me out. i'm starting to wonder if it's the basil that's killing the fish, is that possible? i've got all 5 baskets full of basil, and 12 plants growing between them. aside from that, the only other thing i can think of is there's some nasty bacteria in the grow pots that survives through the 100% water changes to infect the tank again.
got my aquaponics kit on wednesday. i set the tank up that night but did not add the fish yet, i let the tank cycle thursday and added a small heater and decorations friday morning. with some fiddling, i actually managed to run the wired from the heater up along the side of the grow bed and out of the side where the handles are with the grow bed still sitting straight.  friday night i purchased 2 female guppies and some longer air tube to be able to run the air pump outside of the unit. i brought them home and acclimated them to the tank along with one lone male guppy i had in another tank. i fit the wire through where it says to put the air pump inside the unit and followed the inside layout of the tank to a little slit on the back of the unit. i followed the instructions and started the seeds last night as well. so far everyone in the tank looks happy and lively.  i was concerned that some were saying their fish were sucked up through the tube so i took a precaution and purchased a small piece of aquarium foam with large air pockets (1.50$ at my local pet store) and fashioned it to protect the opening of the tube. do you think that this will have any effect on the circulation and break down of my fish poop? after reading some of the comments i was a little concerned about the outcome of this project but i am actually quite pleased and have not encountered any of the problems discussed. great job and thank you.
@gm p-- perfect!
please respond. ----- original message -----   from: svcdesk1 service desk (dhl au) sent: 09/05/13 07:24 am to: mail@ecotroopers.com.au subject: re: tracking comments good morning,  thank you for your enquiry with dhl express regarding the delivery of your shipment.  unfortunately the airwaybill number supplied by your shipper appears to be incorrect.  the tracking number you are quoting is for a shipment addressed to a company called ‘jamieson centre’ in canberra who received this shipment at their address two weeks ago.   please recheck the airwaybill number with shipper and resubmit your enquiry. please note i have performed a manual search using the information below (searching on shipments addressed to ‘ann’ or ‘matthews’ in postcode 7315) with no results. to assist with searching for your airway bill with more detailed information can you please advise the following:  1)    the day the shipment was picked up 2)    the postcode / city that the shipment was picked up from 3)    what were the shipments: contents, size and dimensions 4)    the company name / contact person that the shipment was picked up from 5)    the company name / contact person that the shipment is addressed to 6)    the postcode / city that the shipment is addressed to if you require further information please reply to sydsvcdesk1@dhl.com or for immediate assistance please call our customer service number, 13 14 06. kind regards dominique newell customer relations manager dhl express australia ph 131406 web www.dhl.com.au
hi, i haven't received my tank yet either.  nor have i received a confirmation message.  could i get a follow up?  thanks!
hello - i have not received my t shirt and tank. i was provided a consignment number that is not relevant. please advise. i am based in tasmania, australia and believed my goods would be shipped in february. i understand there were holdups but would appreciate being informed and given the correct information. thank you
hi, i funded this and never received my tank. i thought it was still being manufactured or something but i see other people have theirs. maybe i was overlooked? thanks!
@kip- thanks so much for following up! the pump we sourced is not made for international outlets-- we definitely could have communicated this earlier and my apologies on behalf of the company. we simply are not shipping internationally and only did so for our kickstarter community. we are a tiny company (only 8 employees) and do not have the scope to source additional inputs for international aquafarms. many customers have sent me photos of aquafarms with with tetra pump. i've had lots of experience with it myself and definitely recommend it to any international backers who still need a new pump for their aquafarms. of course if you need more specs., please feel free to contact me. best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
when the tank is up and running, how much water should be in the tank? i have my water level at the frosted glass....
concerning replacement pumps you stated this in one response on this page: 'we've been monitoring the pumps very closely and are currently sourcing a new pump. for now, we've learned that these pumps work best standing vertically so please don't hesitate to contact us if you need a new pump or longer tubing to run the pump outside of the unit.' you have also clearly indicated that you're shipping out replacement pumps and the improved tubing. so why is it that i contacted you privately and got told that you're not doing this for international supporters of yours? no explanation was given, just that you won't. my pump worked for 10 minutes, total.
@grym how cool! can you send me photos! also don't forget to separate your baby guppies from the adults. i've heard that you should put them in a separate tank...but you might want to consult your local pet shop or do some additional research. cheers! jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@james e> thanks so much for sharing the photo! what kind of light is that? i'd love to be kept in the loop on how it does and i'm putting a new pump and additional tubing for you in the mail right now. this time try setting it up vertically outside of your tank. it will draw in more oxygen and work much better. best, jasmine jackson community happyness  contact@backtotheroots.com
where can i order replacement products in canada? (kordon doesn't ship outside the us). also, i'd really appreciate a little write up on how we should be maintaining our tank. what do we need to be doing daily, weekly, monthly for our system to thrive? thanks!
my pump was so weak it wouldn't push water up..i tried turning it all the way up to no joy.  i went to the local pet shop and they were out of air pumps...until oct!  they gave me a loaner until then. ( i love small town business's) now it is back to full speed on the air.  i fabricated a light, am sure it is not the right spectrum but it seemed to help...here is a picture of my light and it highlights why i am having so much trouble getting my plants to grow.  hope the link works.   https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-ay259xvohwm/uhi8jgegiti/aaaaaaaalxu/gze7ffybcya/w383-h681-no/20130823_182421.jpg
my 2 red delta guppies must still be happy....my tank is full of babies today. yikes...
@gm p cristian with back to the roots - personally, i like to use a fluorescent light bulb. it is good for growing herbs, small vegetables, and other small plants indoors. you can pay a visit to your local hardware store to ask about an inexpensive light fixture. once you get it i would recommend you keep it on during the day and turn it off when the sun goes down so that you are mimicking the sun. hope this helps, cristian de leon marketing research intern back to the roots
@konstanty hordynski thanks for the feedback! i wanted to check in and see how your plants are doing i don't have much light in my apartment and alfalfa and mint are doing well. i'd love to see photos of your setup! i really appreciate you taking the time to share your experience-- super helpful! also to address some of your suggestions:  -you guys can find an aquafarm faq here: http://www.backtotheroots.com/blog/120 -we're working on the pump and are going with a stronger tubing for the af -for those who are searching, you can find kordon products at homegrownponics.com -we're working on gathering some more info about fish care for our aquafarmers really appreciate the push and i can't say enough how awesome this community has been! it's been a treat building the aquafarm with you all! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@bactotheroots.
@drew-- thanks so much for the feedback! nice to hear that your new pump is functioning well. try pinching the tube with a rubber band to slow the flow of air. you may want to move the pump outside of the unit to reduce the noise and increase it's functionality as well. interesting feedback about the food! i'll definitely have to look into that and will test it out. water changes are not necessary. is there a reason why you are changing the water? the plants strip the water of ammonia and create a safe tank for your fish. so no need to change the water. is the tank dirty? would love to learn more about this and even check out photos of your tank and set up. also it's very important to keep a warm environment for your betta fish. this heater is a good option for the aquafarm for anyone else who is looking: http://amzn.to/18oyisk thanks again! jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
so, my pump looks like it has stopped functioning. suggestions on a replacement?
anyone has any experience putting in a light?
as suggested by @konstanty hordynski, i got the top fin mini air pump (air-500). wow, it's much stronger than the included pump. maybe even too strong, i'm a little worried that the current may be too much for my betta. where the included pump would put several bubbles per second through the tube, the top fin is just a massive blur of bubbles. it barely fits in the included space so the feet of the pump don't sit on the bottom to absorb the vibration, and the strength of the pump actually causes a lot of water gurgling sound as the water comes out of the top. thinking i may need to poke some holes in the tube at the top or get some kind of inline adjustment valve. the included food was causing a lot of cloudiness with my previous betta, as a lot of them would sink like a rock to the bottom of the tank immediately. i switched to dried blood worms, as that's what petco feeds their betta's, and that's where i got mine. they're not supposed to cloud the tank, but my betta loves them and devours them all so there's no chance of it clouding. doing partial water changes is also very difficult with this design, between the cups of plants and the grow tray leaking water all over the place. i may have to try the siphon method someone else suggested, but would be nice if version 2 would fix this issue too. i have all 5 pots full of basil growing, and a large amount of stray root matter pieces that float around in the grow tray ends up inside the tank, v2 needs some kind of mesh filter to keep the root matter contained to the grow tray. v2 should include a heater as well, betta's like it pretty warm, and during the summer it's fine, but room temp during the winter is going to be a lot colder than a minimum of 72f. i've already noticed on some cold nights that the water temp has dropped into the high 60's. all that said, i'm pretty happy with the aquafarm even with these issues, it's a cool idea and i love the basil and my betta swimming around my dining room. i just hope v2 addresses these issues to make it flawless!
ours has been up and running for about a month.  the wheatgrass grew well and was harvested, and now i'm growing both lettuce and basil, in an attempt to stagger plantings so something always growing and cleaning the water.  here's my problem - the air filter isn't working properly.  if i push the flexible tube all the way down into the rigid tube, no bubbles appear.  if i pull it up some, bubble appear, but there isn't enough force that water is pushed into the grow bed to feed the plants and clean the water for my betta fish.  i ordered more tidy tank and have added some to the tank to deal with sludge (since i thought that was the problem with the tubing) but so far nothing's changed.  any advice?
@ vicky kang, my fish also died as well, likely due to similar causes. cloudy water is a sign that there had been a lot of wastes, likely algae that has decayed. the algae bloom decay will cause a hypoxiation of the fish and turn the water acidic. i am still trying to find a right balance with my tank. i switched to a stronger pump to allow better water filtering, an extra air pump to create a mini current in the tank to oxygenate the tank and allow better movement of wastes, and added a few snails to keep algae down.
actually, i'm having bigger issues than the pump noise. after reading some of the responses below about the strength of the pump, i had a closer look, and even though there were bubbles going through the tube, and the pump was set to full strength, zero water was being recycled into the grow tray. i guess that explains why betta #1 died last week. so after putting the pump upright, and filling the water level so that it touches the grow tray, the water is now circulating. problem is now i can't put the lid on properly with the pump sticking straight up.
can anyone recommend a quiet pump that will fit inside the aquafarm?
@matte baceda-- thank you so much for your thoughtful feedback! firstly lets talk about your fish! i love that you describe it as testy! nice to see that each betta has a different personality. zebra danios and guppies also work well in the aquafarm and tend to be a bit more lively. i love watching the danios chase each other around. we've been monitoring the pumps very closely and are currently sourcing a new pump. for now, we've learned that these pumps work best standing vertically so please don't hesitate to contact us if you need a new pump or longer tubing to run the pump outside of the unit.  also, the top does not fit neatly on to the bottom part. to make it look great is practically impossible, considering the constant fight with the pump. i also think that your dirty tank is a result of your failing pump. typically the aquafarm gets cloudy for 3-4 days after initial set up and then stays pretty clear. what you described is not right and we need to fix it. again please contact me asap! i really appreciate the candid feedback and without the kickstarter community we wouldn't be here and wouldn't be able to continually improve the aquafarm. thank you! looking forward to hearing from you soon. best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@russ burke-- thanks so much for the feedback! i just tracked your pump and it's on it's way.. i'll message you with the tracking #. can you send me some photos of your tank? we've adjusted our mold a bit and may have fixed the top fitting issue you mentioned. any photos would be super helpful! your plant growth concerns me as well. what plants are growing? if the wheat grass took off then you may want to opt for plants that do well in indirect light. alfalfa has been a super star and i'm sure you can source seeds for other sprouts as well. i say experiment a bit. either way, i hope to hear back from you. best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@vicky kang, thanks so much for calling me back! excited for you to get started again and really appreciate you testing your water for us. fyi fam-- kordon is working on an all natural ph solution right now. until then, i definitely recommend using distilled water in your tanks if you're aware that the ph is high or if you've had a fish die in the past. also we're working on a fish care leaflet, but please feel free to reach out to us if you have questions! best,  jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
my fish just died (after 4 days) the water has been cloudy and i saw some waste floating around, but i thought it would clear up since my wheatgrass is growing well. the temperature was steady at an optimal 78. does anyone (including the aquafarm team) have any ideas how i can clean the tank, get it ready for a new fish?
well, it's been a few weeks since i was to get a replacement pump, still no arrival?  but let me put in my thoughts on this aquafarm. top does not fit well, very flimsy.  pump of course went out a week or so in operation.  the rocks on bottom of tank keep getting sucked in the air pump hole, so gotta put something there to keep them rocks out.  they supply 5 pots, but with the tank so small it is quite doubtful you will ever get 5 plants to grow together, just not enough fish to feed that many plants. overall i suppose it was a "kickstarter" lesson learned, and maybe if a replacement pump actually arrives i may feel better about this whole thing.  but as it stands if i would have seen this up close in a store i would have probably not purchased mainly due to size and design of tank, and a very flimsy top. so i have 2 growing, and they are doing ok
loving the comments and the suggestions, they are all very pertinent. my latest experiment seems to be working well....i seem to feed my fish too much, coupled with the fact that my husband likes to feed him too...resulting in yucky food pellets piling up on the bottom of the tank. so now i drop one tiny pellet in at a time, stopping when the fish ignores or spits the pellet out..problem solved, problem created.  now my snails are hungry because there is nothing extra for them to eat...so i began taking them out and putting them into a bowl of declorinated water with a food tablet each to eat.  after a couple of hours back in the tank they go, i feed them every other day.  result is cleaner water, less water changes.
@nani crandall, if you still haven't received your aquafarm - send me your backer id# in an email.  i'll be able to bring up your order and reply with an answer to your question. kindly, cristian de leon marketing research intern contact@backtotheroots.com
@pascal raabe thanks so much for the response! i've been keeping record of all of the feedback and using it to build a more comprehensive faq, as research for our next iteration of the aquafarm and improvements on the instructions. changes are already being made--- so thank you kickstarter community! all of the feedback we're receiving is super insightful! about your ph, it's best to get it close to 7.0 for the health of your fish. you can get ph balancing drops from any garden store and our partners at kordon are working on an all natural solution for balancing the ph. as far as adding iron goes... this is beyond my gardening skills so i'll pass along a tip from another customer. he said he added chelated iron (fe eddha) to his tank. i do know that adding iron is common practice in aquaponics so this advice sounds fine to me. most garden stores carry iron chealate so you can chat about with you local nursery as well for more info. as always i'll keep you all posted as i learn more as well. best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
hi all, thought i'd give you a quick update on my kit, as i've been reading all of the below comments, and have had some of the same worries, wonders, and questions. cloudy water: i too experienced cloudy water, after a day or two of cloudiness and worry, the water cleared up considerably. it's pretty clean now, now and my fish seems lively and happy. the plants: i planted four containers of the salad mix and one of the wheat grass. i figured the wheat grass would grow the fastest and thus start the filtration process the soonest. i was right, it's roots are big and it seems to be thriving. the salad mixes have sprouted but are not thriving yet, i think i just don't have enough light for them in my house. i bought some additional seeds of different herbs (marjoram, thyme) and will try those in a little bit. the pump: i've replaced the pump with the tetra whisper pump mentioned below. it is important to note that it's possible to regulate its intensity to minimize the gurgling noise. the pump itself is really really quiet and essentially not audible. i bought new tubing that is a lot more flexible and allows the pump to be outside of the tank. fish behavior: my fish took a few days to adjust to the environment. he seems to be happy now and is finally eating regularly. don't worry if he doesn't eat at first, in my experience, it might take a few days. i am thinking of providing some variety of food to change things up. also, i added the a plastic plant and a ceramic log he can swim through to improve his quality of life. my little fish friend immediately took to the plant and is now beginning to explore the log. finally, down the road,  i am thinking of replacing the rocks in the tank as i could stand to look at some nicer ones, and honestly i am worried that the current rocks might fray my fish's fins. here are links to the things i bought and mention above: - new pump: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0009yj4n6/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00… - improved tubing: http://www.ebay.com/itm/161083316257… - plastic plant: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b001b5a6hk/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00… - ceramic log: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b003zw9au6/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i01… suggestions: - provide a faq - upgrade the tube quality - resolve the pump on its side issue - provide a listing of places to purchase more supplies (like the food, bacteria, dechlor, etc.)  - provide suggestions on quality of life improvements for the fish
just to get a few things clear. a lot of people are having pump trouble. i personally haven't set my system up yet due to needing time, however i have read the instructions. the pump clearly states in it's information that it has to be standing up, yet you chose this pump and designed it to lay down? could anyone post their setup with the pump standing up because there isn't really a nice place to run the hose from if you put the pump outside the tank.
wanted to leave feedback on my system, so that it can be improved. fish is fun to interact with. the betta fish is really testy. pump has really been struggling. tube, orifices and pump layout are really making it malfunctioning. i find that the pump has gotten weaker to the point where no water recirculation is possible any more. i must have spent probably 2 hours total readjusting the tube. tight bends in the plastic tube cut pressure. layout design is suboptimal. also, the top does not fit neatly on to the bottom part. to make it look great is practically impossible, considering the constant fight with the pump. pump is also very noisy and constantly hot. what's the cost in electricity, i wonder. at this point, we need to change the water once a week, as the water is filthy + smells foul. that defies the whole point of the self cleaning fish tank. suggestions are welcome.  i am thinking that the pump chosen, tubing and layout are not what it should be. i think that an horizontal hole for the tube that would not force a 90 degree bend would have been a better option. save for nikhil and alejandro coming in and save the day with another pump, + recommendations this has turned out to be another so so kickstarter project. i know they care about this project, but it was supposed to be really straightforward, much more than what it is.
thanks for the clarification, jasmine. the water had cleared up now. i'm monitoring the parameters carefully and get a consistent 0.6 reading for ammonia at a ph of 8-8.5. i'd like to get the ph down but i have no idea how to achieve that. plants are doing fine (week 2) but i can already see they're looking a bit faint, so supplementing chelated iron would probably be not a bad idea, again i have no idea how to actually do that. the yellowing of the water was due to tannins released from a piece of bog wood i used to decorate the tank (rookie mistake). i removed the piece and replaced with plastic ornaments until all the tannins are boiled out, then i might put it back. it would be good to put together some faqs as some people are making some really serious mistakes due to a complete lack of information on how to run this system (e.g. installing filters and therefor rendering the whole aquaponics concept useless). also good to finally get some clarification on the water level. i suspected it would be the frosted line but the instructions said 1 inch below the growbed. the frosted line is more like 1cm below the growbed. i was worried the betta wouldn't get enough air if i fill it up too high. is that an americans way of approximating measurements? does it mean 1 cap of d-klor actually means a quarter cap? (only kidding, well, half kidding)
hello, i have recently moved and i don't know who i should notify about my change of address to receive the aquaponics kits... please help!! thank you guys so so much for your dream, your vision and making them reality!! love! <3
@naga & @pascal about cloudy water-- the water will get cloudy after the first day or two of setting up and then become clear again after 4-7 days. you'll notice this cycle happen every once in awhile. it's very normal and there's no need to add an additional filter. just be sure not to overfeed your fish and be mindful of keeping the water level high by topping off your tank regularly. you want to be sure that the tank is filled all the way to the frosted line. i hope this helps! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@ michelle z. thanks so much for the heads up! we're learning that the pump does indeed work much better standing up outside of the unit. happy to send folks proper tubing if needed. just send us a quick email. thank you all for supporting us and helping us make the aquafarm even better! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
i still have not received my aquafarm.  i received a survey a few days ago asking for feedback. when will i get it?
my "rigid tube" was not attached and i'm concerned that this isn't circulating the water properly...
i still have not received my aquafarm, yet today i received a survey via email asking me for feedback.  what's going on guys?  where's my farm?
i still haven't received my tank yet.  is there any update on if all the kits have shipped?
my aqua farm stared to crack...why is this happening and what should i do? the cracks are forming in the lower corner of the tank's plastic.
@omar actually we got it up on our site for your convenience, check it out here :) http://www.backtotheroots.com/storage/aquafarm_printable_instructions.pdf
@omar no problem, if you just send us an email to contact[at]backtotheroots.com we can forward you a copy of the instructions. but we have all the core information right about the aquafarm here on our faq page: http://www.backtotheroots.com/faq. good luck!
hi,  is it possible to view a copy of the setup instructions online? thanks, omar
fyi all with pump problems - try top fin® 500 mini air pump from petsmart (purchased online - delivered on 3 days, not costly) so far so good.   a lot stronger then the original pump.  rated for up to 5 gallons. quieter too. getting better water recycling back down from the grow bed. a bit snug in the space in the grow bed for the pump, but will see.  i haven't re-done the plants yet.  giving the pump a few days.
@douglas hanisch thanks so much for the tip!
well after trying to contact them to ask for replacement pump, they did not respond.  so figure maybe i will post here so they and everyone can see the continued problem many are having.  yup pump was out of commision not even a month into it.  will you guys please send replacement?
what a rollercoaster of emotions the aquafarm is ;) only a few days in and the fish still seems happy. i'm feeding him 10 of the pellets every day. he's done some poop, so i guess that means he's happy. the circulation is working fine, i insulated the pump with some bubble wrap so it's a bit quieter. i balanced the grow tray very carefully so that water runs back into the tank through both drip holes. it's a bit fiddly but it seems to work. in the pots the basil and lettuce is beginning to sprout, a sign that they got enough water at least. i can't say much about the nutrients as i have no measurement of this. the water is turning very yellow though (about the same colour as healthy human urine). i'm a bit concerned about this. i measured ph and ammonia levels and it shows that the water is ph 8.5 with 0.6 ammonia. that seems not too bad to me but it is a higher ph than the water that came out of the tap, which is a bit strange. so based on this setup experience here's some feedback for improvement: - please give some information for sourcing appropriate supplies especially for international users. zymbac and tidytank do not exist outside the us and the packaging doesn't state the exact ingredients which makes sourcing replacements very difficult. this is very important! - please give some information about how to care at least for the type of fish that you recommend strongly (betta splendens). you include fish food with the aquafarm and the best you can do is saying "refer to the packaging of the fish food"? i think you can do better. - choose a pump that is suitable to be operated in the way that it fits the aquafarm. the pump included obviously doesn't fit as it is not designed to be operated on its side. it really baffles me why you took this risk. - add an adjustment mechanism (this could be as simple as some type of plastic screw mechanism on both sides) to level the grow bed. - frost the plastic on the sides to eliminate the mirror effect inside the tank. it's driving a betta fish insane. - give some information about monitoring and maintaining the aquafarm. it would be much more educational if you tell us what to look out for and what it means for the system. aquaponics is a very tricky thing to get right as it's all about the balance between the fish and the plants. it's not hydroponics and it's not an aquarium, so people seeking advice in relation to either of the two will probably get the wrong advice. saying "just add fish" is over-simplifying it in a bid to con gullible amateurs and kids. it doesn't do you any favours. it would help your good cause if you're honest about the risks and challenges of running a system like this well, instead of making it look like it's simply a fish tank with some herbs on top. i hope you take this feedback on board. it's a great idea but there are some frustrations. luckily they're relatively easy to iron out. keep up the good work!
was wondering when i would receive the aquafarm. then i got a call from customs about seeds and fish food in the package, despite the fact i was notified that these would be removed for international customers, which resulted in a week long hold up at quarantine. nonetheless, it just got cleared without any fine and should be arriving tomorrow! was also told that all australian backers should be receiving theirs by the end of this week. excited!
i replaced my failed pump with an external tetra whisper pump ($12), and some black airline. it comes with a throttle valve to regulate the air flow. silent, and works well.
@aron gragnani interesting that your basil grew before the lettuce. would love to be kept in the loop on how your plants come along! best,  jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@noah fleming thanks so much for the comments! 1. i'd be happy to send you a new pump or i recommend the tetra whisper air pump and 2. can you email me some photos of your pump setup? i'm super interested to learn about the nutch you cut into the grow bed. looking forward to hearing from you! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
this seems like the best forum type place to post comments. my tank has been up and running for about a week now. the basil has sprouted up and is about an inch tall. the wheat grass has shot up to 4" already but the lettuce hasnt popped up at all yet. hopefully that'll start up soon.
@noah f. i am trying top fin® mini air pump from petsmart. i'll let you know how it goes.  just ordered it so will be a few days.
@stephanie law, thanks so much for the comment! sounds like your water may have a high ph. one customer suggested adding chelated iron (fe eddha) to the water to address the yellowing issue. also, you'll want to make sure that your plants have plenty of light or try growing low light plants such as wheatgrass. i hope this helps and please feel free to reach out with more questions! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
pump is dead. can someone tell me where i can buy a decent replacement? would it be possible to run a quieter one out the unit with longer tubing?
@pascal, the water is murky because of ? fish ? or plants, mine is murky for a day n night but nex is done cleared.. and since i just bought an internal filter so i messed up the aquarium again. now with resun internal mini filter all is well. changing to external filter tomorrow testing out bigger capacity cleaning.
i was very excited to find out that my aquafarm was shipped.  then i got a call from customs that they had found fish food and seeds in the package - this is despite the information that you would remove those for international shipments... if i'm lucky i will avoid a fine let alone not being entirely sure if i'll receive the aquafarm! dissapointed to say the least.
pump died after a few weeks.  any chance of getting a new one???  still issue of water not filtering back down very well when the pump was working. have to clean out the tank completely every week because it gets really gunky with the filter working so slowly.
day 2 and the water is already beginning to get really cloudy. what i don't understand is how filtration is going to happen if the plants are not developed yet. don't you need roots for this? i worry about my fish. i think the instructions are really sparse and don't mention any of these things, which causes stress and panic for people caring about the health of their fish (i can't begin to imagine how i would explain this to kids). that's something you definitely need to improve. in the meantime i appreciate any advice you can give.
my tank is murky maybe because i add some plants in it, anyone can suggest a submersible filter pump ? or maybe its not suggestible ? the one in the ebays are mostly with the thick wiresthat cant passes through the aquaphonic trays. appreciate the reference..
hello, another week and still no word regarding the kit. quoting one of your comments from below: "our next aquafarms will come with stronger flexi-tubes. thanks so much for all of the feedback!" at this point i would rather just hold off on receiving my kit until a second generation that may actually work as advertised. especially considering i paid $100.00 hoping to be able to request the color purple as the custom as this was a christmas gift for my fiance who loves purple and then not have that be a color option when the options were provided. i dont even care if at that point there are only the options for white as i had only requested the color thinking that purple would be an option. is it possible to postpone receiving my kit until a design with working components is developed?
to solve the tube kinking i cut a small notch in the plastic facing forward, instead of going out the side, it goes straight out and wraps around.
hi guys, so glad i just received the aquaphonic kit. several things i want to inform. 1. the kita was so dirty when i open it up apparently it wasn't being cleaned properly before packing. so i have to clean everything up again 2. the pump died in couple hours, its noisy too. 3. it's was damaged with a long line of scratch or cracked in the top right corner. it didn't reach the water level but it looks ugly. a. i am glad to have received it so fast via dhl. it's expensive but fast, for this who got tracking number has to inform dhl first. for them to cross check with custom as once they pay you can't claim back , but this happen maybe by country import policy b. i am happy with the complete instruction and complete kits out of the box c. it's beautiful aside from 1,2,3 great venture just need more attention to the details :)
i sent an email but have had no reply. my pump died less than 24hrs of setting  it up... it's been over a week now. i assume as i live in the uk i'll just have to buy another and suck up the cost?
i haven't received my tank yet.  could you look into it?
i replaced my tubing with the following product and it has greatly decreased the amount of noise from my tank, i was able to purchase it at the local pet store.   http://www.petsupplies.com/item/deep-blue-silicone-aquarium-air-tubing/720518/ i also was surprised to read on the instructions that came with the included air-pump that it is supposed to be used in an upright position, not lying on its side. perhaps being able to use it in it's intended position would also decrease noise? i have my tank in the living room and so the noise from the tank is not a concern but i know it has been for some.
why dhl... which is the worst company possible to ship something...paid a 50$ shipping fee and then i end up with a 60$ tax which was expected with dhl. very disappointed...for sure no more aquafarms for me and no recommendations...
hey guys-- i've noticed a few comments about the tubing kinking up. if you need new tubing, i'd be happy to mail some to you. our next aquafarms will come with stronger flexi-tubes. thanks so much for all of the feedback! jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
hi,  i ordered and had a tank shipped to a friend (in fremont). i'm about to visit them but don't have much time there. would you please tell me what i need to do to get the tank set-up and running once i'm there? do you have set-up instructions online? many thanks! o
i received my aqua farm yesterday (uk), very excited to get going. it's a bit disappointing that i have to buy a voltage converter too, i assumed you considered this when offering the product to international backers. it would be really helpful to get some info together for people outside the us, for example where to buy supplies like zym bac and tidy tank, or a replacement pump if this one breaks. googling yields no results for these products and i have no idea where to even start. it makes everything a lot more complicated than i hoped for. any help appreciated.
my pump seems to be fine, as does the beta fish, but my plants keep dying. when i first received my kit a month ago, i followed all the directions, then transplanted two 6" lettuce plants i had already. those are growing okay, not great. the other three cups, i have attempted putting seedlings at various stages, from a few days sprouted, to a few weeks, and using several varieties of lettuce. everything aside from the initial two plants has died within a matter of days (2-6 days at most). i've had 8 plants die now. as soon as i transplant into the pots, they get wilted, and start to turn yellow. now, the initial two plants are starting to wilt a little as well, after a month. any idea what might be wrong?
@soonghay thanks so much for the comment and glad to hear that you're all set up! you can try pulling the cord taught or turning your pump down to the lower setting to reduce the noise. i actually turn my pump off every night and my aquafarm is running great! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
has any international backer received an email asking for more money in shipping charges?
@kevin searle thanks so much for the comment! great note about the grow light! i'd love to see photos of your setup so i can suggest lamps for others in your situation. other than ample light--- i've noticed plants die due to malfunctioning pumps. the pump automatically turns to a lower setting and then turns off once it reaches a certain temperature. try unplugging your pump tonight and then tuning it back on tomorrow-- don't forget to water your plants! of course if your pump has for some reason died, please feel free to email us. we'll get you out a replacement asap! also for everyone else, i recommend unplugging your pump at least 2-3 times a month-- to keep it from burning out. best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
hi. i'm still so excited about the aquafarm, but i have yet  to receive mine. i'm in california, ordered the colored tank and the extra one for increasing my donation. are they lost in the mail?
i received mine last friday and got them all put together on sunday.  i planted a few starter plants and am waiting for my organic seeds to arrive as i live in canada and couldn't get any with the kits.  everything seems to be working fine.  i have noticed the same as other people with a slight bowing in the tray which makes things not quite fit together perfectly.  i cushioned the pump with a piece of kleenex and it has reduced the noise substantially. i too had to pay an additional $30 to dhl which i am not pleased about.  i try not to do business with people that use them for shipping because the shipping usually ends up costing more than the product.  overall good product.  hopefully the feedback gets incorporated into future batches.  dhl is a big draw back for me for future purchases though.
hi guys i just got my tank today but there was a huge crack from the top edge down the middle :/ can i still use the tank?
hi! got my aquafarm last week. and i live in sweden so i had to buy an adapter  for the pump + seeds. the pump lasted for 3 days and is now broken. had to buy à new pump. so the total price for me about 160 $ for the aquafarm. not worth buying if you are not from us.
hello today i got the fish tank . there was only 4 of this plant insserts. but i think that there must be 5 . one is missing . please help regards hauke p.s. i can not use the pump because we have here 220 v and a different plug .
just set up my aquafarm. everything seems working fine. however the pump is making loud noise. it can be a little annoying with the buzzing sound.  anything i can do to reduce the noise?
thanks, just got my 2 tanks today! but what gives... an addition $21.21 in shipping cod?   i already paid my premium in shipping!  not impressed. just a quick fyi for all people shipping to canada from the us to canada... only ever us fedex or us postal service.  dhl & ups will cost you repeat business.
i have received a tracking number and mine should be here in a day or two.  i will know then if i have to pay anything more on it.  it's coming by dhl who in every experience i've had with always asks for more money at the door.  i will post when i find out if and how much i had to pay.  wasn't duty paid with the purchase?  i am sure that i confirmed with back to the roots that what we paid covered tax, duty and all the fees.
did other international backers have to pay duty fees? just got my tank, so i'm super excited about that at least.
we added some fixes today...need to know how to share pictures if it is possible?  here is what we did without pictures, we bought some airline tubing, airline holders, airline connector kit, a air-500 air pump and a small 4" round air stone-all top fin brand.  we will be buying another air-500 pump tomorrow(at first we thought we could power the air stone and the original plant bubbler with the larger pump but it is not strong enough)  so, first we drilled a hole in each corner of the cup holder section, needed one for the new pump and the air stone and did the other three in case we needed them later.  we installed the round air stone in the bottom of the tank and threaded the tubing from the stone, through one of the drip holes in the grow tray(on the left) and out the newly drilled hole in the back left corner, attached the tubing to the new air pump and used velcro to attach new pump to the back of the tank.  we are still using the old pump...(but please note that you may adjust the amount of air pressure by twisting the two ends of the original pump...found that out by accident).  still the pump is too weak so will replace it tomorrow.  now we have a very happy fish that is standing on his head nipping at the bubbles from the air stone.  we did have to install a regulator on the new pump because it was causing too much of a current through the air stone and poor finnz gill was struggling to stay upright.  we also bought a moss ball to help with filtration.  another thing we have given up on is the vegies...now using alysum flower seeds and a grow light as i just feel that we need roots right now to filter.  we bought this unit as a test project as we intend to do aquaponics on a large scale to feed a family of four with both fish and vegies.  i don't believe we have it 'right' just yet and i hope that the instructions sent out with new units are more geared to do this and this and this...and if this happens do this...etc...need lots more detail on what to expect and what may occur and how to address it.  i know we will need to go through a cycle..and i dread it because it really stresses the fish out and i would really appreciate some information on what to do when the ammonia levels skyrocket, been doing some small water changes but today did a full change and started over...what a difference in the way the fish and the snail acted.  again...any help appreciated.
hi, love the kit but we've got a problem in my household. all our plants keep dying. we've lost a basil, rosemary and our sage is pretty much dead. our new hydroponic basil (we purchased seperately) is now wilting, only a spearmint is hanging on and it doesn't look good :( anyone have advice? my wife set up a grow light nearby to make sure they're getting enough light - that was one concern we had because the size of the kit prevents us from using our windowsills.
an update for us internationals would be nice since it's been weeks with nothing. sort of glad i didn't get a second one as a christmas gift last year :/
@vik ressy thanks so much for the comment! i'm not sure... can you please email me a photo of your tank and the bulge so i can check it out? thanks so much! jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
we had to start over, i re-ordered supplies, but forgot the zym-bac (and shipping costs more than the actual product, so it would be painful to do another order)- is it possible to start the tank without it?
hello, any idea when the international orders are going out? i haven't received a shipping letter or an update in weeks. thanks!
michelle, the only thing you really can do is cut the tube. i only had to cut it about half an inch. it's really not a very good design to force the tube to turn so much.
perry, i was thinking the same thing about the kink in the tubing, how did you remove the kink?
after removing the kink from the tubing, it looks like the pump may be the problem. it seems like its not blowing enough air to pull up the water. do you guys offer replacement pumps?
has anyone else noticed the rubber tubing getting kinked inside the top of the tank so that it can not push air through it anymore? i think it may be a design flaw forcing the rubber tubing to be routed around so much.
@david doyle: we've shipped out all the domestic white kits but have just started shipping the colored kits since the colors were run through the mold last. you should have your by the end of next week since you are only one state away. best, jasmine jackson  contact@backtotheroots.com
as a backer in the states (oregon) i still have not received the order or even shipping details.  i am tempted to order one that is up for sale on your webpage that states they ship in 3-5 days to see which one gets here first.
when changing the water, obviously i should use water that has been dechlorinated, but should i also add more zymbac? also, i've noticed over time that the central air tube where the water gets pumped up from has some growth of what is likely algae at the bottom of it. do i need to worry about this or can i just leave it be?
i haven't noticed any bowing, but i am going to check it out tonight... over all my tank is running nice, the pump was a bit noisy but after playng with the pump location and positioning it seems to have mellowed a bit.  i can still hear it inthe morning or at night when there is no other noise, but it isn't bad.  i did notice the tube has risen a bit from where it was when i filled the tank, i'll have to keep an eye to make sure no guppies swim up it.  i have 4 guppies in there, a little more than recommended, but they are doing fine and have been for a few weeks. i forget which seeds i used, but i only did one and they seemed to take off and then sputter out.  i was thinking of putting a small grow light above the tank on a time, since i don't really have anywhere with good light.  so far i am happy with it and my wife likes it (more important!)
there's bowing on my aquafarm too, but it's not a fatal problem... yet... hopefully. =)
problem 1: super noisy from the vibrations of the little air pump solution 1: 3' tubing ($0.91 cad at the mall), route it through the pipe, through where the pump was, through where the power cord should be, put the air pump outside the aquafarm, it actually sits pretty still and quiet on the rubber sit upright! problem 2: original air pump barely pumping any air, no bubbles, stressed fishes solution 2: rip out the 2nd pump from my 2nd aquafarm, works perfect problem 3: now i'm short a air pump, the first one died in a week. solution 3: please send replacement, and maybe use a external air pump and longer tubing in the future builds?
after a rocket start, all the plants seemed to wither and die.  maybe my little beta doesn't poop enough to feed the plants.   will pick up some seeds and see if i can get some herbs to grow.
i have yet to receive my aquafarm. any idea when i should expect it?
....and one more question.  my grow cups(full of rocks and growing wheat grass, basil and lettuce) all have a layer of white fuzzy mold growing on top of them.  is this typical?  and how much sun, or should i use a grow light.  plants seem spindley.  thanks...and that was two questions!
my tray is sagging a bit, nothing too important now, but it seems to be getting somewhat worse with difficulty in repositioning the grow bed back in the top.  very snug and the feeder flip is not moving smoothly.  the feedback on the water clouding has been very helpful.. my question, i have a gorgeous collection of rocks, ok to use after disinfecting them?  any advice on what type of plants to put in there, it does seem rather boring and the betta became very agressive after adding a couple of snails, he has settled down somewhat and i think the addition of bigger rocks and some plants may help (out of sight, out of mind)  thoughts?  tia!
@justin rager thank you  so much for the detailed feedback! i would absolutely love to see photos of your tank! also, i'm so sorry to hear about your poor fish! what kind of fish was it? great suggestion about adding more rocks to prevent the fish from swimming under the tube. we've done some experiments and is seems that for the most part, the tube doesn't really suck much up... it couldn't even suck up a wheatgrass seed. this leads me to believe that some (not all) of these poor fish we either (a) sick and having trouble swimming, or (b) curious about the air tube. best to keep them from swimming under the tube at all. our main focus for improvement on the next aquafarm is changing the length and size, or possibly adding a little grow stone. again, thank you and i look forward to seeing photos of your setup! best, jasmine jackson contact@backtotheroots.com
@noah flemming-- can you please email me some photos of your tank? if your tank is just going through the normal cycle, then i assume that it will clear up within 1 week. also much of the gunk on the bottom is bacteria building up... it's super important the the entire floor of your tank is covered with shale or some sort of rocks for the bacteria to grow on. the additional rocks will mask the appearance of the bacteria as well. all this being said... i'd really appreciate any photos so i can help out however possible. thanks for the updates and i look forward to your email! best, jasmine jackson  contact@backtotheroots.com
still waiting for a replacement tank as my tank was damaged when i received it.  shipping was initiated last monday but still has not shipped :( i therefore have not been able to see for myself the bowing people are talking about with their tanks, however i did see it when looking at the pictures of the tanks on the back to roots website.  i am wondering if you will be selling the re-engineered parts or will we have to buy a whole new system once you work out the bowing issues?
hey guys, finally made the trip back from the states to pick up my unit.  after setting it up today, i was disappointing to see major instances of bowing on both sides of the plant bed.  there is about a gap of a quarter inch on both sides of the plant bed due to the bowing. the top does not seal well on the flower bed.  the flower pots do not stay in, as soon as one is fastened in place, the other's pop out (this is due to the top being seemingly out of shape). as it is right now, i'm a little disappointed with my unit after all of this wait. i understand that it was an early unit, but with all the delays... this is incredibly frustrating. just a note: i would not completely recommend buyers the gourami fish.  they are a rather demanding large species that require at least 10 gallons of water to make their own environment, otherwise they will be incredibly stressed. hopefully you guys can help out with this issue!!!
@noah fleming, you can always turn the pump off at night-- your fish will be fine :) -jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@tim yeung great question! you can simply trim the wheatgrass to about 1" and it will re-grow a couple of time! happy aquafarming :) jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@tim keizer thanks for the comment! international shipping is in progress! i think at the very least all canadian orders will be out by the end of next week and we're still working on all other international orders. i'll be in touch with an update when i have more info! thanks so much for all of your patience guys! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@stacy shein stapleton would love to see photos of your setup! it sounds like so much fun! also, how is the water doing. if it doesn't clear up in about 1 week can you please email us a photo? you'll notice that the water will alternate dripping from each hole.. it's very normal for it to only be dripping from one hole and diffusion will naturally occur and keep the fish tank's water balanced.... so no worries there! thanks so much for the feedback and again, can't wait to see pictures and for more updates! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
hey guys, can you update me on the international shipping ( ... to me would be nice :), wondering when i can receive this beauty, thanks!
what is the process to regrow the wheatgrass? should i remove the roots or can i sprinkle new seeds over the existing in order to keep the roots in the grow bed working? thx
my pump died a couple days ago. i just woke up and it was not working anymore. any chance i could get a replacement?
what can we do about the pump? realistically?  solutions? this thing is way to loud in my daughter's room.. we've tried wrapping it in cloth, more foam etc...
@douglas hanisch thanks so much for the feedback-- can you please send us some photos of the bowing? we're working with our manufacturer on this issue right now and are making super detailed adjustments to our mold. as i've stated earlier any photos are really helpful and we are working on this right now. about your pump, i'm happy to send you a replacement and am super sorry that yours died! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@josh penzell glad to hear that your plants are growing well! is the water dripping down into your tank yet? the grow bed does get a little convoluted with "stuff", but that's what feeds your plants? clean water should be dripping back into your tank by now though! please let me know and of course feel free to send me photos! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@grym looks amazing! thanks so much for sharing the photos! i'm considering shrimp for my tank too!! i really appreciate you keeping us all in the loop and i look forward to more updates!
grym, read this too late. i went to my local pet store. she sold me a vacuum which only made it worse. i've changed the water, the fish seem happy... so we'll see how it goes. i guess i should go buy some zymbac and throw it in.
i still haven't gotten my aquafarm or my shipping information :(
got ours up and running 2 days ago.  quick and easy.  kids had a blast! have a beta (ralph) and a snail (speedy).  the kids named them.  both seem to be doing well. even have wheat grass sprouts just coming up!  we added a sponge bob pineapple house, some small plants and some medium sized colored stones.  again kid choices :-) we do have a bit of bowing on the grow bed, but not a big problem.  we did not do our set up in the final location so we will need to move it from the kitchen table to the living room window at some point.  it is quite heavy. our water is pretty murky and am waiting to see what happens. both ralph and speedy seem fine.  busy exploring so not too worried yet.  i am concerned about the water filtering.  i think because of the way the bed is bowing only one of the return holes is letting water back in from the grow bed.  i can shift it but then just the other return hole works.  never can get both draining.  any suggestions?? also, we added some additional packing foam (similar to what was provided) around the pump.  still humming but not so bad.  so any help on the return hole draining issue would be great thanks!
@noah well it is impossible for me to diagnose something without seeing it (so that's my disclaimer on this being only advice and i am not an expert). i would personally leave it alone (at most do a water change and maybe pull some of the gunk from the bottom out using the same siphon method i mentioned below). i think what you are seeing is likely just a bacterial bloom and it will normalize by itself over time. this is a very basic rundown of what happens chemically when an aquarium is started up. you start with clean water. you add fish which add their waste products to the clean water. this is essentially ammonia. ammonia is bad and will eventually kill your fish. but a bacteria colonizes (this is what the zymbac was for...it helps along this cononization that would take much longer on its own) that processes ammonia and turns it into nitrites. nitrites are also bad for fish so it's a good thing another bacteria turn them into nitrates. nitrates (also bad) are usually kept in check by water changes for normal aquariums. in this aquarium though the nitrates are being used as food/fertilizer for the plants and being taken out of the water as the plants consume them. in a nutshell, you added fish and therefore ammonia to your tank. a lot of ammonia means a lot of bacteria multiplying and eating that ammonia and beginning this "nitrogen cycle". sometimes an aquarium cycling takes over a month to happen and for everything to kinda equalize chemically. until a full cycle occurs there can be cloudy water and nasty growths. the most you can do is let it happen if your fish aren't stressed or do water changes if you want to lessen the chemical levels a bit while the cycling happens. don't start over with 100% clean water. a cycle needs to happen. you need bacteria to break down these waste chemicals...and the bacteria populations and chemical levels need time stabilize.
thanks, grym. my daughter' tanks was relatively clean, and has suddenly gone to extremely cloudy with a gross layer of something on the entire bottom. it seems to be do everything but cleaning itself..... help? should i take the fish out to give the tank a cleaning and start over? the fish that was sucked up the tube was replaced. my daughter things he just changed colors.
@noah fleming - regarding doing a water change without making a mess or needing to balance the grow bed: get a piece of tubing a couple feet long (like the one that attaches to the air pump). any fish store will have some. also get a pail. insert tube into the feeding hole of the tank and into the water and hold it there so it remains under the water. place pail below the tank water level (as long as it remains lower than the tank, siphoning will work). suck (just a little to get it going!) on the dry end of the tubing. water should begin continuously flowing from tank to the pail. allow to continue until the amount of water you want to change has been removed from the tank. to stop the siphoning either pull the one end of the tubing out of the water or just raise the end not in the water higher than the underwater end. then you can add your new water slowly through the feeding hole or into the grow tray.
@jasmine - thanks. everything is still doing great with my aqua farm! :) my chives and basil have been spouting since my last post and my lettuce continues to thrive as well. my red delta guppies are doing great.  i’m looking into picking up a couple cherry shrimp to add to my tank and help scavenge (since i tend to overfeed). but need to wait until after vacation…which reminds me, i need to go pick up a time-release feeder block. aquafarm: http://i.imgur.com/h5k4rvg.jpg plants (lettuce, basil, chives): http://i.imgur.com/w0u2asd.jpg
it seems that u guys are ignoring too answer international backers ?
after having my tank setup for a few weeks, i thought i'd provide some feedback. -setup was fairly simple. instructions were easy to follow and entire process (including purifying water and floating the fish) took about an hour. -i noticed, after following directions to fill the pots, that i did not have enough rocks to cover the bottom of the tank.  -within 72 hours, my fish was found dead in the suction tube. i have since rearranged some of the largest rocks from the tank, placing them directly underneath the tube to prevent my new fish from swimming underneath of it. this might be something to look into as it seems like i am not the only one who has experienced this. another option, as i have seen on other aquariums, is to place a small filter or strainer over the end to prevent rocks or fish from being sucked into the tube. -after a few days, bowing of the grow bed became obvious. so far, it has not impacted the functionality of the tank or the feeder access panel, but it does make it difficult to reseat the lid if you remove it. -motor is noisy. i can re-position the motor to reduce the sound temporarily. i will be looking into additional padding options to help with this. -started with the kaleidoscope lettuce - noticed growth after 3-4 days. wish we had received the mint (as indicated in emails several months ago) instead of wheat grass, but the lettuce is working beautifully. -tank is heavy when filled with water, and difficult to move. make sure you place it near the final location before filling the tank completely. -aesthetically, the tank looks great in my living room. big enough to be effective for growing, but small enough to not dominate the room visually. despite the few negatives i have encountered, i am still happy with the aquaponics tank. i will be happy to upload pictures of my tank in the next day or two. if anybody has any questions or would like additional feedback (nikhil and alejandro included), feel free to reach out to me. -justin
---what kinds of fish do you all have??--- hey all, i would love to hear about the fish you guys have in the aquafarm (and of course see photos!) of course our betta fish are amazing and happy, but our guppies and zebra danios are awesome too!! if you haven't gotten your new pet fish yet, betta fish work well in our system because they can breath from the top of the water. this is super important during the first few weeks when the ammonia levels are super high. if you want more than one fish guppies, zebra danios, and possibly male dwarf gourami could be suitable because they also have the labyrinth organ that allows them to breathe air from the top. again would love to be kept in the loop on how your fishies are holding up! best,  jasmine jackson community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
--about the aquafarm inputs-- *zymbac is a one time application of beneficial bacteria to help kickstart your aquafarm.  *tidy tank is a natural sludge eradicator. i recommend using it ~1/month; you can purchase more from homegrownponics.com *fish prep is a combination of therapeutic oils that help clean fish and boost their immune systems before being added to a new tank. the solution helps prevent fin rot, tail rot, and common bacterial infections. it also protects delicate slime coats and repairs damaged areas.- also one time use **not included but recommended** we've also used fish therapy provided by kordon (homegrownponics.com) for fish that come sick from the pet store or seem to be struggling. it's a combination of curative oils that treats fish damaged by aggression, handling or overcrowding . it also treats fin rot, tail rot, fungus and bacterial infections. i hope this is helpful! have been getting tons of questions about the aquatic products! happy aquafarming! jasmine jackson
any idea when the rest of us will be getting our tanks because i still haven't received an email saying it was shipped.
so it seems another side effect of the bowing plant bed is now the little lid you open for feeding tends to bind with the hole for it in the plant bed. it still works but i have to shift the cover around a bit every time i feed which is a bit annoying =|.
i'm was also wondering when i'd be getting mine (international backer). thanks!
just wanted to see how the international backers were coming along since it seems you are already selling them on amazon before everyone even has theres.
@congrui li how are your fish and shrimp doing? would love to see pictures! -jasmine jackson community happyness guru back to the roots contact@backtotheroots.com
@matthew craine thanks for the feedback! we decided to block out the root bed because the water gets pretty gross-looking after a while. interesting thought about the white plant pots! we specifically sourced white plant pots to help the unit look more cohesive. what do the rest of you think? white plant pots or black plant pots? this could be a simple change that we make down the line if folks prefer contrast. looking forward to hearing from you all! best, jasmine jackson community happyness contact@backtotheroots.com
@douglas hanisch cats love wheatgrass-- haha! it'll grow back a couple of times before you have to plant new seeds. hopefully you'll be able to enjoy the health benefits of wheatgrass as well this time :) -jasmine
@grym-- thanks so much for the photos... your tank looks amazing! how are the basil and chives doing now? are your little guppies doing well? our guppies in the office are doing amazing (so are the zebra danios)! i've also learned that male dwarf gourami have the same labyrinth organ that allows them to breathe air from the top of the tank like bettas do. if anyone has these fish i would love photos and would love to be kept in the loop on your fish's health! during the first month, ammonia levels can be less than ideal (this is why we recommend a betta fish) so it's really important to keep an eye on your pet fish. you can always do a 20% water change if your fish seems stressed. best, jasmine jackson community happyness  contact@backtotheroots.com
@fiatala salamo great feedback! would love to check out some photos of your tank... how is the water looking? it should have cleared up by now and your plants should be growing. also, you can use your own insulation to mute the pump further or simply turn it off at night. your betta and your plants will be fine :) again this is excellent feedback and i'd love to be kept in the loop on your experience! best, jasmine jackson community happyness  contact@backtotheroots.com
@david doyle thanks so much for the comment! custom color kits  will likely ship towards the end of next week... but i will be in touch with more specific information as soon as i hear back from our manufacturer. really appreciate your support and patience and thanks for the heads up about the website! we'll be updating it shortly to better reflect actual shipping times! best, jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
while checking for the bow in the seed tray, that others mentioned, i noticed a bulge in clear acrylic part of the tank - on both sides. is this normal and part of the design? thanks :)
just finished setting up the tank...i am glad now that i waited as i have been able to use some of the tips i read here to help get things started a little better. i especially appreciated the coupon for the betta. i feel like i liberated one out of the sad, small containers they come in, lol! he seems to be exploring the tank for now. seeds planted and now i will wait for the sprouts! seems like i read that it would be okay to use maybe a couple of starter plants in the other two unseeded planters. has anyone tried that? do they transition well from soil to the rocks? if so, i plan to get a lime basil and a cilantro plant.
hi, i still have not received the unit i ordered and also have not been emailed regarding shipping.  i live in oregon so wouldn't think location should be a factor in the delay. also this is a bit peeving since over a week ago i went to the back to the roots page and see there are units available that "usually ship in 3 to 5 days" is it possible to get any specific info on my shipping?
like others, one of my fish ended up dead in the suction tube. we;ve got basil in ours, so for - not so clean.......... what is the process for changing 20% of the water without making a huge mess? lifting off the top section and balancing it, you end up with all the water that was sitting in the plant section, in the tank. thanks
any idea when us canucks will be getting our tanks?  sounds like most people in the us have received theirs.
hi guys, i just rescued my betta from the suction tube.  similar situation as omar (i just read his case below).  i hope it makes it, he does not look too good.  is there an option for a different pump i can get?  i already reduced the pump power, and i will poke the holes later today, to prevent my fish from being sucked in again, but the sound is still a bit annoying.  it is a constant roaring that is driving me almost crazy thus it makes me wonder if by rescuing my fish i actually stopped a suicide attempt. also, can i add more rock to the substrate? if so, what do you recommend?
hey folks. just wanted to say, i received my aquafarm about a week ago, finally got it set up and got a betta a few days later. we are **loving** it!! as i said in the beginning, when i decided to contribute, "you had me at 'cleans itself'" - and, it really does! i've planted basil and wheatgrass, both growing successfully - the wheatgrass especially; lots of nice roots, and every morning the tip of each blade of grass has a tiny drop of dew on it! i'll forward a couple of pics to your contact email; you're welcome to share if you like. (the plant bed of mine *is* bowing the slightest bit, and the entire top is a bit sticky to put into the tank, seems almost slightly too big, but i don't consider either of these to be bad issues. my one question would be, is it ok to put a slightly thicker bit of foam under the pump for sound insulation?)
hi all! so, i didn't label my sprouts when i planted them, and now am having trouble distinguishing which are the basil and which the lettuce. i want to make sure to treat them accordingly as they begin to grow. the sprouts look different, so i'm curious if someone could post pictures of their just sprouting basil and just sprouting lettuce so i can figure out which is which! thanks!
@tim chen you can use normal tank rocks to cover the bottom of your aquafarm or empty some of your plant pots--the plant pots don't need to be filled all the way to the top. either way-- it's important to cover the floor of your tank! -jasmine
--fish health-- hey guys, i've notice a couple of comments about the fish having a tough time after transferring; while i've hopefully contacted you all in a private message i think it's important to note that it's best to check the ph of your water. you can purchase ph strips from your local petstore. or simply use distilled water for a 7.0 ph. of course feel free to consult your local petstore about best practices for transferring your pet fish and please please please email any feedback/learnings you have. (we're a little backed up on emails at the moment-- so feel free to give me a call at the office as well) best, jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
just set up my tank today.  loving it so far, but i do notice a small bowing on the lid/pot holder.  i hope that it doesn't get worse over time.  the only other concern is that the tank is pretty dark since no light enters from above.  if anyone has discovered a solution to this, i'd love to hear about it.  thanks!
email with a picture sent.  i will try some things when i get home and let you know how they worked out...my next agenda will be cat defense system.  little bugger has managed to kill all the lettuce.
about bowing-- hey fam, we'd like to put together a presentation for our manufacturing team and tackle this bowing issue that a few of you mentioned. can you please email photos to contact@backtotheroots.com with the subject "bowing photos"... really appreciate your support and feedback here! -jasmine
@gregor mcelvogue great feedback! i've noticed some of our fish irritated by the reflection as well... not many but some bettas are more aggressive than others. if you add plants and decor, your fish should be fine the bowing however, is more of a concern. can you please email us some photos? we sure appreciate you all giving us such wonderful feedback and it's been a blast staying in the loop on your experiences! best,  jasmine jackson community happyness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
@keith robinson-- i'm so so sorry.. i want to send you a new care pack so you can get started with your new fish--- can you shoot me an email or message with the best address? also--- i'll post shortly on how the tanks work with the punctured rigid tubes best,  jasmine jackson community happyness  contact@backtotheroots.com
thanks jasmine. sorry to say omar didn't make it. poor guy. i'll take a look at turning the pump down, also thinking i might place some rocks around it so that it's harder to get up next too. he was kind of a small guy, but i'm still a bit baffled as to how he got in there...  let me know how the fork technique works. i want to make sure i've got it worked out before getting another fishy friend in there.
@keith robinson oh no! i'm so so sorry to hear about omar! please keep me in the loop on his health and feel free to email me directly (contact@backtotheroots.com). i have a couple of ideas to reduce the suction. (1) turn the pump down. or (2) try poking holes in to the bottom of the rigid tube. i just successfully attempted this using a fork. with more holes in the tube the suction from the large opening should be reduced. i'll test this out with some of our aquafarms here in the office and let you all know if it makes a difference as well. again i am so so sorry to hear about omar and i really hope to keep in contact with you! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
received my aquafarm last week and had it going since friday. today, everything is sprouting, which is great. i agree with all the comments--bowing in the center of the bed seems to be an issue. also, water doesn't seem to be dripping out of the holes of the bed but rather condensation is building up on the top of the bed and dripping down. i hope this isn't an issue later on. i also agree with the mirror/reflection aspect on the sides--my betta loves staring at himself (or looking up waiting for me to feed him). also, when i filled the aquarium, water got underneath the bowl (between the clear part and the casing), so there's still some dirt there which i can't clean out. finally, on my wish list, would be some sort of lighting to better see the fish--i'm going to explore some sort of led self-stick rope light.
definitely issues with the bowing of the grow bed...it's created gaps between the grow bed and the tank (not an issue technically) and as gregor mentioned, the sides of the bed now barely make contact with the notches on the tank meant to keep the grow bed up.
well, my air pump has died after about a week. and yes i have it adjusted to the highest output. this, combined with the bowing top and the ill fitting tray, makes me think you guys went a bit too cheap. while an excellent concept, i won't be recommending this to anyone. but my betta is happy, and seedlings are doing well. going to order a new air pump off amazon tonight.
reposting here in case you didn't see my post in the last update: received my aquafarm this week and finally managed to find time to purchase my betta, friday. so far he seems to be relatively happy. quite active and not showing signs of any disease or ill health. i also have a pretty steady flow of water up the central pipe and into the grow bed with a steady stream recirculating into the fish tank. i also have plenty of shale in the tank because i only filled the grow pots half way. however i think there are some design or mold or material issues with the grow lid and the shrouds. first, the shrouds turn the sides into hi-def mirrors and my betta is constantly flaring at his reflection in the sides. if the sides had been fully etched (like the outlines on the front and back) that might blur the reflection enough to not cause the betta to react. i'm hoping adding some silk plants and decorations might break up the reflections - and that eventually the fish becomes habituated to his reflective pa - hate that he might be constantly stressed. the grow bed issue though is more significant. the plastic used is relatively soft and seems susceptible to bowing and bending. this is seen particularly in the lid corners. the grow tray sides also bow noticeably but the worst issue is that the tray  indents don't interlock with the ridges on the tank correctly. the grow bed is probably 3 or 4 mm too short. it cannot interlock with the ridges on both sides of the tank so either one side or the other is only resting on the bends in the tank side. none of this appears to be critical to the functionality of the aquafarm but considering the level of detail in the design it's disappointing to see the execution fall short. i am incredibly proud to have helped kickstart this project and to have an aquafarm in my kitchen, i hope this comes across a constructive criticism. i can send photos if you need to see them. keep on inventing and iterating!!!
on 6/7/13 i posted a comment in kickstarter requesting information on tracking numbers for the aquafarm. i explained i recently moved and was curious if i would need to visit the old address to pick up the parcel. in a 6/12/13 reply, you stated tracking information would be supplied as soon as it was available. this was in accord with the 6/9/13 update regarding the time frames for shipments and tracking information. in addition, you claimed "fedex smart post delivers to the post office and then the post office delivers to you." there was no mention of additional charges nor advice on changing my shipping address through you. on 6/20/13 i posted a comment requesting more information on tracking numbers. i was still waiting for tracking information and was concerned about receipt of the product after my move. you replied via email to that comment with the fedex tracking number and advised the shipment was being returned. your comment and the tracking information did not supply reason for the return. i had changed my address with the post office per your advice and the package ended up with the usps for forwarding. a "sorry we missed you!" was left at my door advising i owed shipping due to the forwarding. your pledge information claimed shipping was free, but i'm now left responsible for shipping fees. if you had provided timely tracking information or had let me change my address in your system, rather than advising a change through the post office would be sufficient, i would not have incurred these charges. i am requesting reimbursement for the shipping charges. thank you, mallory shepherd
are any of you guys experiencing their tank starting to bow/warp in the middle of the front and back panels?  i'm only over a week into the setup and starting to worry if the acrylic will hold up in the long run.
we still haven't received our, nor have we been sent a shipping confirmation.  how can i find out when ours will be sent or if it has been sent?
i have a question regarding the zym-bac. do i need to add anymore every once in a while or it isn't needed? also, i am also experiencing the bowing that was mentioned in some of the posts below.
i've got a question and a bit of a sad story. so i got my fish a week or so ago. a male beta. named him omar. he was doing really well until today. he got stuck in the air pipe. i got him out, and, well i'm not sure if he'll make it, he's injured pretty badly. :( i want to make sure i didn't set things up improperly. should the pipe be surrounded by the bedding, or flush with the bottom? there is very little space there, i'm not actually sure how he got under there, and i followed all the directions pretty tightly. any ideas on how this could happen or how to keep it from happening again?
does it have to be a beta fish or can it be other fishes. have a couple of goldfish i want to move out of my fish tank (they've given birth and have more that what the tank can prob safely handle). would that change some of the products to use like keeping the water chlorine-free for example
@tim yeung thanks for the heads up! i just played around with a ton of the aquafarms in the office. if place the bed in super carefully (directly down...not one side at a time) the bed should fit in fine. if it only drips from one side, that's still okay--- diffusion helps keep the tank balanced. let me know how it goes for you and i would love to see pictures! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
nyc here.  just got mines yesterday. i haven't got the time to set it up. but i must say i really like the packaging.
any chance you will be shipping these out this month no email notice
i got mine right now! thanks! :)
i am in texas and still have not gotten my tank.  just curious, are there still some that are going to be shipped or has shipping been completed?  maybe mine is on its way.
how much sun is everyone allowing their tank to get?  the spot i had in mind for mine doesn't get a whole lot in terms of direct sunlight so wanted to see what everyone else's results were so far.
my ammonia levels have been holding at zero for the last two days. looks like the plants/bacteria cycle are working well. fish is happy, and the plants are growing fast.
@jennifer chernega nice! thanks so much for your awesome comments! you can absolutely cover the back of the tank! we're actually testing this out right now (covering the back will help with algae) one fun look would be to cover the back of your tank with a decal or colored cellophane! i'd love to see what you come up with! best, jasmine jackson community happyness  contact@backtotheroots.com
@douglas hanisch great point! healthy betta fish are perfect for the aquafarm. they are stealth and do well during the first month when the ammonia levels are less than ideal.
@herbie gelman thank so much for your kind words. sounds like your tank is loosening up more dirt. if the shale rocks are dirty, the water will get cloudier and cloudier. check to see if it begins to settle in a day or so. if not you may need to re-clean the shale. we're happy to send you more tidy tank and zymbak if needed. just email our community happyness team at contact@backtotheroots.com best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@tim jundanian thank you!
@carlos batista it only took mine a couple days to clear.  i also laid a paper towel on the water surface to soak up this layer of oil-like substance.
does anyone knows how long it takes for the water to clear? as mentioned in another post, the grow bed is not balanced and does not sit properly.
i started a forum for our shared experiences here: http://aquafarmersanonymous.boards.net/ it still needs a lot of work, but hey, give it a try! i see topics repeated in comments in reply to different posts all over the place and would love for everyone to have a common place to discuss their aquafarming stories and frustrations. (and, of course, the usual disclaimer. this is an unofficial forum.)
@fiatala salamo go to your local pet store and ask the pros there about properly sized fish  and plants to fit the aqua farm. (hopefully not petco or petsmart, but a privately owned one with passionate people). you can grow all sorts of freshwater fish/plants. i have 3 emerald eye rasboras with 2 sunkist shrimp. once the water levels balance out in a couple of weeks, you can add more small fish. the tank will be crowded so do your research on small schooling fish. other schooling fish like molly, tetra, danios all work well. you can add cherry red or ghost shrimp or maybe a snail. the choice is yours as long the tank isn't too over crowded. my search started with a google search "stocking 3 gallon tank".
so my kit doesn't quite look like the ones in the pictures on the site. the grow bed is solid white plastic and you can't see through to the plant pots. and the plant pots are white vs black. any reason for this change?  i would think seeing the roots grow would be interesting. and the black and white contrast i thought looked good in the pictures.
my cat discovered the wheat grass and annihilated it last night.
well it has been a few days now since my system setup. i completed introducing fish (2 guppies), decorations, and doing the seed planting (2x lettuce, 2x chives, 1x basil - the chives being my own seeds) on friday night. my water went through a normal initial ammonia spike and clouded up over the weekend. it has since cleared quickly. fish are doing great. the lettuce is already sprouting up like crazy. no sign yet of basil or chives. for those with pump/pump noise issues, i have my pump on the highest setting and the cord pulled taut coming out of the tank. i also took a pool noodle and cut a mall slice off and stuck it between the pump, cord, and tank wall on one side to kinda make the pump and cord stay in place over time through the vibrations. noise isn't loud to me after doing that...but i have run some much louder salt water aquariums in the past so maybe my perception is different than others on that point. lettuce sprouting: http://i.imgur.com/usvvfh6.jpg… tank and guppies: http://i.imgur.com/b4qwilg.jpg…
i have not had a chance to skim the comments, but i'll be doing that shortly. some feedback: - i believe the pump was designed to stand on end, but the tray is not deep enough for that. on its side the vibration is significant. i've wrapped mine in some light cloth, but i expect it to overheat in the near future. if anyone has suggestions for a shallower replacement i am interested in purchasing one. - the water is quite cloudy, and i'm guessing it's because i did not get the rocks clean enough. if you haven't installed yours yet, spend some extra time rinsing the rocks. - it is difficult to get it level to the point that both holes are used for water cycling. i eventually got it at just the right balance, but it is finicky.  - at 1/2 full the grow beds do not submerse the seeds - especially wheat grass, which states to put the seeds on top of the rocks. should the seeds be fully submerged? - can any other decoration or wildlife be added, or should it just remain betta+rocks? excellent stuff overall. i'm looking forward to the next few weeks to see how the sprouting comes along.
the water pump is kinda loud. is there a fix for this? i wonder if i can buy another pump from a pet store...
my grow bed doesn't sit evenly on the tank so only 1 of the 2 water holes work.. anyone else experiencing this problem - with a fix? it's a tough balancing act to get them both going and it usually only drips at that point.  my pump is at full velocity
@kelly thanks so much! the instructions should be right under your tank with the shale rocks. if you can't find them you can find a printable version here: https://www.dropbox.com/s/i4mxh2zmejlerdx/aquafarm_instructions_in.pdf and here (https://www.dropbox.com/sh/gpgmtmayfrxhksy/gefeodbhwi) are some helpful photos for setting up the pump! there is lots of info on our faq (http://www.backtotheroots.com/faq) but feel free to reach out if you have more questions! best,  jasmine jackson  community happ'y'ness guru  contact@backtotheroots.com
@matt hudnall nice note about the seeds! all of the aquafarms include wheatgrass, basil, and lettuce. basil and lettuce were the top 2 choices from the survey that we sent out to the kickstarter backers. we replaced mint with wheatgrass so that folks with low light could still enjoy growing food from there aquafarms! thanks again and as always feel free to contact me if you have any questions! best,  jasmine jackson  community happ'y'ness guru contact@backtotheroots.com
@matt hudnall thanks so much for the comments! can you email me photos of the bowing? we just started some more experiments and personally i'm curious to find out if it is the weight of the shale or a characteristic of the plastic. many hydroponic systems use hydroton which is much lighter in weight. i'd love to hear about your experience if you decide to experiment with your kit a bit. next, much of the noise is from the cord vibration. if you pull the cord taught, you'll notice a significant reduction in the noise. however, you can definitely substitute for a different air pump...great great feedback! thank you so much! please keep it coming and of course, feel free to contact me directly! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@grym thanks!! all kudos go to our wonderful graphic designer and marketing manager sarah! (sarah@backtotheroots.com) so glad to see that we've creating a fun experience for you and i'm looking forward to more feedback! cheers! jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
i got mine over the weekend with no shipping notification. it was a wonderful surprise. i was blown away by the package they sent. not only was it complete with everything i needed to get the system up and running (which is an oddity for many kickstarter projects), but it was all done through a very creative presentation. i put it all together in about an hour and now i have a happy betta swimming around. i think the air pump might be a little weak, but i read somewhere that it can be adjusted. i am going to try that tonight when i get home. overall, i am very impressed with this project. congratulations to both of you and your team. job well done!
for those waiting to get a shipement notice, you might not ever get it..many people reported including myself that we got our kit with no shipping notice, so youll just get a happy surprise!
got my kit this weekend, it looks great!! i'm going to get it set up tonight!!
where can i get more shale? one cup didn't cover the bottom of the tank, and since i need the rest of the pots, i'd like to get some more to cover the bottom for aesthetics.
still waiting for mine to even ship!
for those of you that have a hard time getting the water cycle/ pump running: you can twist the pump to increase its velocity. the lowest setting does not pump water for me. highest setting works perfectly.
i just got my aquafarm set up.  this is easily the best kickstarter project i've purchased. well done guys
we received our kit today and i'm so excited. i went out with the kids and bought a betta fish (lovely blue and red), did the whole set up according to instructions and planted the seeds in the pots. the fish seems happy so far (he's only been in there for an hour or so) and everything looks great! what a fun summer project to work on with my kids! thanks so much! i have one quick question. can i put something on the back of the tank (cardboard, tagboard, etc.) to make it easier to see the fish and to protect against sunshine? we'll be putting it near a window and blocking off the back would help cut down on the sunshine getting into the tank, i think.
the bubbles rising up the center tube bring the water up.
hi so i got the kit but i'm confused about the potting instructions. the instructions doesnt say to add water to the potting area but it looks like there's water in the video. do you need to add water after you add the zym bac? the water automatically get into the potting area from evaporation?
after washing the rocks and setting everything up, my water did get cloudy as well..then after 2 or 3 days it started to clear up.  my cat has started to sample the lettuce even though it is only a few days old and nothing more then just sprigs.
my water is also clouding up. i have been testing for ammonia and doing 50% water changes when it hits .5 ppm. i don't know how hardy bettas are, but ammonia will kill most fish fast. you need to keep the ammonia levels down until the bacteria establish themselves.
hello, received my aquafarm 2 days ago and set it up that night fish and all! the instructions made set up extremely easy and bob the betta seemed super happy. the water seemed cloudy after set up which i expected but 2 days later and now the water seems even more cloudy. bob still seems to be doing ok but i don't know why the water is getting progressively more cloudy instead of settling and clearing up. any ideas?
nevermind.  found it!
help!  just got our aquaponics kit today.  however, my (very excited) 12-year-old had it all unpacked before i got home.  were there instructions? where does the pump go? p.s. can't wait to order another one for my office!
@tieg zaharia great questions! firstly, you can plant your seeds on top! the shale maintains enough moisture to get them going. about the pump, if you pull the cord tight, much of the vibration is eliminated and you should notice a significant reduction in the noise level. please let me know if you have more questions! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | contact@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
received my aquafarm today (never got a shipping notice btw ). first of all, whoever did all the art, layout, and packaging did an absolutely phenomenal job. i know it is weird to talk about the packaging of something...but unboxing, reading everything, and noticing every little detail put into this was a pleasure. the system seems well made and really nice and sturdy - exactly as expected. system set-up was a breeze. in a nutshell, everything looks great! thanks! now, i'm off to pick up a couple decorations and fish so i can get farming and see if i can get some chives to grow.
@tyler oakleaf thanks so much for the comment and feedback! we've primarily tested the kordon products with betta fish, but are running further experiments with other varieties i definitely recommend consulting your local pet store about the best practiced for transferring your pet fish as your danios were likely stressed out. you may want to ditch the fish prep this time around, but again your pet store will know more about the fish they sell you. another factor could be the ph of your water. you can definitely purchase ph strips and make sure that the water has a ph ~7.0. would love to be kept in the loop on your experience and any further learnings and i'll keep everyone posted as well! best, jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
hello, curious when i can expect to get a shipping notification. really want to get started aquafarming. thanks. -josh
@james e. can you please send me some photos of the bowing you're seeing. i'm interested to see if it's a characteristic of the plastic vs. the weight of the stones. you can try using clay hydroton which is much lighter than shale and commonly used in hydroponic systems. any insights are super helpful and i really appreciate your feedback! looking forward to hearing from you again! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@james e.  sorry for the late response but nice aquafarming!!!! yay!
finally received mine today!  never received a tracking email but i am so impressed already just with the packaging, looks great and very little waste.  thanks!
hi, we had the same experience as tyler.  we did the chemical prep and bath for our beta fish.  everything seemed to be going ok.  we are now 8 hours later and our beta is clinging to life.  we did a water change, but i think it is futile at this point.  :(  should we be checking ph or something?  i would hate to lose another fish the same way.
matt, they took a survey just to see what kinds of seeds were wanted most. everyone got the same seeds.
also, did anyone get completely different seeds from what they ordered? i received wheatgrass, basil, and lettuce, and i am almost positive that i did not order any of those...
i too have noticed the plastic lid bowing in under the weight of the grow baskets. and i second tieg's question about the noise of the pump. any recommendations on how to dampen the noise more, or whether a quieter pump can be used?
just set mine up tonight! really excited, the betta seems healthy/happy so far. i had a few questions if anyone can help: * do the seeds need to be at very bottom when planting, or is the moisture from cleaning the pebbles enough to sprout them from any height? * still figuring out the best way to muffle the pump motor; is it ok to turn the pump off during night, or is it recommended to be on 24/7?
we followed the instructions that came with the tank to the letter, and added the fish prep and dklor to a half tank of water to "give the fish a bath" as the instructions said to do.  it killed our 4 new danio fish and a snail in about 3 minutes.  perhaps it's only intended for betta fish, but there was no indication at all in the instructions.  wondering if anyone else had a similar experience?  going to try buying more fish tomorrow.  hopefully it won't be such a genocide.
i just received mine, but i don't think it came with the pump. any chance you can send it to me?
just got mine! but the weird thing is that i never got an email saying it was shipping. oh well, yay!
mine just arrived and i'm so excited to get our fish tonight! i think i'll also get a freshwater snail as someone here suggested. is there any concern with the material of certain fish tank decorations leeching into the water and therefore the food? any material i should steal clear of?
has anyone else started to experience the plastic tray bowing in?  i may have to find some plastic supports or find lighter growing  medium.
well i just sprinkled the seeds on the rocks two days ago...and today when i got home i had a bunch of lettuce sprouts..excited to watch t grow.
@austin boeddeker the custom engravings are on the bottom of the grow bed... a little decor for your fish! ~jasmine
excuse me if my noob starts to show on this question...but with the seeds, do we just sprinkle them on top of the rocks or do they need to be pushed down into the rocks?
@liana, thanks so much for the comment! to clarify, it is best that you add everything when you have your fish. the zym bac needs fish waste to live and help regulate the nitrate and ammonia levels for the tank (making it a happy home for your fish). also, your starter plants need the fish waste as well, so they might not do well with just water pumping through for the first couple of days. if you still want your system to run for a day or so before adding your fish, be sure to add the zym bac and tidy tank at the same time that you introduce your fish. i hope this is clear and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
woohoo!  just received mine.
i received my aqua farm and it's fantastic!
hey, i was wondering if you had a tracking number for my shipment. thank you.
mine just delivered in seattle, wa :)  never got a tracking number so was a great tgif surprise!  thanks guys!
wife called...i got a package sitting on the porch...can't wait to get home and start setting it up.
hey where should the custom name engravings be on the kits at? cant seem to find them. also just got my kit in today. do the first 150 not include them?
wow if you are shipping ~500 a day, that is quite the accomplishment.  any idea when i should be receiving my shipping email?  i am in the ***be the first*** reward tier..thanks and congrats on finally getting these out into the world.
it finally arrived today (yaaayyyyyyyyyy) but i had a question regarding some of the instructions.  from what little reading i've been doing on setting up a new tank, one thing that keeps coming up is the fact that you should set up the tank and the filter and have it run for a day or two (some sources say this is to stabilize gas levels in the water, others say it's to deal with chemicals leeching off of chemicals or other types of residue). i was thinking about setting up the filter and putting water in, but what about the seeds? i think that clean gravel and the seeds would be fine, but if i transplanted small basil plants and had it for a few days with water i planned on putting the fish in, wouldn't it negatively affect the water balance?
@stacy shein stapleton thanks so much for your kind words and support! these are the ups and downs of kickstarter. in general consumers don't get to see the behind the scenes in product development. a new product just shows up in the stores! we really appreciate your hand in making the aquafarm a reality and are happy to say that shipping started last friday! we're shipping our ~500 aquafarms a day and we'll be in touch with tracking information as soon as yours goes out. again thank you so much and feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@david doyle, the aquafarms started shipping last friday!! you can always find updates on the updates section of our ks page here: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2142509221/home-aquaponics-kit-self-cleaning-fish-tank-that-g/posts and look out for an email with tracking information shortly! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
i really support your work and this project but i am sorry to say i am getting a very concerned i will ever see these products.  i pledged back in december for 2 farms.  both were birthday gifts for 2 kids (february and may).  since you charged my credit card on december 15, 2012 it would be nice to get some confident evidence these product will be delivered.
i agree would be nice to hear if they did or didnt get out on the 5th-7th of june as stated... do you guys think i can get away with using this kit as a christmas present 2 years in a row?  ;)
would love to know if you guys are back on track or not.  looking forward to this thing!
any word on whether the first batch shipped today?
@victoria van berlo hi ruby, thanks so much for writing. as you've already seen, shipping has been delayed. the ejector pin from our mold broke off and i've been waiting to hear back about how long it would take for them to fix the part. the first batch will ship out around june 5 and the second and third shortly after. we're hoping to ship out every other day or so. your order is in the second batch and we will send out tracking information as soon as it's in fedex's hands. if you missed the last update, you can always check it out here: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2142509221/home-aquaponics-kit-self-cleaning-fish-tank-that-g/posts. please let me know if you have any further questions. with warm regards, jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
have you guys started shipping?
anybody thinking about upfitting this into a smart garden such as the ones from kijani grows? seeing this on reddit got me into the idea of aquaponics in the first place. http://youtu.be/3iryioypfte any suggestions for arduino-driven leds and feeding systems? might be a fun project (or a new kickstarter opportunity!)
@ron neely can you please email your updated information asap? thanks so much! jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
how can i change my shipping address?
@travis krueger you're all set to recieve 4 aquafarms. please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions! best,  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@eleanor mcnamee thanks so much and so sorry that you haven't received any updates! you can always check updates here: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2142509221/home-aquaponics-kit-self-cleaning-fish-tank-that-g/posts and you may consider changing your ks email address or adding this email (no-reply@kickstarter.com) to your contact list so that you don't miss any updates! if you haven't heard we've finalized packaging, signed off on the tooling and are moving forward with production! thanks for all of the support and feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions. with warm regards,
@candace miller just to follow up, the aquafarms are projected to ship out the week of may 20th! we'll be sending out updates as we move closer to shipment. stay tuned! jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@james elsenburg thanks for the comment! the first 5,000 will ship the week of may 20th... we're soooo close! stay tuned!  jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
pictures!!!!
i have received no communication concerning the shipment of my aquaponics kit.  when will it be shipped?
just wondering if these have been shipped?
i just wanted to confirm that i will be getting 4 kits.  i sent an email on may 1st but haven't received a response yet.
@wily-- you're all set up to receive 2 kits! if you need them shipped separately, please send me the shipping information and i'll make sure that your rewards are processed correctly! cheers! jasmine jackson  community happyness guru  back to the roots  424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607  tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@james. the last update was on the 24th and says production will start in 3 weeks, so probably a little bit still.
on april 16th you posted "the first 5,000 aquafarms are projected to ship the last week in april to ks backers. "  were you successful in shipping the 5k units?  if so, who were the target backers?
@roxanne lewis- thanks so much for your comment! you're already set up to receive 2 aquafarms. feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions! with warm regards, jasmine jackson community happyness guru back to the roots 424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607 tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@ laua ward- thanks so much for reaching out! feel free to email me any alternate addresses... happy to make sure your order gets processed correctly! best, jasmine jackson community happyness guru back to the roots 424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607 tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 | jasmine@backtotheroots.com www.backtotheroots.com
@darren-- thanks so much for the heads up! you are set to receive 2  aquafarms based on the reward level you chose. you pledged $100, but chose the $50 reward level. this indicates to us that you would like to receive 2 aquafarms. feel free to give us a call or shoot as an email if you have any more questions about your pledge!
@gurukarm thank you!! we're super excited to be moving forward! we recommend and will include a coupon for a betta fish. you can also use 3 danios, or cloud fish. most fish will create enough waste from their gills, pee, and poop to provide enough nutrients for your plants-- so feel free to consult your local pet store about what fish are best for a 3 gallon tank. best, jasmine jackson community happyness guru back to the roots 424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607 tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 www.backtotheroots.com
fourth
i third what darren and laura said.  i also want 2 (pledged $100) and have not received a response to email i sent asking how to denote that.
i second what darren says. i need a second unit (pledged $100) sent toba different address but there is no way to indicate so on the form you guys sent out and i am not receiving a response to my email messages. please help...
i don't think goldfish are a good choice, they can grow too be more than a foot and are huge waste producers i don't think that the system would be healthy with a goldfish in it.  betta's are much prettier anyway.
i thought they'd already said somewhere it was for a betta (fighter fish), in which you can only have 1. and i may have read goldfish somewhere to. can't remember if it was a reply to somebody when they said it, or one of the older updates.
i was very excited to see the survey request email in my inbox today - i'm so looking forward to this :-) also would like to second tamara's bump-up of the question on species and number of recommended fish. thank you!
i added an additional $50 for a second unit, but there was nothing in the survey to make sure you are aware of this. will you be checking the $ amount to make sure i get both?
i'd like to bump up aron's question since i didn't see a response—what species of fish are you recommending for this ecosystem? any recommendations on number, size, etc.?
@russ burke: thanks so much for taking the time to reach out and for your support. the first 5,000 aquafarms are projected to ship the last week in april to ks backers. we will definitely keep you posted and will be sending out a survey to collect shipping information shortly. with warm regards, jasmine jackson community happyness guru back to the roots 424 2nd st. oakland, ca 94607 tel: 510.922.9758 | fax: 510.922.9568 www.backtotheroots.com
when will these be shipping?  at first it was feb, then april, now it is past may?
@eric winston-- thanks so much for your kind words! i'm jasmine the community happyness guru here at bttr... unfortunately i can't guarantee may 3. we added a few edits to the aquaponics tooling after getting the first test kits. we'll be getting in a few more tests this week and if the product is perfect, we'll move forward!
guys all looks awesome. do you think there is any chance of getting this by may 3? it is my little one 5th birthday and i was hoping to give these to her then. thanks if it is possible and if not thanks for the awesome product. eric
hey guys, great work so far! not sure where i'm supposed to contact you, but my shipping address is changing, so please provide me a contact method  at my email: contact (at) mattwessels.com so i can provide you with a new shipping address. thank you!
hello all! we'll be sending out a shipping survey closer to the ship date in april. if you have any questions about the ship date, please feel free to email aquaponics (at) backtotheroots (dot) com. thanks for your support!!
perhaps we need a new update to clarify when we'll be getting the surveys?
update? last i saw we were suppose to get surveys already towards the end of february
donna, see below. they won't be sending surveys until late april.
hi. i have not received a survey. has anyone else received the product or a survey? thanks, donna
i asked the question about what species of fish to have live in the tank, and i had another thought. since this product promotes education, why not try the aquatic frogs so that the kids can check out the changes from tadpole to frog. if i remember right, there are purely aquatic frogs that wouldnt need land at all in the tank...just a thought
joshua, in the latest update they said they wouldn't be getting the kits in until late april, so that's when they'll start sending out surveys. that way they have the most accurate addresses for everyone. :)
it says below we were supposed to get a survey at the end of february for shipping addresses.  any updates?
here fishy fishy fishy...
update please
kathleen, all emails for all kickstarter project updates come from no-reply@kickstarter.com
i think your emails are going to my spam folder, what email address is your updates coming from so i can fix it?
i know its still extremely early in the life of this project but have you been able to maintain many different fish species? excellent update btw, really looking forward to getting this by the kitchen window.
@dan - i second that.
this is one of those updates regarding a delay that i actually appreciate. knowing why the delay is happening, getting a full explanation of benefits of waiting a bit more, and there not being any dancing around the issues is something i wish we saw with other products that have been delayed in the past. thank you so very much.
rebecca - we will send out a survey near the end of february to get shipping addresses for gardens. can't wait to send them your way!
hey all! we have an update coming this week... keep your eyes peeled!
updates, por favor!
i'd also love an update!
when do we need to send on the address where we'd like our aquaponics system to be sent?
an update please!
hi guys!  how is production coming along?  do you have a better idea of when these units will be ready?  i'm so excited to receive them!  i'm beginning to start some of my seeds indoors and i can't wait to add these to the mix.
hi!  is it possible to get an update on the survey results?  i'm curious to find out what seeds made the cut.
any updates? are we still on schedule?
hi backers! we've fixed the survey and sent an updated link to you via an update. please check your updates for the working link. thank you for patience and understanding!
i'm going to use my sprout pencils with this...i love when multiple kickstarter projects can be used together.
i didnt see an answer to a question below about possibly having a uv light attachment, any chance this addon could get developed?
the system is unsuitable to a turtle because the system is too small.  a turtle needs far more than 3 gallons of water to live a healthy life.  also most turtles need a land area as they aren't fully aquatic.  i don't know about salmonella but still no turtles! a dwarf frog would be able to live in the system just fine if it was just the dwarf frog and it isn't a african clawed frog which grow too big... still no idea about salmonella!
can't wait for the system to arrive.  already planning to put in 5 cherry red shrimp, 1 betta, and 2 algae eating snails. gonna decorate the tank with charcoal bamboo, marimo balls and rocks to provide hiding space for shrimp.   i will try to grow wheat grass on top to make it look like a lawn on top.  :-) depending on the material( the side facing window) might have to use automotive tint to make a background.
best $50 bucks i ever spent!
is unsuitable for a turtle due to fear of salmonella?  if so, is that applicable to dwarf frogs?
congratulations!  i'm pleased to be a supporter of your project and looking forward to seeing the kit available for purchase...and seeing it on all my friends' kitchen counters!
congrats! i'm excited to get this.  i am going to name my beta fish basil :)
it's a awesome product but a shame it's too pricey for shipping in canada
i am an americorps volunteer with the city of san jose green schools program, and i cannot wait to show off this amazing little kit you've got going here., not to mention- grow me some foods! very happy to have this be my first kickstarter backing. look forward to february!
cannot be suitable for a small turtle. andrew
not sure if this question was asked but could this aquarium be suitable for a small pet turtle?
i just wanted to congratulate you guys on your successful kickstarter campaign.  i am really interested in the technology you discovered that keeps your tanks clean forever!
are there any stretch goals or bonuses? usually when a project is 200%+ there's something extra for the backers.
how 'bout a kit with a built-in uv light on a timer for those of use who live in climates where sunlight is sparse parts of the year?
i live in europe so i have the $50 for shipping. if i order one extra does it stays $50 for shipping both units?
the final price of each unit will be????
@kyle i assume you are talking about "the goldfish garden."  aquaponics is not a novel idea by any stretch.  nor is wanting to do it indoors.  i wouldn't say they "hijacked" the idea. and it isn't like that project is in competition with this one.  like you said, the price difference makes this project more attractive.  and their design is... ugly.  the excellent design of this project is the real draw. however, i do like the attached grow light.  i already have an indoor garden with a grow light on a timer -- for the short and gray winter months -- and planned on using a grow light for the "home aquaponics kit."   @nikhil & alejandro maybe future versions of this project will have an option for an attached grow light?
so it seems somebody else has hijacked this idea. can't prove who thought of it first but this kickstarter was first. personally i prefer the look of this aquaponics kit over the other guys and to top it off this price is better.
i'm not sure if the base is going to be machined/molded out of a single piece of plastic or several and assembled but would it be possible for you guys to make the inside have rounded corners by the seams? i'm thinking that if the tank ever needs to be cleaned (lime scale, or anything else), the corners and edges might be tough to actually get clean. just wondering if this is a possibility.
what kind of power supply will be used?  is it possible to have a 110/220 power source like in mobile devices?  i currently live in germany but want to be able to take it back to the us when i move home.
hey everyone! we've been getting a lot of questions about pre-ordering additional aquaponics kits, which is awesome! if you log into kickstarter and go to our page, you'll see a blue button that says "manage your pledge." clicking here will allow you to change the dollar amount of your pledge. to pre-order an additional regular kit, you can increase your pledge by $50, and to pre-order an additional custom colored kit or order another regular kit to be shipped internationally, you can increase your pledge by $100. after our kickstarter campaign is over, we'll be sending out a survey in which you can specify the rewards you'd like out of the ones you qualify for. for example, if you pledged $100, you'll be able to indicate whether you'd like 1 custom colored kit shipped domestically, 1 regular kit shipped internationally, or 2 regular kits shipped domestically. and thank you once again for your amazing support!!
yes i too would like to know more about upping my pleade and gettin one more kit.  please explain!! aloha
here's something for the cdc about turtles. http://www.cdc.gov/healthypets/spotlight_an_turtles.htm
i would say no reptiles, amphibians, or turtles.  i'm no expert but i would avoid them.
can i put a turtle in there?
is there any answer to david's question a couple questions down? how do we indicate that we want a second kit? i don't want to up my pledge to only find out that i'm still only getting one and and there's nothing i can do about it afterwards.
i like the static cling idea for decorating the tank as some have mentioned in place of you manufacturing a tint into the plastic.  it would maybe reduce your manufacturing costs and allow for great decorating flexibility for the customer.  another idea might be to manufacture a slit on the one side so the customer could slide a picture of their choice in and change it whenever they want......personalization of the tank.
was debating for a while because of shipping costs doubled the price but thought why not it looks awesome and has multiple uses. wish it was sooner so i could get a second one for my family for christmas, but hey maybe next year :d
i also like the cable management and white cable idea. i'm a neat freak too. so excited to get my tank, this is awesome!
hi, i just have a question in regard to your email about ordering 2 for the extra $50. how do i indicate that on my pledge? also, would international shipping double as well? thanks! love this idea!
not to be a bummer, but what happens if your beta dies?  do you have to scrap your plants, bleach everything and start again?
hey nikhil and alejandro, i really love this idea of growing your own food and sustainability!! seems like you want to reduce as much carbon footprints as possible by using recycle materials....i have a challenge for you, that is how can you make or take this to another level? what i mean is i've noticed you have to plug this into the electrical outlet to get the water pumping, which is vital for both fish and plants. however since electricity is being made by burning coals or power plants, which in turn is emitting greenhouse gasses, what could be an alternative energy source instead? i have no doubt in my mind you guys will be able to come up with a 100% self-sustainable aquaponics!!! sorry wish i had the answer...... :) can not wait to see what you guys come up with!!! keep up the brilliant work, you have my support!!!
i like the white cable and cable management idea.
i love this idea! as a neat freak however, i noticed that the power cable hangs from the top of the fish tank in the pictures. while it'd be an easy after-market fix for the enthusiast, i think it'd be awesome if it had an integrated cable catch just to lead the cable down to the bottom of the tank. also, a white cable would blend in easier!
woo!  so glad i found you guys in time.  promoting it to everyone i know.  great job, bay area pride!
should i have gifts sent to whom they are going to ?
i pledged $100..does that mean i receive 2 kits, in addition i pledged $50 = $150 total...will i be receiving 3 kits with t-shits ..one for my home & the other 2 for gifts..thank you
hey anyone see that goldfish bowl aquaponics kits on another kickstarter, its at cheapest 69 dollars and not eve up to par with these kits! its smaller which is nice, and more friendly to me but at that price, forget it! thanks for creating a reasonable price garden like this, i always wanted one but has never had the chance to and just never got around to making my own. buying one for a good price was impossible. until now!
thanks for making it possible for us to order multiple kits!  i changed my order from 1 to 3 =)
congrats on the amazing news of being invited to the white house. just shared it on fb. an idea for retail - contact museum stores - let me know if you need a contact at chicago's shedd aquarium.
hi, candace! definitely - please email aquaponics@backtotheroots.com so we can get one. thank you for your support!!
i purchased for a christmas gift and i know it wont arrive until feb, but is there a chance i can get a printout or something to put into a card until then?
i like the led idea. would be cool to have the tank illuminated at night
thank you alan! would love to chat - can you email me at nikhil@backtotheroots.com? look forward to chatting!
you should try some static cling to tint the tank. it is easily applied and does not leave a glue residue when removed. i would go with something on the thicker side so it is easier to apply and reposition. if you need any help let me know i owned a sign and marketing company for 15 years.
another suggestion-when you go to retail will you offer a buy one give one promo like with the mushrooms? hope so!
christoph kempen  - thanks for the question! we have one fish now because it is a beta fish and the have to live in solidarity as they don't hang out well together!! the quantity of fish depends on the size of the fish you put in - we recommend 1" fish per gallon of water, and this tank is 3 gallons!
christoph kempen  - thanks for the question! we have one fish now because it is a beta fish and the have to live in solidarity as they don't hang out well together!! the quantity of fish depends on the size of the fish you put in - we recommend 1" fish per gallon of water, and this tank is 3 gallons!
i realize that i pledged $50 & reward $50. is this a total of $100 or only $50? i'm wanting to get 2
i read this on the main page "new: receive multiple kits by adding increments of $50 to your pledge. big savings here on kickstarter - future retail will be ~$75."  if someone pledges $100, how will you differentiate between 2 kits or 1 custom kit?
one fish seems so lonely :-) can i have two in the tank? or does it depends on the plants?
how about adding an led light to illuminate the fish tank?  maybe as an option?  and provisions / space to add a tank heater? congrats on meeting your goal. we can't wait to get the final product.
thanks! so impressed that you responded. love your mushrooms too. ap
hey andrew - that's it - nothing else on your end! thank you for the support!! next steps - we'll be sending you your very own aquaponics kit!
another question! i already gave the 50.00 (plus 50.00 because i am in canada). will i pay more when the campaign closes? should i change to the 100.00 option?
hi there, i am confused. for the 50.00 option, do you actually get the system? or just the chance to pre-order one? for the 100.00 option, do you actually get the system? if you pre-order the system (50.00 option), will you get it at the same time as the 100.00 option? love the product, but find some of the options confusing.
fantastic! goal reached! congratulations!!!
congratulations!
woohooo!!!
i got another idea.. clip on led grow light(s).  just a thought.
i think a great follow on project would be to develop an aquaponics hood for existing aquariums that can grow food too. i also think it would be awesome once you go to production to offer existing backers a discount on additional tanks. ;)
hi! i love the idea and the design and really hope that the project will go ahead. one question though: have you done your due diligence in regards to patents, in particular relating to the very similar looking us patent us20100031893 and eu patent ep2043427a4 (see http://www.google.com/patents/us20100031893)? i'm worried particularly in the light of the recent lawsuit against formlabs and kickstarter (see http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-20434031). please respond and let us know what you are doing to protect your invention and avoid patent infringement. thanks!
hi guys! almost there!! so exciting! i just had a quick comment about the plastic being used, if you do go that route: we folk up here in new england may undoubtedly need to include aquarium heaters to get the water temp to a cozy 76-80 degrees. (bettas don't like our cold winters!) do some plastics fare better than others when exposed to heaters? i imagine some could possibly warp if inadvertently touching constant heat, even if it is a simple 25watt. if the tank is constructed of glass, that could solve the melting/warping issue! thought i'd ask.
i'm excited to see this project come to fruition.  i think this will be such a great learning tool and experience for children in clasrooms and at home!
i'm excited for this too. i can't help it - i check this site at least twice a day to see how close we are. almost there!
sooooo close!!!!! i'm so excited!!!!!
i love the idea, even though the argument is mostly negative on the backyard aquaponics website that i'm a member of.  despite that, one of the guys mentioned a really good idea that may help this out some.  you should add an under gravel filter to the system.  it would allow the "plant food" that is stuck in the gravel to be cycled upwards and more readily available.
hey temy! on kickstarter, you can't buy more than one unit; so the best bet is to buy one under different accounts - a friend's, family members, etc. and pledge on their behalf as well! thank you for the support!!
how do i order more at the same price of $50?  i want 3 total.
i can't pre-order one now.  but i did give $1. i know its not much. when i can, i'm going to buy one:)
i agree with james' idea, it would be great to be able to have 2 betas in the tank.  i guess you could have an option where you sacrifice one of the growing pods for a feeder port for the 2nd fish.
just thought of a problem with the divider idea...you would need two feeder ports.  unless the feeder port were in the middle as well.  can't wait to see just how far this project goes.
i am excited to have some new pets and some fresh basil in the cold winter climate of montana.  aquaponics are our future.  great job.  i am keeping my fingers crossed for you guys and am spreading the word to everyone i know.
this is my first time "kick starting" a project. this is a wonderful idea, and a great educational tool.
thanks for answering my question earlier. couldn't be happier to back this project. very excited to have this in my kitchen!
james - that's an awesome idea!! thank you for that suggestion - will share this with the team asap! thank you for the support!
i am excited about this project as well.  i do have a suggestion for maybe a stretch goal.  a clear divider so that you could have 2 beta fish if that is possible.
hi lea! you absolutely pre-ordered one!! and thank you for the support! once the campaign closes, we'll be sending an email out to everyone for all their information, shipping address, t-shirt size (if you got one), etc. i'm so excited for your son to have an aquaponics garden!
hi i just pledged $50 but i am confused - it said that i was pre-ordering it, but it never asked for my shipping info. did i just donate money, or did i order something? i thought this would be a nice birthday gift for my son, so are you going to send one to me?
i really, really like this project and am excited to see it funded. but would you please *strongly* consider more environmentally friendly materials -- recycled plastic as you said, or maybe glass made with renewable energy (or credits), or wind-powered bioplastics? i would gladly pay $10 more for better materials. also consider that this thing is going to be sitting in the sun all day (so the plants can grow) and many plastics photodegrade over time. you don't really want that getting into the fish -- or the edible plants!
almost half way to your goal! so exciting. if you go past the goal will you do any little bonus rewards? totally cool if you don't but i have seen kickstarter projects that went well over goals that did that. usually little things like wall papers for computers and stickers and postcards.
saw a link on facebook. this is such an awesome idea! i hope people think about animal ethics when they choose their fish. they should only buy farmed fish (following the ethical guidelines) rather than ones caught in the wild. they should also avoid stores that sell dyed fish and/or fish that look injured or ill. if people do their homework into the welfare of fish this could be a great home for their new little pet!
i plegged and posted a link to my facebook. i want to tell everyone i really want you to meet you goal becuase i have wanted a self cleaning fish tank for a awhile and it can grow food?!  oh man im so stoked!!
thank you all for your positivity, encouragement, and inspiration! we appreciate every ounce of your support and all of your kind words!
hi maurice! you can definitely get one as a gift and let the person know it's on the way! or, you can give them the t-shirt, etc if it's in your reward level as a "pre-gift" gift! let us know if we can support you at all!!
great idea.  i may decide to get some of these to give as gifts.
i am the principal of the school in the video and i wanted to add that our kids have not stopped talking about the fish tank! i would recommend this for any classroom. i cannot find a grade where at least one science standard would not be reached just by having one in your classroom and explaining it. any teachers or school leaders should jump at this chance!
i have literally been checking kickstarter for months looking for a good looking home aquaponics setup for an affordable price. this is it! your story is inspirational and your product is amazing! keep up the good work guys!
hey you two! lovely seeing you at svn! how about adding another prize level for those who want to buy more as gifts (e.g. rose). she suggests $200 for 5 gardens - she keeps one and sends the other 4 as gifts.
hello all! thank you so much for your support and enthusiasm! it's so inspiring to see your excitement and it gets us even more stoked as well!
hey rbrubaker - due to the rules, we can't offer 2 of the same unit through our kickstarter rewards. the best bet would be to ask a friend or family member to pledge for one too! thanks for all your support!!
i got in an an early backer and now i want to get another one. so my total pledge would be $90. how should i do that?  thanks!!
this is amazing. i really hope it works out. i'd love to get one in my house asap. is this the only avenue you guys are raising capital? i'm not sure why you'd have a hard time raising cash for something like this. unless you're trying to keep 100% equity. anyway - good luck.
my students are some of those in the video and they loved it! they have talked about it every day since and they can't wait to have one in our classroom. i would highly recommend this for any classroom-- it inspires and teaches kids about growing their own food, caring for an animal, giving back and being an environmental steward. :) hooray!
you might also be interested in the "food freedom rebels" aquaponics documentary that is ending its kickstarter campaign right now.  shows some commercial aquaponic farms.  //to be fair, i'll crosspost this project to that one as well.
thank you yatpay - really appreciate the support and encouragement!!
i'm not ready to try a system like this myself, but you guys were just so enthusiastic in your video that you got me excited enough to kick in a few bucks. best of luck to you both!
go bears! look forward to trying out my kit!
so cool! good luck and i hope this succeeds...can't wait to show the product to my little girl!
awesome! i can't wait to see the final product!
great product, and glad to see your product line continue to become more diverse within a common theme. good luck!
hey, you can get saltwater fish by having water mixed with special salt mixes. problem is, the salt would kill the plants wouldn't it. also it would filter out the salt and create a mix of more water than salt and the fish would die. oh well, i guess ill get a fresh water. well i could use some salt water plants such as seaweed. and keep adding salt. experiment!
