@kirill - sorry to hear that. you might want to try a turtle shell 3.0 or just get another big turtle shell.
@creator well i found the limits of the big turtle shell. it was awesome till it lasted but then i had an apartment fire. it didnt survive, now im speakerless :(
@setsuko mitsuma - i just replied to your direct message.
hi,i'm backer #983.  when can i get the big turtle shell®?  give me feedback!
i am feeling a little burned with the new kickstarter campaign. i supported the campaign for two speakers with the trust that they would be able to be linked together. now it seems that will not be a possibility and you have again made a promise to be able to link speakers. i still want to have linked speakers but i'm annoyed that means spending more money and i'm not that confident that you guys will be able to deliver this time...
my bts died yesterday. i have to say it lived a long rugged life with lots of use. bts thank you for all the memories and good times r.i.p. you will be greatly missed.
@britney dupee - the app has been proven to be difficult with the current chipset used for the big turtle shell. we are still working on the best way to make it happen.
i was wondering if you had any information about the app you're working on. i also wanted to sign up for beta testing...if it comes to that. thank uou.
@mark yslas - we are working on the app that enables the wireless usage of multiple big turtle shell's. sometimes these things take longer than expected.
i too am disappointed in the lack of the promised app almost two full years later. daisy chaining them via 3.5m audio cable produces an almost whisper quiet sound and is absolutely useless. i have tried this on multiple big turtle shells. the app would have been nice, but who am i to expect project creators to fulfill their promises on these things.
@amir - we are working on the best way to allow multiple big turtle shell's to wirelessly connect with your device.
remember this update from 2014....it would have been nice to let us know you decided not to do it.  i purchased 2 more bts from amazon in anticipation of this app and you just forget it?  i mean its a hard thing to do, so that's not the reason you didn't do it so why did you leave your supporters holding the bag....put yourself in my shoes. " creator outdoor tech® design lab on july 25, 2014   for a quick app update. the app was funded in part by this project, so development didn't begin until this project was complete, and our first priority has been to fulfill all backer pledges. release for the app is currently looking like early 2015. we'll update throughout the process, as this is a new and exciting project for us. thanks!"
hey guys remember that app they promised for bts so you can connect two bts together, well i just got an email from them and they decided there not going to do it...wow 18 months later and this is what we get for providing our support.
@mayoikondalnu - you should email support@outdoortech.com for help with your big turtle shell.
battery does not work. the same problem is happening. is this is not a defect of the product?
@jeremiah schattie - you can get a replacement big turtle shell charger here http://www.outdoortechnology.com/shop/replacement-parts/big-turtle-shell-charger.html.
this speaker is absolutely the best sound device i've used. i took this to burning man (where my camp mates and i used it to keep our music going), i've used it camping, on three road trips, and countless hours around the house. my only point of sadness is that the charger has died on me. i'd love to be pointed towards a replacement.
hey backers, if you have any issues with your big turtle shell please email support@outdoortech.com and someone will help you out.
same problems. charger not working. please help your supportive community out. and let us know how to get this resolved. please.
zu outdoorzech team, i have the same problem as bjarte. starting to use the turtle shell this summer, i could only charge twice before my power supply died. and to get one like that in germany is nearly impossible. can you help please?
hi,  my power supply just died. how can i get ahold of a new one?
hi i have 2 big turtle shells. i can't play them together. any update on the app?
hi i have 2 big turtle shells. i can't plan them together. any update on the app?
seem like the battery starting to fail..
i am having the same issue. i have it on the charger for a day or two and when i turn it on it says to charge it. it is now essentially a brick.  now a bit worried as i have backed all the charging and smaller speakers in another campaign.  will reach out but seeing that other people are having a similar issue is not good to hear.
hi, my big turtle recently have issues with charging and seems not able to get fully charged and keeping its batt charged. like its leaking power.. can i get in touch with you guys?
any update on the wireless daisy chaining and app? thanks! loving the bts and with it i've had many people go out and buy your products!
the best project that i backed on ks. still working fine after all this time.
at least an update letting us know they are still working on said app would be nice. just something to give peace of mind.
my charger is now no longer working. how do i get a replacement for it. it has obviously been a problem for others. thx
im also waiting for the app. but they already said they plan to do it begin of 2015. and its only 10 days into the new year. so i would be happy if its ready till march.
yes...please provide an update on the app.  it was originally implied that the app would be part of the original project.  i have accepted a defective wired pairing because the product works great as a standalone and also because of the promise of a better wireless (app) solution.  please deliver...soon.
still waiting for the app to control 2 big turtle shells. hope you didn't drop the project. otherwise i have 2 of them for no reason now.
any update on the app to control multiple big turtle shells?> i can in the process of buying a second and a shell 2.0 for xmas and it would be great to be able to control 2 ore more thanks,
my big turtle shell's bluetooth stopped working (it dose not turn on, syncs, and lights no longer flash), only the auxiliary port works now. total bummper dude.
my big shell bluetooth stop working only aux works now. total bummper dude.
are there any plans to launch kodiak battery packs on kickstarter?
does outdoor tech have any online store that accepts overseas orders? i'd like to order an orcas - wireless buds. with regards to my big turtle, it sounds fantastic and i am glad to have pledged for it! great work!
have't received my turtle shell yet want to hear if i can get information about when i can expect it to arrive ??
i have to say that the bts is amazing. the sound is great and is loud enough to hear in a production warehouse. i have actually ordered another one as an emergency backup/ home use. i was just wondering how that app you guys talked about is going? do we have an eta on when we will be seeing it?
love the product great sound if you guys really wanna check it out on full whack, youtube 2cellos playing smooth criminal. only 2 things i would suggest for your next iteration of your speaker system. 1)change the charging system to micro usb and provide a fast charger to compensate 2)increase the output of charging devices to 2amps cheers
i am one of the unlucky ones with a faulty charger. i left a message on your support website. please help!
aghhhh.. just taken mine on beach holiday and it won't charge despite having a green light on the charger red light on bts..battery is fully run down. any ideas?
have they all gone out?  i have yet to receive mine.  my kids are waiting but summer isn't!
@chris- send an email to support@outdoortech.com sounds like you need a new charger.
has anyone managed to get the nfc-pairing to work? it just brings up a page that says "empty tag" on both my nexus 5 and oneplus one. not a big issue, but would be nice to see working. also sound quality has not been the best...
got my bts about two weeks or so ago and it is great. i have had it charging for about a week since i haven't had a need to use it till this weekend for labor day weekend. to my surprised when i went to power it on it said "battery low", which was of course a shocker. i immediately put it back on the charger and move it to another power outlet thinking it might need a independent outlet for this beast! to my surprise the power block is green showing it is getting power but no red led light comes on the bts. i tried about half a dozen different plugins, both sharing the outlet and independent. i also tried wiggling the cable gently in different angles hoping it was just a spotty connection and still no luck. what's your thoughts bts crew?
@erik - i'll check in with our customer service team and see what the delay is.
it has been 10 days and i have not heard back from support. i have reached out five times. this is a horrible way to treat a backer.
has anyone been able to reproduce anything near 110db?  i would like to know how they tested that claim (promise) big disappointment even at lower volume.  no response from customer service.
@seyha drain the battery charge your phone with usb and play music with 3.5 jack kill the battery and the unit will reset itself .
so i got 2 bts and tried daisy chaining them, now this might be nothing but the bts with the input from my computer is much louder than the bts that is being daisy chained, is that normal? i also tried daisy chaining over bluetooth but that didn't work, any suggestions or is that just typically what happens when you daisy chain
anyone please help me my big turtle is not working it have red light on forever and not off and can't connect bluetooth. thanks
i've been using my bts for the last month almost every night outside.  amazing! it's perfect! we haven't even charged it since the first charge. thanks for creating such an awesome speaker!! and a loud one at that!
so my 3 in one calamari charger crapped out on me and i havent gotten a response from support. is there anything i can do? or am i s.o.l.?
i thought i was one of the lucky ones to not have to deal with the whole "bad charger" issue, but last wednesday my luck ran out, my charger gave up the ghost and just quit working. i am happy to report though that i contacted odt around 3 pm pacific time, and had a response before 4 pm, and a tracking number for the shipment of a new charger before 5 pm! way to be on the ball odt, that is what i call customer service. since i am fairly local to odt i had my new charger in had the next day by noon and was able to take my bts with me on a trip that i specifically wanted the bts for. thanks again odt for hooking it up and making it possible for me to rock my bts on the colorado river.
there is a low noise coming out of speakers when nothing is played (that's probably "normal") and it turns off when there is no audio input for a few seconds... except when it doesn't... :( so now i hear the noise all the time and nothing is playing from my computer. the other big issue is that speakers get turned off and i cannot pair from my phone without getting up from the bed and turning the speker on :( can something be done with firmware updates? are other completitive speakers better in that regard?
i just wanted to say that i absolutely love my bts and my ts. zero complaints. i took them camping and everyone wanted one. i used it a ton for 4 days and the battery is still on "high". wow! my only constructive comment is re the calamari. it won't plug into my iphone without taking the case off. great job guys! great product! glad to be a backer!!!
the first few times the bts said "charge me!" freaked me out... as i wasn't aware it did that when the battery was very low. lol
hi ian, would you kindly assist, i emailed support and have not received an answer, please provide and update, i have not received tracking information, nor have i received the bts. best regards.
@moritz - we're working with fedex to file a lost/stolen package claim, and have been working through that process.  we're waiting to hear back from fedex, and then will reship.  thanks!
in the uk and mine's working fine. doubt it's a voltage problem as the rest of the eu uses the same 230v so there would have been a lot more people having issues with it. might be a dodgy socket you have, try it around the house and see if that works.
anyone in the uk? the charger works (green led comes on)but it doesn't charge the bts. in fact, green led turns off soon as i plug it into the bts. its not a faultly charger (this is my 2nd one)anyone in the uk having problems? could it be a voltage problem? cheers cheers  simon
@creator i messaged you via kickstarter (last thursday) and your contact form on your website (monday), but i didn't receive any response of you. i haven't recieved my big turtle shell (fedex fault, they lost it), so either you have to resend it or refund my pledge, since i don't want to pay for something i don't get. it would be really nice if you could at least answer to my message and keep me up to date if you take actions.
@creator  i emailed support as per your insturctions last friday that i have still not received the product and to reship. it is tuesday and i have not received a response.  this has taken way too much time- please refund my pledge.
after having my bts for a couple of weeks the only thing i don't like about it is the power button. i don't see the reason for having to hold it down to turn on and off. other then that i love the thing.
@calab just like any bt device 30' if your only getting 12' something is wrong i get around 30' on iphone 5,5s and my mac .
sent an email to the support about the shipment of the defective chargers.  waited for 1 week, still no response. would be great if anyone could help!
i thought these were suppose to be bluetooth 4.0 good enough for up to 40'? but when i connect it to my iphone 5s it won't play after i walk away from about 7-12' away? anyone else having this problem?
@ monique p.  yes drain the battery i charged my phone and used the 3.5 jack to drain it charge it back up and all should work i had the same problem .
not sure if it makes a difference, but never received an email with a tracking number either.  thanks for looking into it.
@anthony - your speakers should have shipped and arrived.  i've passed along a note to our customer service team to follow up.  we'll be in touch early next week. thanks!
@monique try running the battery down - if not resolved email support@outdoortech.com. thanks!
sorry to be a pain. have all been shipped? i just want to make sure i didn't slip through the cracks. thanks!
quick question: using the bts and it now won't turn off (press and hold power button) and won't pair with my iphone (red light stays on).  what i should do?  should i let the battery run down?
other kickstarters should take note! a superior product was delivered with minimal delay and great communication. nice job peeps! i really love my big turtle boombox!!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
for anyone who comes across the problem i had i drained the battery and recharged all working agin will report back in a week or so after more use .
@harout - sorry for the trouble! we're looking into a couple of canadian shipments that have gone amiss.  please send us a message if you haven't received by the end of this week and we'll reship. thanks!
still no product. tracking says not found. support was no help. very dissatisfied backer.
anyone lose the buttons ? the bts has been working predict for the past week last night i went to shut it off it locked up red light stuck on bt won't pick up anything i can use the 3.5 jack to play but have no control with the buttons . i have emailed them no response yet i'm trying to drain the battery in hopes it will reset the unit .
i received my big turtle shell about a week and half ago. asked for a new charger a week ago. still haven't gotten my charger and still have a paper weight turtle shell. this is getting frustrating..
i received my product about two or three weeks ago.. i'm losing track of time this summer.  so far, both the big turtle shell and the turtle shell 2.0 have been outstanding products.   i took the big turtle shell on a floating trip yesterday, down the kings river in central valley, california.  6 hours of floating, music never stopped, splashes never caused a problem, and the unit never encountered any heat problems even sitting in direct sunlight.  i regularly use the velcro straps to hang it from the gazebo in the backyard by the pool, and it provides clear and crisp music all day long. i couldn't be happier with this product!    (unless it had a bottle opener, but that's just being silly!)
update: i plugged my bts in and it charged for roughly 5 minutes before the light went out, so the battery was good. i fired it up and no problems at all. i guess it just glitched out, as it appears to work just fine now. i've had it running for 9 hrs straight and the battery was still "high". this thing is frikkin awesome!
@outdoor tech are you planning for any firmware update? it seem like bluetooth bugged when i switch device and the sound volume goes low even after i max out bts and my android device. only after i restart bts solve the issues. also, i hope the firmware can be done by the apps that you gonna to release soon next year.
how to turn on audio out? tried with playing music over bluetooth and aux in, and it dont run. do i have to activate audio out?
i also received a defective charger. i emailed them and they promptly sent a new one, which i'm happy to report is working. thanks for such a great product and a quick rectification to the charger issue. looking forward to using this at the beach next week!
it played music over 4 hours, and it said "battery hight". cool
for a quick app update.  the app was funded in part by this project, so development didn't begin until this project was complete, and our first priority has been to fulfill all backer pledges.  release for the app is currently looking like early 2015.  we'll update throughout the process, as this is a new and exciting project for us. thanks!
for those of you who have recently posted regarding a charger issue - please email support@outdoortech.com and we'll get a new one shipped out to you. thanks!
just received my big turtle shell today and it is not charging, is a light supposed to come on when it is plugged in to charge? because it dose not. this is looking like i have wasted my money on a expensive paperweight at the moment.
i have tried pugged it for the first time, it doesn't charge.  i am not sure if it's the charger or the bts itself? sent an email to odt and lets see...
received the product today but didn't have a chance to try it out because the chargers seem to be broken as everyone else is reporting. any solution for this issue? pretty hyped to try the speakers out!
hi guys understand its manic on ur side to sort all of us backers out. any update concerning my delievery?
just wanted to report.  i e-mailed otd support and they responded within 4 hrs.  with my address, i will hopefully have a new charger!  great job! fyi i played the bts and i could hear the music through the house and even outside past the curb.  sound is amazing and can't wait to bring it out at the next pool party.
i'm having the same charging issue. power brick led lit up green the first time it was plugged in but red charging led stayed flashing. now power brick led doesn't come on at all and still no charge. on a good note the 4 minutes i got to listen to the bts it sounded amazing! looking forward to getting it charged so i can keep using it.
wow, only one word to describe bts: fabulous!! you guys rock. it's definetely the best purchase i've done recently... - it arrived to me just 5 businness days after you posted it; - neither fedex nor customs charged me; - the sound is amazing; - everything is working perfectly; thank you so much!
i guess more people have had issues with the charger. the folks at outdoortech are a big help and even though i had to wait a little its nothing compared to the overall wait. just hang in there folks theyll get to you.
hi i sent an email and figured i'd leave a comment here as well. i was able to use the big turtle shell once for an hour and half on a full charge before it died on me. i charged it again the night before and on my second outdoor use the big turtle shell is just dead. i tried plugging it in and either the charger is bad or the turtle shell is not taking the charge.
you guys do realize that this is a kickstarter and there are obviously going to be problems. this isn't a product that has been around for years and they have had he ability to resolve any and all issues. there are going to be issues because we backed their project! but i can attest that odt is a great company and get will help to resolve your issues as quickly as possible! just don't be surprised if everything doesn't work as perfectly as you may think.
glad i am not the only one having charging issues.  disappointed we have these issues.  has anyone gotten it resolved?
mine won't charge. i've emailed customer support and called. i guess you're leaving it up to me. this is getting a bit ridiculous. i'm feeling scammed on my pledge.
when i received my bts on 7/16 i was super excited. later to find out that the charger that came with it wasn't working. i emailed the support and 7/17 and they were super prompt in returning my email within an hour. i didnt know how long to expect to wait for a new charger but it finally came today. it took less than a week for it to ship from california and i live in michigan. currently charging it up now! thank you odt!
any software update? app? thanks
sweet speakers!! gotta say as compared to my jambox.. this is great value!  maybe u could learn a lil on vocal messages from jambox... oh am just charging it up before fully testing it out.
using a 14v universal adapter to charge this up while waiting for a proper power adapter. after hours of playing, it was great.  the down side was sound at max volume. max out your turtle not a good idea.. it will get distortion. bass was "okay"! but i think this can be improve by firmware update pumping the bass a little. with bluetooth version 4, this pair up with my iphone very quick compare to my bluetooth headset which took 8 seconds. the missing feature in bluetooth is the battery level. most bluetooth headset come with battery level reporting back to iphone which you can check the battery level beside bluetooth logo. again, this can be done by firmware upgrade. overall, 8.9/10 for this big turtle shell. i wish to get another set at the price of kickstarter pledge.. rion
hello outdoor tech friends, i am having a horrible time getting my two big turtle shells to synchronize. the sound is quite impressive with such small speakers, and the bass is fairly good. i bought them both excitedly when i saw them on kickstarter for your second round of consumer support. i've looked at the micro directions (which have no visual help), and they say to use bluetooth get one of them paired to your iphones  and then hit the on button for the second one to pair to the other by hitting these two buttons <  > for three seconds. no luck again and again. your speakers don't seem to synchronize. both work on their own when i use blue tooth, but as soon as one is paired the other drops out. and when i try < > no luck. please help!
battery went off, not able to charge yet…catch you all later, hope mine not disappointing me! finger cross!
i'm in malaysia, received yesterday! thx a lot & love it so much!
3.5 hours of normal flight, while playing. average volume.
i'm in canada and got my bts yesterday! charged it up until the led went out and played it for about 15 min total. brought it in to work so i could use it out in the field and it was simply dead. i have to wait until this evening to plug it back in and see if the battery is just depleted for some reason or i have a deeper issue. played daft punk through it and while it won't thump your chest with bass (which i never did think it would do) it puts out some solid tunes. i'll comment later once i have had a chance to try recharging it.
@outdoortech @amanda i think the same thing for the sound, are you going to update the software? the vocals messages are realy short! and for the second time, what about the development your app? thank you to answering
@outdoor tech. alright thanks. just tested the sound and it was loud! but hearing "low battery" made me feel that i can't save this turtle.
i finally got it...yay... but im not able to get music out of it until i plug the "audio in" and i turn it off... when i turn it off i can hear it for like 1.5 sec what the hell is going on?
@frank - i've reached out to our customer service team to have them contact you.  thanks!
@rion yiu hui - i've reached out to customer service to have them contact you.  there's no need for an update as it has been a small percentage of backers who have had the issue.  sorry you're one of them!
i have sent multiple emails, attempted to call several times and no response. my bts plays at 2 very different volumes. over bluetooth at about a 5 and over wired connection a 10. also over bluetooth none of the buttons are functional. customer service contacted me initially and had me unpair the device, i did that and no change whatsoever.  i really need to be contacted with a solution.
@rion yiu hui: you've got to look at the bright side, you can still use the bts as a very expensive and nicely designed paper weight, or you can use it as a very uncomfortable campingchair, or even use it as doorstopper or a humpingtoy for, you guessed it, your pet turtle. totally awesome @outdoortech
@outdoor tech, emailed you but didn't get any replys.  i think you should post an update regarding about faulty charger..
well i searched the whole city, there's nothing safe to use around in switzerland except you've got a few hundred spare.
@kenny - see below for our warranty.  it's also posted in our faq.  thanks!
as backers are we entitled to any type of warranty? say if my turtle shell broke in a year or two, could i send it back and get a new one?
for those of you having charging issues please email support@outdoortech.com and we'll get a new one shipped out to you.  sorry for the trouble!  thanks!
just got mine! looks amazing. doesn't seem to be able to charge and play at the same time though. and everyone says it sounds great, but anyone feels like it sounds a tad muffled? just wondering...
@stefan backocs, any type of alternative charger to recommend?
doesn't  charge here in switzerland, i'm getting an alternative charger and get back with an update
same here, cant charge it → germany...
i just got my bts.... but the charger wasn't working... that's really disappointing...
i just got mine delivered to cambridge new zealand - furthest out from base?  its awesome!!  huge sound from a compact package.  great finish, smooth but with great angles.  overall the best kickstarter experience i've had in my 40+ investments.  'cool' hits the road smokin!'
i was surprised how loud the speaker was. for all of the advertising i was expecting a huge speaker with a big sound. in reality i got a small speaker with a huge sound. i opened it and charged it as soon as i got home, but it wasn't ready until late, so i haven't tested it thoroughly but i believe it is excellent!!
going to get my bts today but was suppose to be yesterday. suspect there was a delay. currently where is the bts? middle of the sea. north east of malaysia, kluang at 6:22am, on the way.. fedex flight from guangzhou to singapore. can't wait to try out my bts but at the same time, hopefully the adapter i'm getting won't have any issues after hearing some complain..
just got mine here in canada. it has no charge and it doesn't charge.
hi gents, i've been told by ups and my local postal carrier to contact you. seems my delivery is in some kind of weird limbo and i may need your help bringing it into the daylight. can someone from odt contact me? much thanks all around.
has anyone had any luck with their customer support email at support@outdoortech.com? i tried emailing them about my defective turtle shell but never heard back and when you call their support line it says their mailbox is full. i would just like to send back my defective one and get one that works but i don't know what their process is. any help would be appreciate. thanks
got my bts and ts2.0 combo today, and what can i say; they're both awesome. wouldn't change a thing. cheers odt! hope you sell thousands! james, uk (backer 1157)
my tracking number nis not working... somebody in canada already got it?
hi, i received two turtle shells but when connected using aux cable it doesn't seem to daisy chain? am i doing anything incorrect
and what about your developping app?
hi odt, i receved the speaker and is great finished, but the mediums and the highs (like voices) sizzle and it is very unpleasant to hear. any solutions? thank you
odt i have a question. on the kickstarter campaign it was stated "the same great water and dust resistance as the original turtle shell® - ipx6 - means that you can take the big turtle shell® everywhere without having to worry about it getting ruined by the elements." however, the product page on your website states. "- ipx5 dust-proof and water-resistant.." the packaging states "ipx6 dust-proof and water resistant. we tested it, it passed, so get wet." i would like to know if it is ipx6 or ipx5. i want to ensure i don't accidentally damage it.
first off i'd like to apologize to the team at odt for being an asshole about the shipping issue. i was having a bad week and i took it out on ian, he didn't deserve it and i owe him an apology. ian and support worked with me and got my products shipped in a hurry so that i got them today. thank you guys so much. got mine today. tested both the bts and ts2.0 they both work well and i was surprised at how loud just the little turtle shell is. i tested it in the conference room with the door shut and played a killers song. the entire office still heard it. i tested call functionality on the ts2.0 and the other party said they could hear an echo. i have yet to test this function on the bts. sound quality is better than i expected. the bags sent with the products are high quality and seem durable. i haven't tested the calamari chargers yet but i suspect they work fine. i have not had any issue with charging as others have and both unites are happily charging away on my desk.  i found that the bts said battery low when i first turned it on and after only 30 minutes of charging said battery high, so it's seems to charge quickly. thanks for the amazing product and i cant wait to send you many new customers. sincerely, shane goldsby
@fabio here's out warranty - also listed in our faq: 12 months from the date of purchase (in the case of kickstarter - date of shipment) warranty for any defects. we will either fix or replace the unit. our customer service team is awesome, this is something we take a great deal of pride in and have excelled at. we want our customers, no matter where they bought the products to be stoked for life on outdoor tech.
@matthew thanks for the clarification.  @niek and @jeff please email support@outdoortech.com. thanks!
my 2 bts also arrived today. both working . really loud and nice sound! cant wait take them for a trip! im really happy. as also the other backers said, daisy chaining makes the 2nd bts really quiet and almost unhearable compared to the other.  but anyway... i love this product! greetings from germany
good news from russia. i recieved my bts. and testing now. thanks outdoors tech
i lived in beijing and got the turtle today. super cool and my friend already asked me to buy one for them. can i order the second using the same price? :-) thank you, man and good job!
i received my big turtle shell on 7/16 to realize that the charging block and charger doesn't work. i emailed support and they were very prompt on returning my email. they are sending me a new charging block but i leave for university soon. how long should i expect to wait to receive it? overall i am still super satisfied with customer service and response times.
got it! i'm living in germany! sounds really good!
i received the big turtle today. and i'm living in sweden!
i've had this thing playing music for most of the day and it still tells me "battery high" when i press the button. it also charged a phone for a bit. still going strong. sounds great and just has that solid/tough feeling.
any update on the app?
i received the big turtle 3 days ago and it's awesome all is working fine!. i have a question about warranty... reading the other comments on how some turtles are not charging and some leds not lighting i'm wondering if something like that happens would i be covered and for how long is the warranty? thank you guys for delivering such a quaility product !!!
i got mine, sounds great, feels great.  i love the voice when it powers up and down.  good job guys.
sorry.. supposed to geared towards @niek and @jeff
@seyha and @shane. if you read the comments since people started receiving them you will see a few people have had problems similar to yours. contact their tech support at support@outdoortech.com
received mine friday (international backer, the netherlands) and i'm very happy with it! this thing thing rockss. it can make loads of noise. thankss for the oppurtunity to back thiss (:
i also cannot get the power adapter to work.  it will not charge the turtle and the led does not turn on.
anyone else have a problem with the big turtle's power adapter not working thus not being able to charge the turtle? the led light on the adapter will not even turn on.
do you have any idea when turtles will arrive in europe? i did not manage to find a tracking number somewhere. thanks!
switching power supply is dead. not possible to charge.  battery is depleted in this state.  it is very bad state.
hi, thanks i got my big turtle shell. i have question about the blue led light is there way turn it off after connect? it keep flash ever 2sec while using it. thanks
i'm having the same issue with the battery only lasting about 2.5 hours before the voice comes on and says the battery is low and to charge it. even at loud volumes i would hope it would last around 6 hours but the most i have squeezed out is about 2.5 hours and then it dies around 3 hours. any thoughts?
got mine! and this thing is sooo nice!  but she is telling me the battery is low and i can't help her!!!. my power block isn't working!
finally got my package!  haven't opened it yet but it looks amazing!  thanks so much guys and good job!
btw, it is great that the big turtle can be paired with two devices at once. that allows me to pair it with my iphone and ipad mini and whichever one plays gets to use the speaker. outstanding!
after a long time i got it, and what a beautiful sound. so clear and loud! i love it !!
wow.....just wow!!!
finally got around to opening the big turtle using it now extremely happy very easy to get up and running (even a cave man can do it) it has far exceeded my expectations excellent ! thank you !
i received my bigturtle this afternoon. i am hearing some music on them as i write. outstanding quality! i didn't dare to max its volume out once i was pretty loud already while testign it. outstanding quality! a+! this overseas shipping was smooth too. i just regret not taking advantage to order the small turtle 2.0 as well, as that one would be easier to carry in trekking trips and trails.
got them, charged them and rocking it! both big & little turtles sound great! nice job!!!
@christine - we'll send you an update on your order shortly. thanks!
@alex - email support@outdoortech.com and they'll be able to help you out. thanks!
this thing is great.  what a smart invention.  will have it in the rainy mountains this weekend.  thanks for keeping all your promises and for what appears to be exceptional customer service. it is unfortunately the exception for kickstarter in my experience.
received mine today (ontario, canada).  looks nice and sounds great.  can't wait to try this weekend by the pool
a little disappointed that my "order" was split for shipping. i got the cables this week with a notice that the speaker itself is back-ordered. i must be one of the later backers who missed out on first-run production? i'm glad to read all the positive feedback. seems like this speaker will be a lot of fun to use :)
receive my big turtle shell yesterday and there was a little hiccup. the red light has been on (overnight) and the buttons aren't responding.  plugging it in does nothing to change the red light and i can't bluetooth pair with my iphone. however the aux/charging capabilities still work, which is good. ok so my questions:  - is there a way to hard-reset the big turtle shell when this happens?  - should i just let the battery drain (and hope it fixes itself..)? - is this the "red ring of death" and do i need to return it to you guys? thanks in advance!
got mine yesterday. charged it up and its great. big and better version of previous turtle.. otd does things right
received my bts today. charged up and made sure everything was working. thanks for such a great product, great communication, and over all the opportunity to back such a project. definitely impressed with this thing. can't wait to show it off. thanks again!
got it today!!! sounds absolutely amazing!!!! stood in the mall parking lot jamming to toy story with some friends!!!
@sam - sorry about that!  email support@outdoortech.com and we'll get you a new power brick. thanks!
received my turtle shell yesterday and it sounds great, however the charger included is a dud. it has 120v going in but no 15vdc coming out. the led on the charge brick doesn't come on.
for those having daisy chaining of 2 bts's, i spoke to support today and am awaiting a call back.  according to support, the second bts may be quieter than the first.  i told them that it is not even functional at the volume difference.  you need to put your ear to the second speaker to hear the faint sound.  i will report back when i have more information.  love the product besides the daisy chaining issue.
hey guys to fix the cover on the audio in flap i realized i was only pushing it in from the bottom run your finger along the top of it also while pushing down and it closes much better. i hope this helps everybody.
just got mine and i am loving it.  i do agree though there are definitely limits.  i thought i would test it out after i charged it and when playing reload by sebastian ingrosso, i had the shells volume maxed.  when it hits the chorus and the phone volume is anywhere between the top three levels and max, the song will start to skip.  as soon as i decrease the phone volume, the audio cleans up and gets really smooth.  if i increase the volume again the song starts to get choppy again.  other than that though the build and quality is excellent and i am super pumped about taking this thing out and putting it to good use.  thanks odt for an awesome product and such a quick product delivery!
got mine charged it paired easily with nfc and this sound good and loud i just question how water resistant this really is with the inputs not sealing that tightly
@britney. keen eye, mine is the same way and didn't notice. don't think it'll be a problem unless a strap or something catches it and pulls it out as it's being exposed to water. anyone else?
i love mine charged paired and plays awesome sound without any hiccups. well worth it. great job odt
just got the big turtle shell! man this thing has some kick! it does have its limits. it can't handle one of my favorite techno songs at any higher then 3/4 volume but then again it took $1100 in my truck to play it that loud! awesome product but i would like some more info on just how water proof this is.
on my big turtle shells the cover for the audio in/ audio out cover doesn't secure as well as the (power) in/ (power) out side. has anyone else seen this? will this effect how water proof the speaker is? thanks.
so mine charged up to full fine, and paired easily. however it is not that loud. i know this because when i hard wire it via the male to male cable the thing has some boom. any suggestions on why it won't give the same sound over bluetooth that it does over the cord? hope it is an easy fix
i received mine today (little rock). it looks great, i am stoked for all the pledge rewards and stickers. it's on the charger now.
i'm also having the problem hooking them together. i'm happy to email support, but with the amount of people dealing with the issue it might be worth posting some kind of update for all to see
i'm glad i haven't set mine in the lake yet, how wet can they actually get without running into issues?
got mine today :) i can't figure out how to pair the 2 big turtle shells together :( anyone have a suggestion?
got mine yesterday, (bts and 2.0) and man, that's some impressive, loud sound in a study little package. thanks guys!
turns out they just didn't ship my order at all. i got this response: "we're shipping it out today - for some reason your customer info imported into our system, but your order didn't drop in when we did our bulk order import. thanks for your patience!  -ian" i've contacted support twice before this and there was no mention of a problem in shipping.
received mine this morning.... charged it while i took my son and dog to the park... came home and paired it to my phone with ease..... fired up a few songs and let me say the audio quality is tremendous! and just like everyone else is saying this thing is loud. can't wait to take this out on vacation.... odt you have a new fan here,that's for sure!
i'm in portland or. and have not received my bts and ts 2.0 or a tracking number despite contacting support multiple times. this is very disappointing. i have no way of know if it was even shipped to me. i can't call ups or usps. guess i just have to hope i'm not out $225 on what i hope will be an amazing product.
waiting for my response from support regarding daisy chaining via cable, so if anyone has any input as to what fixes the lack of volume on the second unit please post.  volume on the second speaker is barely detectable when daisy chained.  as timmy said, volume buttons don't seem to work on the second speaker.  so far both bts' work great individually. is there an estimated time frame on the app to drive two via bluetooth?
got mine in today and took it kayaking after full charge.  holy mother of god is this thing loud!!! thanks for making me love kickstarter again!
just want to double check with other kickstarters, when using a wired cable audio source, do the volume buttons not work on the bts? so the only way to change volume is on the ipod/iphone/etc. if so, that explains why the daisy chaining appears to not work with 2 btss. the audio on the 2nd turtle shell can't be adjusted, so it is at a much lower volume than the first turtle shell.
well.... i got mine. love it. then my friend decided he would drop it in his pool even though it isn't fully water proof. guess what?! now it doesn't work... going to try the rice trick and hope that saves it. i'm pretty bummed about it. waited a long time and the day i get it it gets thrown in a pool cause my friend that it would be funny and not hurt it...
i let mine charge while i was at work, their like everyone else said the sound is loud. "bluetooth-enabled device to bring you 110 decibels of auditory bliss." the 110 decibels is there for sure! i've only noticed bass issues on one song so far however that you can hear the bass that isn't how it sounds normally playing it straight from my comp, phone, etc. freestylers- cracks is the song where the bass was "not natural"... but otherwise the bass is excellent for its size and the audio is clear and doesn't get muffled or any other audio issues! love it and you've got me hooked! i noticed you did acknowledge the typo about the play time and i was going to ask about that...
@allen. i'm in the same boat as you. tracking number is not working. canada as well.
@shiven sorry about that!  email support@outdoortech.com and we'll get you sorted.
@timmy email support@outdoortech.com and they'll get you taken care of.
it sounds so good. i try and charge it since it's low on juice. the f***ing thing does not work. after waiting so long the damn charger isn't working. wow my happy hard on just vanished. wtf wtf please send me another one so i may bask in the goodness. what do i have to do? kill a baby goat?
got my turtle shells today, and they sound great. but haven't had any luck daisy-chaining the two together either.
yeah all these comments aren't kidding, this thing is loud and awesome
got my tracking number but usps doesn't recognize it. should it be 22 digits long? most of the ones i've had have letters and are shorter... this is going to canada. i feel like a kid at christmas eve after reading these posts....
just got mine! this thing is awesome. louder than i even could have imagined. thank you odt, amazing product!
just got this baby. sounds great. time to rough it
i'm still enjoying this speaker and it's making all my friends jealous! i haven't done a real battery test, but the other day i had it playing continuously for the majority if the day and i plugged my phone into it for a while and it didn't even struggle!
can't stop*
just opened my big turtle shell and i can stop grinning ear to ear. this thing is awesome! haven't had a chance to test the battery life considering i just got it but as others have said it sounds great and is very loud. the build quality feels great and the clickable buttons are very addicting.
got my tracking number today and saw it was delivered an hour ago!! can't wait to get home and try it out. i'm in maryland by the way
got the product and bam! getting use right away, just did a conference call from the beach aaaaaamazing!  love that you can take this into a wet sandy environment hopefully it holds up. so far: mic appears to work well even with high ambient background. didn't see how directional as i was right in front of mic but good. don't know if any echo cancellation bring employed but sure to find out on next bridge call. speaker case is fantastic, sturdy case and great feel of rubberized coating. the socket gaskets clumsy with plugs but they smartly attached with removable fastener to easily replace, good job! easy to carry with two mount bars underneath. would have liked a hard point mount, something compatible with tripod mounts but straps do the trick of not optimal. bluetooth pairing to iphone quick easy and so far reliable, a lot better than my belkin. sound - wow very loud!!!  haven't test range but so far so good, doesn't sound like a cheap high pitched tweeter trying to create bass. nice job folks, hopefully i love it as much in a few months!
oops just read the post below and saw the typo corrected.
just received big turtle and turtle 2.0 today. beautiful sound and wonderful bluetooth capabilities. was a little disappointed when reading the instructions that it says only five hours of playback and i think some of the arrows got a little mixed up in their first diagram. but other than that i am very stoked to have been a part of this campaign. i will test the audio playback later, but it did very well on a speakerphone call to my boss. well done.
backer number 1597 out here in wisconsin and i just received my btss! connected and charging up and so far so good, can't wait to get out of the office and really see what these guys can do!!
@alexander - please email support@outdoortech.com and they'll be able to help you out.
hey backers - sorry for the confusion on playback time - there was a typo that said 5 hours.. here is the correct info: 350 hours standby time 16 hours playback time - at normal volume we don't want anyone to think we were misleading them.  thanks!
cant seem to be able daisy chain two bts. pairing through bluetooth aswell as nfc works without a problem. but as soon as i try to daisy  chain two bts the second unit just sits there. tried to switch units tried to switch ports tried swapping 3.5mm cable to the one that came with the other bts. tried restarting both bts.
got my bts! charging right now!  was looking through the pamphlet and at the back, under "spec" it sais "battery life: music playing for 5 hours/standby time about 700 hours" while  kickstarter specs sais "up to 16 hours playtime" and "up to 325 hours standby" bts box sais "16 hours playtime" and "350 hours standby" not really a complaint but an observation.
i just wanted to mirror what a cox said. odt is an amazing company with amazing products and a very good future! i've purchased a few other things from them and use them daily! keep it up guys!
ahh i want this so bad but not even shipped yet and i am east coast. please tell me i'll have it this month in hand. it takes a solid 5 to reach virginia
got the bts and the ts 2.0 last night and tinkered with them to the point of driving the animals nuts. both have exceptional clarity and are louder than imagined. took them out today to show them off to friends and family. my aunt hopped online and got herself a 2.0 and a calamari cable. i'm a lifetime fan of otd and hopefully got another one on-board. well done to the entire otd team and can't wait to see what you come up with next.
both the bts & 2.0 are smaller and lighter than i had imagined. super stoked. it definitely lives up to the koalatee of products we've all come to expect from outdoor tech
got my bts! backer number 654 fulfilled! good-great sound quality, plenty loud, good connectivity, already been water tested a few times, charger works fine, calamari cable works great, happy to also have the carrying case and the straps. all in all super happy. can't wait to show it off to all my friends and wake the neighborhood up the next time i throw a pool party! thanks for the great service odt i'll forever be a faithful backer and supporter!
i have received a tracking number but when i search it on the site it says "not found". i also live in canada just wondering if that has anything to with it?
i somehow lucked out and picked it up at my local post office today, even though i wasn't suppose to receive it until tomorrow. everyone who has yet to receive it: it is awesome!!!! i have the original turtle shell and it completely blows it away. it is so freaking loud! i'm in pa and my backer number was #227. the build quality is amazing as always and the sound quality is stellar. it was completely worth every penny and i'm so glad to have backed this project.
received my tracking # last night.... will be delivered to me here in st. louis on thursday.... will leave a review when i get it.... can't wait.
@david - please send an email to support@outdoortech.com and they'll get you taken care of. thanks!
received my bts yesterday, but the charger is not showing any signs of working. the led on the charger never turns on, and the bts is showing no indication of charging when i hook it up. could someone please contact me to resolve this? don't have any way to get a new charger in my area...
we wanted to pass along our tech support contact info in case anyone has additional questions.  we'll still be answering questions posted here, but for the quickest technical support regarding the product, reach out to us directly at support@outdoortech.com or call 310-677-0190.  thanks!
i'm 652 and tracking # arrived yesterday and bts arrives atlanta thursday. looking forward to it.
it's pretty freaking sweet to see it move in waves across to the east coast. little rock should receive theirs thursday.
i got my tracking number. will be getting next week i suppose.
just received my tracking number, thanks odt. it will be here on friday :)
i received my tracking number from odt last night, but it seems to have shipped out on 7/09. says it will be here on thursday. i'm in the chicagoland area. for those of you waiting to possibly see it pop up on ups my choice mine did not for some reason. so just because it's not on there doesn't mean it hasn't shipped.
i'm backer 1024 from moscow, and i did't get tracking number(
i'm back 945 in denver and just got my tracking number this evening and will be receiving it on wednesday. the threads of people being so anxious is crazy...it's one big feel out guys.
any update on tracking numbers?
found the first typo in their instruction manual. page one has the wrong color pointing to the volume and mfb buttons vs the key. yep auditor hard at work here. :)
haha i reviews my tracking number and my bts is being delivered tomorrow! funny. thanks for the great kick starter odt i'd be happy to help fund any other projects you might need backed!
just got my tracking. thanks can't wait till wed.
hey everyone - wanted to give a little update regarding shipment as we're still working through getting tracking sent out to everyone from our system.  all us orders have shipped, and canadian/international orders are set to ship today.  we're still working on getting tracking to everyone love hearing the feedback from those of you who have received the big turtle shell.  thanks!
i have not received tracking yet. friends of mine who backed this after me have already received their tracking numbers and the bts. what gives?!
i don't think any if us have gotten tacking numbers directly from odt yet because if some issue that happened. if your in the usa you can get some shipping information from ups by signing up for the myups thing. i was under the impression that all if them have been shipped.
okay one problem i'm experiencing, i can't get them to daisy chain, could i get some help here odt?
if you haven't got a tracking code yet, it means it isn't shipped yet? and wich priority did you select for intetnational shipping? sending to the netherlands, greets
can't wait. hurry up ups
i have them, they look and sound amazing! thank you odt, you guys are great!
just wondering if i should have a tracking number by now or are they still coming out? thanks! so excited!
i'm in utah backer #1163 and i just got mine! it's way amazing! i haven't charged it yet but i'm just testing it out a little and i'm very surprised about the build quality and sound quality as well. and as others have said it's really loud and is just great overall! plus the carrying bag, charge cable and straps seem really good also.
just received mine at work this morning. finally had some time to open it up, and... well, the ts 2.0 is doing great. the charger for the bts, however, is going nowhere fast. zero led activity on the unit and/or power block. i should have an interchangeable one at home, but, that's nearly another 12 hours away with my schedule. =o\
received mine in san diego on saturday and used it yesterday at the beach. all good so far. no pairing issues. haven't turned it up all the way because i'd like to have some break in time before i push the woofers. feels solid and i hope it holds up to my outdoor adventures. thank you outdoor tech.
just got my tracking number. should be here on thursday in pa. super stoked for my bts!
if i log in with my facebook account, where exactly would it email the tracking number?
hi team, is there any further information on when international (uk) backers should expect to receive the bts or tracking information? thanks
otd could you please responds to my question and maybe send me my tracking details?
@jase i'm in northern utah and according to ups it's out for delivery right now! i'll be spending my day sitting at my door ha i'll post once i get it.
@link270 thanks for the update. i havent received any kind of tracking information but please do update when you recieve your bts assuming your somewhere in utah not far from myself so as to inform me whether or not ill receive mine as well!
is anyone's turtle shell still stuck in california? has been for three or four days now. not use to this with ups mail innovations. :/.
we love hearing all the feedback on the big turtle shell, and are stoked backers are beginning to receive them!  we've replied via message to all individual backers questions below.  thanks!
go my bts today and i must say it's fucking badass i was backer 822
just hoping it doesn't stay in bishop for two weeks like everything else shipped to mammoth
@jase i'm in utah. via the tracking info i found my bts is currently ib he state and could've come yesterday but it says it should be here tomorrow.
@link what option did you press to speed up your delivery?
i got only 10$ add on but don't see my big turtle shell :"( hmm
i never received a tracking number and i got mine on saturday in socal. the speaker is really great. the build quality seems really substantial and slick.
i still have no debit on my account or bill...nothing that says that otd took my money yet. anyone has the same problem?? especially as german backer i need some debit information for the customs office;/
cant wait till mine comes!!! pretty excited for it but sadly i have yet to receive my tracking information ad am slightly worried. mostly due to the fact that this is my first backed project but im sure it will all be fine! hope to be able to compare it to my odt turtle shell 2.0 sooner than later! anyone else in utah receive theirs?
wow, this thing is awesome!  great work, guys.  my first kickstarter backing did not disappoint!
anyone still curious about the sound quality; don't worry, it's great and it's loud!
i got mine today but the charger is not working! i'm not getting any light on the adapter or the turtle shell. can ot lend a hand for a guy definitely wanting to hear this thing?
just got mine through the regular mail. i was backer #264 and i'm in southern california. currently charging :)
@lauren for me it was only $3 and it bumped it up by almost two days. according to ups mine is currently in my city somewhere but it doesn't say out for delivery yet so hopefully i he's a surprise today! if not today then monday!
so excited to get mine!! the reviews i am seeing make me even more excited! :) i am to get mine the sixteenth,  hopefully sooner! @link i tried upgrading the shipping like you suggested but that actually showed that it would take longer to get to me-certainly not worth five dollars! but i am way over on the east coast, so items from california usually take longer-though mail innovations proves to be faster than regular ups ninety percent of the time!
already in my hands and thumping my whole house!!! you fine folks can make anything you want. we'll back it. this thing rules!!
thanks for that info! i'm unbelievably excited! ha ha
pleasantly surprised. thanks for the review!
i thought i would share a little "review" of the bts after my first day of use. so here goes. after unpacking it last night and pairing it with my phone (very easy), i played a little music through it just to check it out. sounded good and was much louder than i expected. after that i threw it on the charger to get a full charge. only took about an hour or so to fully charge. the manual says 3 hours for full charge, so mine must have come with a partial charge.  anyways. i used it today at work to play music for probably a good 4 to 5 hours, as well as charge two iphones (both were at about 70%), my galaxy s4 (also at about 70%), and to fully charge my zune (go ahead and laugh, i love my zune, lol!). all that and the bts never needed to be recharged! i was also able to charge the iphone and my galaxy at the same time with the included 3 in 1 cable. the sound quality was really good, nice and clear with no distortions even with the volume on my galaxy turned up all the way and the volume on the bts up all the way. this thing is super loud at full volume. i had to shout so a guy standing five feet from me could hear me when it was turned up all the way (in a 20 ft by 20 ft room). all in all it works great for charging and sounds great. the only little quirk i did notice is that when i had my zune plugged in to the audio in jack, i could only adjust the volume through my zune. i looked in the manual and it says you should be able to still control the volume through the bts when you are hooked up to the audio in jack. i dont know if it has something to do with the zune or what, but i am going to try to hook something else to the audio in jack and see if i can controll the volume with the bts. overall i am really happy with the bts so far.
@nicholas great to hear!! what's the sound quality like??
got my big turtle shell today!  this thing is awesome.  sad there are no stickers inside. both turtle shells sound the same.  very loud.  got it at 12. decided i would take my first shower with it.  worked like a charm.  a lot louder than i had expected!
ups my choice said i didn't have anything being delivered.  but maybe it's because they ran out of black little turtle shells and close to a month ago i changed it to white.
shipped! picked up by ups on 7/10 and scheduled delivery is 7/16 (i live in atl). thanks otd!
how not home
i cant wait to get a hold of mine i am refreshing ups praying! home do people how have it rate it?
hi, for international backers, which shipping option have you used via fedex? did you choose via air or via sea? just so we have a rough idea whether to expect our bts in 7 days or 30 days! also, is tracking available for us? many thanks, james, uk
so after finding my tracking number is said it had a potential delivery date of saturday, since it still had to go from ups to usps, but then i found an option to upgrade to ups ground, for $3.50 and it would come straight from them to my house and now it's supposed to be here tomorrow! man i'm just so excited for this a small $3.50 is worth it! ha ha
i can't activate mine :( something about it can't verify my info
i just got mine too!!  tracking number,  that is! do not see a delivery date but i might see ist by saturday or monday! :d
never mind in that. i just got the tracking number from there and it says it's going to get here by saturday, or at least get to usps by then ha
so i did the whole myups thing but it says i don't have deliveries :( maybe it'll show up later. i am backer 1,163 so it should've been shipped if yours did at 1,200.
major info!!! they are shipping ups.  go to the ups website,  sign up for ups my choice.  give you address etc etc sign up.  sign in.  go to tracking go to my choice tracking and bam your tracking number will pop up and full info on your delivery! i am backer number 1200 something.  mine is coming today by the end of the day!  one setback :(.  ups says guaranteed delivery today.  i called and they said they dont have any info on whether the package ever got there.  the guy said i will probably get it tomorrow.
my "ups my choice" says ca to oh by wednesday... can't wait! keep the sound quality reviews coming...
wow, im suprised how loud this thing is. good sound quality too. stoked to finally have it.
@nicholas it is being shipped ups first and then will be sent usps the remainder of the way. it is called surepost, it is an inexpensive way to ship and you still get it pretty fast.:) so you will be alright as far as passcode is concerned.:)
got mine!
didnt they say they were shipping with usps? not ups?  ups doesnt have security access to my building meaning i wont get it. i need the tracking number to call and give access... @ odt was that a mistake or is it actually ups?  usps has the security access key but ups does not.
@link thank you :)
@richard the easiest way is to download the kickstarter app for ios then once you open up the big turtle shell campaign page simple click the "view pledge" button at the bottom center of the screen.
how exactly do you view your pledge number? from iphone or otherwise?
@ryan have tested it yet, is it loud?
@brain they were talking about people without access to the app ;)
@lauren yes there is click on view pledge in the app and it will come right up
@ryan that's kinda lame there was no notification, but awesome that you got it!! let us know what you think of it!
i was backer #32, and i received no shipping notification email, but mine arrived today. so if you didn't get an email but are within the 200 first backers, you will probably get it soon!
i'm backer #287 so hopefully that means that mine will ship out very soon (fingers crossed) ...
maybe that happened to me.  i wouldn't think it would change the backer number.  anyone with ios that changed to the double that can confirm or deny backer number change?
i was a  early bird backer but i guess i lost my # when i changed my pledge to a double :(
i guess if i was in the original 150 $140 backers before upping to the dual, i must be in the first 200.  just surprised that i wasn't in the first 200 shipped.  no email.
@roy, well i'm #1,163 and i pledged on april 21st so if you did on the first then i'm sure your well within the early few hindered backers. also i think because if some of the delays it sounds like their new play is to get everything shipped out but this week, so for most of us next week should be when we start receiving them!
@roy unfortunately there is no way for us none ios users to figure it out.:/. but we should be getting our tracking numbers soon.:)
exited and impatiently waiting.  anyone not on an ios device figure out how to get their backer number?  pledged on april 1st and have no idea where i stand.
i was the 500th early bird backer! i'm so pumped to bring this baby to the beach and on my trip to europe!
@kevin they are doing it in order of backer number. they will send email with a tracking number when it ships.:)
i'm just a little curious. will the early adopter's rewards be sent out first or is it chosen randomly? thanks
@jason that's awesome! i guess they did say they got 200 of them out so you'd be one of the first for sure ha ha let us know if that's it, hopefully that means most of us will have then by the end of this week/beginning of next week!
@link270, yeah i got it through email. the package started out with ups, but it was transfered over to my local post office today, and will be dilivered by usps tomorrow. this is what it said in the tracking email i got from ups "this package is not eligible for ups my choice features including an estimated delivery time since final delivery is being provided by the u.s. postal service." but when i tracked it trough ups it shows that it is at the post office and scheduled to be delivered tomorrow. i dont want to get anyones hopes up too much since i was the 4th backer, but it looks like the bts are starting to make their way to the backers.
@jason how did you get the tracking number? just through an email or something? hopefully it's the bts! although i though they were using usps.
looks like my bts will be here tomorrow! got a tracking number from ups an hour ago. it doesn't say who it is comming from, but it originated in ontario california yesterday, and im not expecting any other packages, so i can only assume it is the bts.
i need to just forget that this exists so that i don't become obsessed with always looking in for an update, that way once it comes it will be a surprise! ha ha
can't wait to get mind :)
yes, getting the big turtle shell is exciting; but, to be perfectly honest, i am more excited to see which of the three turtle shell 2.0 colors was shipped out for my road bike. the suspense is a killer and yet so much fun.
thanks for the update!
hi backers!  thanks for your patience as we've been working through all of the backer orders.  we're going to send out an update tomorrow afternoon, but wanted to give everyone an update here as well.  we shipped 200 or so orders today, and are set to ship the majority of the remaining orders this week.  we apologize for the delay!  importing 1800 addresses and the accompanying orders into our system, then sending them to be processed by our warehouse took longer than anticipated.  we know everyone is pumped to get their big turtle shell, and we can't wait for you to receive it!  so stoked to have such amazing backers! thanks again!
@sam i'm assuming they'll put out an update before we get our tracking numbers, so i haven't revived one yet, but hey said after then ship then out they will be giving out those codes. hopefully soon.
has anyone received a tracking code? i ask so i know when i can expect mine to arrive since i don't really trust my postman. if i know when it's supposed to arrive and it doesn't then i can say something, if i don't know then i'm just waiting with a certain something in hand.
yeah i think we're all just excited ha ha one thing to remember as well is we didn't order these from a website with a solid ship date, etc. we backed them on kickstarter with the expectation that we would get then when they showed up ha ha so far they've done wonderfully! and i ordered a different product from their website a few weeks ago and it got here extremely fast, they even called me directly with a question about the order. so i know once they get them out they'll come fast and well all be happy!
@kyle i agree with you. i understand being excited, i am excited as well. but these people asking questions just takes away from them being able to ship and get our turtles out to us. a lot of times when we have a big shipment come in, we have to ignore the phone so that we can get orders out to our customers in a timely manner-which is what odt is trying to do. they have really put a lot of hard work, time and creativity into this project. not to mention, their customer service is amazing! they have dealt with the impatient of you with such kindness that it makes me feel bad for asking the one question that i did. i am estimating that with them shipping turtles yesterday and shipping more today, we will be receiving our turtles in the next week or so. remember, @sabrina, they have another large shipment coming in today. so the remainder of the orders will be going out today and possibly through tomorrow. these guys have done so much as to create us an awesome device that we will get to rock out on in the nearby future. so be patient, as @kyle said. we will be getting our stuff soon.:) thank you odt!
stephanie, they got through all the backers leading up to your number.  get off their back and let them work.  if you backed this project expecting to use this speaker to dj a party this weekend,  i suggest going on amazon and ordering something with two day shipping. i am as excited as anyone but my life shall move on as i wait patiently.
@nicholas i say it in jest.
yo guys, i'm fiending for my audio bliss mann and galls. where my beats at... **(scratches neck)
how many backers did you get through today? just wondering
@christopher the difference between ipx5 and ipx6 is not that much of a difference.  not to the point that it should be a big deal to the consumer.  it would really only matter if they said it could be fully submerged for up to 10 minutes, and then all of a sudden they said it is ipx5 or ipx6.  that would be a significant difference.  they probably had to change it because when they did the testing process 10-15% of the models couldnt handle a high pressure stream of water so there for they cannot label all of them ipx6.  that is just a guess though. @everyone being so damn impatient seriously guys? half the kickstarter programs on here you get your device/incentive/whatever months after you pay for it.  luckily for everyone here this company has a good strategy and it seems they are providing much faster than 90% of the campaigns similar to this one on this site...
i work for a small, family owned business and i know what is like to deal with impatient, excited and sometimes some very rude people. it only wastes their time and our time when customers do that to us. @brennan and niek i under stand how you feel, i have had that multiple times when i was younger. working first hand with a company that can have huge shipments such as this though, you come to realize there are a lot of delays.  so give odt a small break, as they to have delays,  set backs and more importantly,  lives. they deserved to have fourth of july off, just like everyone else. are we excited to get our turtles? yes!  but we have lived our lives up to this point without them, we can make it another week or two.:) thanks for your kind customs service and for making such an awesome device! (btw in no way am i slamming anyone. i just want people to know that setbacks are stressing not only for the customer, but the supplier as well!)
i agree, we just need more patience. this is a great company and they are doing excellent work! remember, this just got funded on may 1st so the fact that we're going to get it on july is quite amazing! plus how could you have not seen the setbacks considering they were going to try and ship them the week of independence day, when all the companies are closed down anyway? just have faith! they've got a lot on their plate and once we get our speakers it's going to amazing!!
people just need to relax. everyone will get it when they get it. they just said the other day were anticipating starting shipping today.
same feeling as @brennan
@ryan - we're working through compatibility on the app, and will send out an update as soon as have a solid answer. thanks!
@brennan- we're set to start shipping today - as we had to spend most of last week importing and processing orders.  we had a tremendous amount of support for this project, and are working through nearly 1800 orders.  thanks for your patience and support!
soooooo, are we going to get an update on when these are actually going to ship? i'm very excited, but growing a little weary of the lack of communication w/ updates and all these unforeseen setbacks.
hey otd, just a little question. on your kickstarter site its written the bts has ipx6 but on your normal homepage you wrote ipx5. which one is it now ;)?
is the app only going to be compatible with the big turtle shell?  or will i be able to use it for the big and turtle shell 2.0?
thanks odt for just being amazing! unlike a few other projects i've backed, you always respond to any questions and have just great support! i believe you may have set a record (at least for the projects i've backed) for fastest production and delivery time! :)
hi backers!  we spent most of last week working on the customer import and order processing which took longer than anticipated due to the large # of address changes that were sent to us.  we were closed for the 4th yesterday, but anticipate shipping on monday.  we'll send out an update as soon as we have one.  thanks!
how is the shipping going?
any updates?
glad to hear you're processing the shipments today! thanks for doing all this so close to the 4th of july! i can't wait till next week, or whenever it comes ha
any news on yesterday's shipment?
hi guys - we have big turtle shells in our warehouse and are processing and shipping orders today!  as for the app - we're still developing and hoping for release this fall - we'll send out an update as soon as it is ready.  in the meantime you can connect multiple turtle shells with an aux cable.  thanks!
@henrique imperial an app that allows connecting/controlling two turtle shells simultaneously. taken from the faq: "we are also using some of the funds from kickstarter to create an app that allows the use of multiple big turtle shells, wirelessly."
which app are you guys talking about? :s i'm in the dark about it
any shipments left the warehouse yet?
are we still feeling the 7/2 shipping date?
i'm also curious about the app, i ordered two and would like to know how long it will be before i can use both.
i hope this will come singapore asap! can't wait to try out this beast.
it's finally 7/2! just need to wait a little longer :)
backers will receive a tracking number once shipped - we'll let you know once orders start to be released!  we can't wait to get them shipped out to everyone. thanks!
@jack if you read through the comments there are two waves of shipments. the 2nd and the 9th depending on your backer number.
wuhu, comment #400 are there any update on the otd app for the turtle shells? or has it already been released?
may i have an estimate for when my turtleshell will ship? it would be awesome to have it by july 9th. also, will tracking numbers be sent to our emails? thanks!
do internationals get a tracking number aswell ?
man i am 1891 dang.... i can pray the second batch gets to my place by the 12th for my bday bash. i am stoked to get it. thanks for running a great kick starter otc.
nice hope i have it before the 11th going to the beach
i pledged on the 21st and i'm #1,163 and someone else said they were about 1,250 or so on the 23rd.
@andrew from what we figured if you pledged around the 23rd you should still be within the 1500 backers most likely.
so if i pledged april 23 i should be in  the first wave i have an andriod so cant get the app and when i go to backer history and click big turtle shell it says pledeged on april 23 2014
hey @otd, could you please attach the invoice on the package? because i'll need to pay some tax when i get it, and it'll help to prevent misunderstoods and headaches when they apply the tax on the product :) thanks
so basically only the people who waited for the last minute to pledge are going to have to wait.
hey backers!  glad everyone is excited for the big turtle shell® to be shipped out!  we've received roughly 1500 in our first shipment, and will begin shipping those out this week, finishing with all other backers around the 9th when we get our second shipment in.  thanks!
@trapper i saw that that's why i was asking odt. they could stop all this well maybe i will get one stuff if they just post how many are being shipped.
@brian: its not so sure, otd told another back that he is in first wave. his backer number is 1289. if you have a lower number then you are for sure in the first wave ;)
how many backers will be in the first wave? i read through the comments and can't find it. thanks
found another review for those interested: http://www.technologytell.com/gadgets/147402/technologytell-review-outdoor-tech-big-turtle-shell-speaker/ this one has a lot greater detail, especially on the sound quality.
@christopher i don't think it matters who's asking questions. most of the questions have already been answered, people just need to read through the comments. everyone's excited and that's fine i am as well! i'm not odt but i'll answer any questions i have the ability to :)
guys...some comments...i also want my turtle shell as fast as possible.i just wonder if we shouldnt just keep excited and not bother with each tiny question.just wait for it in next 1-3 weeks and looking forward to it!
shipping today or tomorrow or the next day?
@elliot read through the last 10-20 comments on here. we explained how to do it on the website as well as the ios app, if you have the app it's extremely easy, just click the view pledge button at the bottom ;)
hi guys, i was just wondering where i can find my backer #. trying to figure out if i will get mine in the first wave or not.
hey all, i was just looking around today and stubbled upon a review of the big turtle shell today! https://www.youtube.com/watch… it's not an very detailed review, but it's nice to see the actual product and hear a small music test, even though it's just recorded through the camera so it's hard to tell how the quality is.
i just checked and i am backer 1298. hopefully that means i just made it for the first wave of shipments. can't wait to start using this on some boating/beach trips!
@ nicholas thank you.:) i actually placed my order on the april 24th, so there may be a small chance i have of being in the first wave. thank you again!  @ link270 i figured that out after some research that it was only available through apple and unfortunately,  i am an android.:/ but i think i may have figured it out. thank you so much guys! :)
@nicholas @lauren just a note about the app, i think it may only be available on the app store, so if you have an android, blackberry, or windows phone the "app" may not be available to you. so don't go buy an app if you don't need to ;) but it looks like it's been decently explained how to find that info from the kickstarter web page as well.
@nicholas @lauren just a note about the app, i think it may only be available on the app store, so if you have an android, blackberry, or windows phone the "app" may not be available to you. so don't go buy an app if you don't need to ;) but it looks like it's been decently explained how to find that info from the kickstarter web page as well.
@lauren  if you cant figure that out find the backer history link.  click it.  find the big turtle shell link, click it.  it shouldnt take you back here it should just do a pop up screen inside of the browser that is already open.  once it opens find the pledge date.
@lauren it was free on the appstore for me.  idk why it would cost a dollar.  the app icon has a green background and it is a black k inside of a square bubble. not sure if that makes sense.  can you see what day you pledged?  in the upper right hand corner there is a square drop down box that says me.  click that.  then you should see the pledges you have made on the right hand side.  if you dont see the big turtle shell in the list hit view all.  if it is right there then click it.  if not once you hit view all, find the big turtle shell and click it.  it should bring  up a page in that page you should be able to see the exact day you pledged.  i pledged april 23, 2014.  if you pledged before that you are guaranteed to be in the first round of shipments.  if you are after april 23, 2014 then you may be in the second round(depending on how long after that date) hope that helps.
@ nicholas is it the kickstarter app that cost a dollar? only other app i can find is the back it app and it wont me view that information. thanks again for helping me.:)
is the backer list you see in order from 1st backer to last?
@ lauren are you under backer number 1299? if so your in the first wave.  if you dont know your backer number, download the app and go to otd big turtle shell, then hit view pledge.  i am pledge 1289.  if you are under that then you are in the first wave.  if you are slightly over you might still be in the first wave, maybe the second though.
how do i know if i am slated in the first or second wave of shipments? thanks! :) ~lauren
@kasper - yes! send us a message and we'll update your address.  thanks!
@lee chee - not sure if it is going to get there by the 10th for you since you're an international shipment.  we'll send out a shipping confirmation and tracking as soon as it ships.
@nicholas - we're still set for the first wave to ship next week.  can't wait to get the big turtle shell shipped out to everyone!
hi! i want to change my shipping adress from norway to san francisco, california. is this possible? thanks.
hi.. am excited about d shipment. will it b able to get to me by 10th july? kinda my birthday present :)
@otd great!  shipping is still set for july 2?  everything is going well? maybe sooner?  keep us updated! thank you!
@nicholas you're slated to be in our first wave of shipments thanks!
@link270 we aren't able to offer another shipping option sorry about that!
@link270 that doesn't work for me.:(
@link270 thank you just installed the app @otd if i am backer #1,254 i will probably be in the second round of shipments?
if you're on the mobile app then it's right at the bottom center. it's a blue button, i couldn't find it on the site either, only the app.
if you're on the mobile app then it's right at the bottom center. it's a blue button, i couldn't find it on the site either, only the app.
@ryan trammell where is the view pledge link/button.  ive searched the whole darn site and i still cant find it.
@kenny if you press "view pledge" you can see your backer number.
is there a way for us to figure out our backer number? thanks!
is there anyway we could have a 'priority' shipping option??
@nicholas - we'll be shipping out of california, our plan is to ship by backer #, you'll have shipping confirmation but no tracking as they are shipping usps, testing was done on all big turtle shells at the factory. thanks!
sad to hear.  still excited though! a couple of questions. 1.  will you be shipping out from california? 2. will you be shipping to international backers first and the people who are closer last, or are you specifically going by who was the first and last backers. 3. we will be receiving a confirmation once the packages are shipped, but will we be receiving a tracking number? 4. was testing done on all the turtle shells you received?  were they tested at the factory? thank you for those pic updates.  thank you for being such an awesome company! cannot wait to get my hands on both of the ones i ordered!
@matt and @kyle - thanks for the notes on shipping.  we're putting together an update right now on production and shipping.
any updates on shipping for u.s.
is there a known ship date yet? my pledge was made on april 1st,if that helps your estimate. i will be out of town the last week in june and am wondering of it'd be possible to delay shipment until july. thanks
@ryland - please send us a message with your full address if you'd like to change your address. thanks!
shipping via usps to canada too?   be sure to use my po box 7101 not my house address.
we'll be shipping out using usps, and will send out a shipping confirmation once shipped.  we're past the certification process, and will be sending out an update early next week. thanks!
i am not able to ship to my work, as such i put in my home address. will you be sending out tracking numbers to backers?
we'll be able to track the package? thanks :)
are you guys already past the certification process?
hi may i know when will you be shipping the turtle shell for international orders?
great to hear that production went well and the units are on their way to you! hopefully it's not long till they get out too us :)
@arthur - production is complete and the big turtle shells for backers have shipped from the factory.  we're still on track to ship orders out in the next 2-3 weeks depending on backer #.  thanks!
any updates you might wanna share? like how is it going with the production?
i believe it was stated that they were going to use usps for shipping, at least within the us. not 100% certain about international though, correct me if i'm wrong. also i would hope we get tracking numbers of some sort once they get everything shipped out, but again i can't answer that as i don't know :)
what delivery company do you plan on using?
this may have already been covered but i did not see it in the comments... will we get a tracking number once the packages have been sent? thanks
@josh - we're looking at late june delivery for all backers.  thanks!
@buffalo and sun - thanks for the feedback on international shipping.
@martan - the wall charger supports 100-240ac and an output of 14.5v 2.48a. you'll need a plug adapter to use.  thanks!
@nicholas - we're set to deliver in late june.  thanks!
what is estimated arrival for deliveries in america?
gd point matan rosen.. can i double check that d power is for use in asia's 240v? tq
thanks for the shipping info: for international: please declare it as a gift and not as merchandise. your product is a reward for our pledges. and please attach that declaration/invoice at the outside of the package too.
thanks, i have another question: can i have my big turtle shell with a 250v europlug and not an american 120v one?
i hope what they meant is late june for all backers.  meaning international backers will receive it late june and people in california and the rest of the usa will receive it mid-late june.
in about a month from today, give or take a few days or a week, i shall hopefully own a big turtle shell!!! that is, if it's all still planned for a 'late' june delivery. (by 'late' i'm assuming your thinking around the 20th-30th ish?)
@matan - the big turtle shell will be black for all backers. thanks!
@lee chee wayne - please fill out the survey that was sent out for color selection on the turtle shell 2.0.  thanks!
i would my to be black plz (:
1st choice purple.. 2nd orange.  3rd is red tq
@tripp - delivery is a little more reliable as there is someone there to receive it.  thanks!
@lee chee wayne - can you send us a note with updated color choices?  i'll send you the info to pay international shipping.  thanks!
@a cox - thanks! we appreciate it!
i believe it is because commercial delivery is cheaper and faster?  residential delivery is slower?  just a guess.
why do you recommend shipping to a work address?
oh yeah.. didnt see the charges for 30 bucks to my card yet for overseas postage fee. can u verify whether its been charged yet?
hi.. i've replied the response for color choosing for the turtle shell 2.0 and would like to change my choice. is that okay?
if otd runs all their business dealings like this kickstarter i'll be a fangirl for life. the customer care/communication has been one of the best i've been engaged with since i began doing kickstarter backing. thank you otd. the bts and lts are quite exciting products...by the way and all that...
@shiven - @link270 is correct.  the big turtle shell is currently only offered in black, so no need for color selection on the survey.  thanks!
@seyha - each backers selection has been noted already.  i double-checked yours and you are good to go.  thanks!
@shiven the $150 pledge is only for the big turtle shell, which only comes in black. the color option is for the turtle shell 2.0 which is an older model you could get alongside the big one at a high pledge level.
hi i have a $150 pledge. do we not get to choose from color ourselves? if so, do we get black or is it random?
i have question, i added extra 10$ for 3-in-1 usb cable. i don't see in survey asking me about it. i just want to make sure i will get the extra 3-in-1 usb cable. thanks
@rion yeah my birthday is on the 14th of june. so i'm really hoping this will be here on or around then as my present to myself :)
hopefully before june 19th. couldn't wait! gonna to need this to blast my bday party!
@christoph - your payment was processed and you're all set!  check back on your statement as it authorized when you originally pledged.  thanks!
*charge
can it be you didnt change my credit card yet? could it be because im from germany^^?
@pieter and @francisco- we'll be sending out a survey later this week to collect everyone's shipping information, so keep an eye out for that.  as for delivery time we're still looking at a june shipping window, and will know in the next couple of weeks what part of june.  thanks!
are we talking early june or late june?
when i can except some information about my order ?
ok thanks :)
@simon i'm assuming you're referring to the survey where you enter in your shipping address, etc. those usually get sent a little later. since they have an estimated shipping date of june i would guess they will send out those surveys within the next few weeks or so, so they still have time to get everything ready and whatnot. so yes, it is normal for it to take a little while till you get them, and they haven't been sent out yet so you've got nothing to worry about. not an 'official' answer by any means, but that's what i'd say to answer that.
when will the shipping formular be sent? adress ... i didnt get the formular, is this normal or not?
@tripp - the big turtle shell has 3.5mm input and output ports. so you can connect them with an aux cable.
can you explain what you mean by daisy chain? what will i need to buy in order to do this? thanks.
@brett - we're looking at a longer timeline for the app than june.  as soon as we have a more definite date we'll send out an update and let everyone know. thanks!
when do you think the app will be ready? june or is that a longer timeline?
@nate - you can currently daisy chain 2 bts together to expand the sound.  we're working on an app that will allow you to connect 2 bts wirelessly at the same time.
@fränck - we are set to ship to all backers in june including international backers.  thanks!
@matthias - the wall charger supports 100-240ac and an output of 14.5v 2.48a.  you'll need a plug adapter to use.  wir können nicht warten, um zu bekommen das big turtle shell, um sie in deutschland ausgeliefert.  i think that's right - my german is a bit rusty :).
would there be any way to connect 2 bts with one phone for expanded area?
hey there, i pledged 180 dollars (150$ reward + 30$ shipping) and i live in luxemburg, will the big turtle shell also be shipped in june for europe?
hey there, will the power brick come only with the plug type a? this would be quite useless for me as i need type c (eurostecker). will the power supply capable of using 230v ac? and thanks für this great project! :)
@james - yes, backers of the $140 level and above will receive all 3 stretch goals (carrying case, mounting straps, and a calamari 3-in-1 charging cable)!  those who pledged $10 will receive an additional calamari 3-in-1 charging cable, but not the mounting straps or carrying case.  thanks!
@nicholas - we are still set to ship in june, just can't give a specific ship date yet.  as for washing off the big turtle shell you'd be fine with that.  ipx6 means it's not rated to be fully submerged, but is protected from high pressure water stream from any angle.  thanks!
oh, i saw the update, close the question in the previous comment)
where i have to give you information about delivery (full name, shipping address)?
will backers receive all three of the stretch goal rewards?
also, can i literally wash the big turtle shell off in the sink if it gets mud on or in it.  it will be fine being rinsed out and/or quickly submerged (completely submerged) underwater?  i get that it is ipx6 which means you can shoot water at it in any direction like a crazy strong stream of water and it will be fine.  but,  ipx7 means it can be submerged up to 1 meter and ipx8 is whatever the manufacture states it can do (i.e. 3-100 meters submerged).  obviously i am not a dumby and i understand i cant scuba dive with the thing (haha).  i am pretty much just asking if it were to fall in a bathtub full of water will it break?  if i drop it in a lake in the shallow end will it break?  if i take the mounting straps, strap this sucker onto a jet ski and just go crazy with ocean mist flying everywhere, will it break? feel free to answer whatever you feel necessary.  :d
as much as i need and want it right now, i know i have to wait.  i also know, it will surely be worth the wait.  to calm myself down a little bit could you estimate when it will be shipped; beginning, middle, or late june?  as of right now are you feeling confident on saying early june?  not like it really matters if it is early june or late june.  since i know it will be here regardless.  i am just impatient sometimes and i love answers.  :d
oh man i can't wait to show this off!  congrats:d
@patrick - thanks!  can't wait to get it shipped out to you!
@jeffery - june is still looking like a realistic delivery date!  thanks for the support!
congrats on this guys and congrats to us for you guys meeting all three goals. cant wait to bust this out in europe and asia :)
congratulations! my 15 yo son informed me about the product (crazy kids). i have an outdoor putting green with seating area, i think this will be perfect. is june still the target date or might they ship sooner for the eligible backers?
thanks everyone for the support!  what an amazing campaign.  we can't wait to get the big turtle shell into your hands!
congrats guys! i can't wait until june!!
congratulations :d
congrats on a great campaign!!!!
thanks to the early bird that pulled out at the last minute....someone else could have saved $10...just sayin!
congrats on a great campaign and on reaching all stretch goals!!!
congrats on stretch goal 3!!
:d now if only it were june.
ditto on elias' comment!  stretch goal 3, woo hoo!
congratulations!!! can't wait to receive mine.
@Денис - thanks!  we're stoked too!
@timmy the app will work with the original turtle shell - can't wait to get the big turtle shell to you - name wise just rolls off the tongue better!  thanks!
wow, i've just awoke, and 303k$) very very nice)
hey first of all i love the big turtle shell and i'm so exited to get it.but with the app, will it work with the turtle shell 1.0. and i thought this was going to be called the armadillo.
$300k!!  amazing - thanks for all the support!
that's when i realized there is 13 hours left and not 13 minutes... either way it is awesome! hahaha
if we keep up the same pace that we've had then well get another $20,000! ha. what about a new goal at $320,000 ;)
that was beyond close. congrats odt!!! and hello extra charging cable!
got it!!! awesomeness!!!
boom! sorry... no pun intended
$297 left to hit stretch. let's go!
5,000 left.  16 hours.  create a new stretch goal? haha
if anyone has heard the big jambox by jawbone, it is very loud.  i asked odt if the big turtle shell would be similar.  they reassured me that it would be similar in volume.  the main difference is the capability of withstanding the elements. after hearing that i increased my pledge to $300.  :)
we've got about 20 hours to get $10,000! we got this!!
one thing to keep in mind is that it's very difficult to cut a demo video that accurately represents the sound capabilities of a speaker, let alone makes it sound good. i appreciate odt's attempt to give us something, even though it may not be enough to appease everyone. as others have pointed out, this isn't their first foray into the portable speaker market, so for that reason i'm going to keep my pledge. if other people want to pull their pledges that's up to them, but i'll still be stoked for the bts either way.
@michael i like the way you put that. and to add, this isn't the first speaker they have ever made. they made the first turtle shell, then improved with the turtle shell 2.0! plus they have many other high quality and highly rated products out there. i don't see them going backwards, especially with a bigger and louder product. i see it only going up!
@outdoor tech. i am extremely excited about this big turtle shell project. i hope all the other backers also enjoy the ride of anticipation. just like a big release of anything, specs are released, a teaser pic,and  maybe a price. based off the specs you either buy or pass. one does not always have a tangible product to scrutinize. with all products there will be pros and cons and from there outdoor tech can either listen and improve product or not listen and lose business. i can appreciate your focus on getting the product out. some of us don't need a video i would prefer product. i hope outdoor tech quiet the na sayers and make them wish they supported the project at this price vs the retail in the future.
@kevin - passed along to our product team to see if this is something we have, or can get for everyone.  thanks!
glad the majority of your liked the videos that we put up!  appreciate all the love and support over the last 30 days!  we'll include a couple of stickers with the big turtle shell so you'll be able to rep odt.  24 hours to go and $300k is in our sights - let's do this!
@jamie i have nowhere pointed or attacked any other backer and have placed rational arguments which were never anwsered. even you seem to not see that using the speaker in the sea is not possible because of no devices to stream music. the comment right after yours seems to get it so i am not the only one. and whoever accepts the bulky charger as something thought through is naive. for your info i have cancelled my order here (got down to $1) and bought the other speaker. i really believe that people who want to enjoy music not gadgets should follow me. i will get it sooner and hear the music better. this is my last comment here unless someone directly points at me.
i am dropping my pledge to one of the much lower brackets. since you can't really seem to follow up on promises, i am interested in the product but don't want to burn too much money if it turns out you have been conning us.
thanks for those two videos, but i think we would all like to see more of the second variety where you can actually hear the speaker pumping noise.
@priam. i think it is time for you to stop commenting now. you have tried to get the information you wanted and are not satisfied. we all get that. this is a kickstarter project and as it says in the disclaimer you do your due diligence as best you can and then decide too back a project or not.  so in your case don't back it. buy the other speaker you linked to or wait till this speaker is available for you to evaluate to your satisfaction and buy it then at a higher price. i haven't analysed al of the comments  but since there are 242 comments and 1606 backers there are at least 1300 odd people who want this project to get up. ( i did not allow for people commenting over and over) your borderline ranting is starting to sour this experience for me and i would guess other backers. so, with respect, either back the project and when you get your speaker issue either an apology for being so disdainful and negative or give us all a big i told i you so and enjoy your moment in the sun.
two videos. one of them does not even has the audio from the turtle, and the second lasts 10s and we can see that the speaker can shoot water. they show where the speaker can be used but absolutelly not how it plays. i assume that the happy bakers are those who just want to splash the speaker and not listen to the music. and just explain to me how the lady on the beach can listen to music? she's more than 30feet away from dry land and has no phone with her. what is she streaming? if those videos are ok just take a look at this: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@outdoor, any chance we could see a frequency response graph for the bts?
thanks for the response @outdoor tech! i upgraded my pledge to the $225. i had to do my part to get us to the $300k. can't wait!
i was also wondering about stickers and such. i don't want to be getting greedy now, but i did notice stickers and a case are included when you purchase the original turtle shell directly from your site. we did reach the stretch goal for the case but i was hoping we might get some stickers to show off too. i'd love to put some on my gear to show off a newer brand. obviously not a big deal, but would enjoy it. thanks!
@outdoor tech i saw the videos and i loved it and no matter what i will continue with my pledge of $150.  i really hope we get to $300k. i have a question. the big jambox (by jawbone) (dont really like that company there speakers distorted a lot) has a 18wpc class d amplifier in it.  how will the big turtle shell stack up to that? will it be as loud?
thanks for the effort of (finally :)) putting up the video. now i really can't wait for it!
thanks for delivering odt. i think this reaffirms confidence in the backers. lets shoot for 300k! and another little question if we do hit 300k does everyone get a lanyard and stickers with the cable or only for the 10$ backer award? i really want some odt swag haha
your not you're....
thanks guys for the videos! i am glad to see the response. i hope to see a real demo video out hopefully after you finish all you're production things and whatnot but either way i'm way more excited now and hopefully it helped with some of the other guys and potential backers out there. let's hit $300k!!
brain fart.  there******
it seems like so many people were asking for a video.  no one even thanked you guys for taking the time to put up a video.  i guess i will be the first (and i didn't even ask for one). thank you guys for the awesome videos.  i am sure those two videos re-insured all the doubters out their!  continue being awesome odt!
here's one more video showing the big turtle shell in action. disclaimer: this is an adult video showing adult actions of irresponsible adults doing irresponsible things with the big turtle shell. it is not intended to withstand moonshine, but apparently it does, while bumping mase. enjoy, don’t try this at home, and by all means don’t party with your big turtle shell, that’s not cool, at all. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@travis - backers of the $275 reward will get 2 sets of mounting straps. thanks!
will the mounting straps be one set per backer or one set per big turtle shell? i pledged the $275
some of you have been asking for a video, and rather than make an iphone video in our conference room, we realized we have some footage of the bts over the past few months for you. the first is a video we made for our national sales meeting last week in lake tahoe, the first clip is of a girl dancing with the bts at the under armor war of rails last month, the audio is from the bts filmed with an iphone, the rest is an edit for the brand, hope you enjoy both. https://www.youtube.com/watch… our in house photographer is up in mammoth doing a team shoot right now, he is going to send us a clip of the bts with some of the crew up there and we will post that in the comments when we get that from him as well. in addition, we have sent the bts to many journalists, and they all love the bts. this is from a writer who has been playing with and beating up his turtle shell 2.0 for some time, he had a chance to play with the bts, so go ahead and read that if you have a moment. http://www.trektechblog.com/2014/04/ot-big-turtle-shell-bluetooth-boom-box- bigger-better.html#.u1_bqccnija thanks for all the participation, love and interest in the project, we would love to hit $300k and get the last of the stretch goals. we have also posted a couple of pics of the charger alongside the bts in the project. oh, and by the way, we just put up a photo of the carrying pouch for you all, hot of the sample press checking the fit and look. thanks!
hey guys - thanks for the comments.  we'll have a video out today - our team is working on one right now and we will have it up in a couple of hours. thanks!
at least admit to you're false promises and try to make it up to is somehow...
i am very disappointed in odt right now... you've obviously made quite a few promises that you can't keep with the pictures and videos etc. so how are we supposed to know what you're promising on your product? this is terrible marketing and since the 48 hour notices have gone out all of these negative comments are going to keep people from pledging, and push away some that have already backed. i know you're still a newer young company, but you've got a ways to go.
i agree what most people already said. as from when i started to back this project i was waiting for the requested movie of any quality confirmation. with only 47 hours left, spending $250+ on something where i only how it looks is a bit difficult. please provide with some video or proof of the relatively small watt to the statements regarding dbs, otherwise i'm afraid i'll have to pull my pledge as well.
48 hours left in the campaign, and otd is now 12 days late delivering any sort of video proof that this thing works or stands up to any of their promises....  come on guys? record a video. you don't need "marketing team approval" for this, just use your smartphone and upload something to youtube.
i have pledged again $1 just i could comment. i have pledged (earlier) because i am in need of a high quality bt speaker and i thought that this is the best i can get. it was advertised as the loudest and with high sound quality. then it occured that otd doesn't want us to know how it actually feels to use the gear. we still don't know how the charger looks like (3 hours left counting from the promise: we'll upload a picture of the power brick today). the specs were revealed just because we have forced them and they look not as good as i initially thought. i have imagined this will be at least as good as the soundlink mini because the retail price is just as high. now i know it will just be louder. of course the speaker is ipx6 and for people that really need a thing when hiking in rain or getting nasty on the beatch this is the right choice. for me it is not. i will mostly listen to it in rooms, hotels, and outside on sunny days keeping it far from water. the sound quality is what counts for me the most. i did a lot of research all over the web and was going to buy a jbl charge because the soundlink is just too expensive. the new charge has twice the power of the turtle and it still plays a lot worse than the bose. i pledged here and thought that i make a great deal. then i checked again and did more research. i luckilly found my dream speaker: audiodynamix.co.uk/the-pulse-2 (just paste it in the url). other audio dynamix speakers have wonderful reviews on amazon and sound great and this is going to be the best they have made. this will be the only true competitor to the bose soundlink.  if there are more people here like me than this is the right time to get the pulse. a few more days it is discounted for preorder and will be shipped within 2 weeks.
thanks for the feedback guys - i've passed along to our marketing team to see if we can fit in and make it happen.  appreciate the passion and recommendations.
@carl - let me check with the team and see what we can do on the international shipping side. i'll shoot you a note and let you know.  thanks!
+4 had to say this but if i was a shark tank investor if be pulling my teeth out because of a good project without the necessities to showcase it or facts
+3 to chris. if you guys are confident with your product, then what is there to lose with a video? takes a maximum of 1 hour to make and render a short clip.
+2 to chris's comment. an iphone single take will do a world of good. continuing to beat around the bush will lose backers.
+1 to chris's comment. i believe a short video just to prove it is what it is and it plays music would be extremely beneficial to this campaigning, and to your product. thanks!
hi, could you declare it as a sample or with 0 value? the additional import tax and shipping leads to a quite substantial price increase... i was a backer with the original turtle shell and there were no duties when i got it, wonder if you could handle it in the same way (can't remember what it was though). thanks carl
yes, we all watched the today show video and that was great, it showcases the size. but (and this is simply me playing devil's advocate because i really do want to trust you -- i've just been burned by false advertising on ks before) the bts is right next to a ts2.0, so we don't really know which one was playing the music. and on top of that, the hosts were super chatty so we aren't able to really get an ear for what the audio sounds like or how loud it can be. is it audible and non-distorted from a 50yd distance? if it is, how loud is it at 2yd at that volume level? many other folks have said it so i'll say it again: we want to believe in this product and in your team, please take the time to grab an iphone and do a 5-minute "here's a real device" video where you can showcase the audio quality and volume, components, size comparison and talk about whatever else. it would probably take longer to film the 5 minute video (single take is really all we need) than it would to upload it to youtube (put some ads on it even, you know at lest 1,000 people will watch it) and post us a link in an update. i live in bloomington, in. is there anyone nearby who you sent one to for a review? i would be more than willing to track them down and borrow theirs so i can create this video for you. i'm sure it sounds like i'm being an a**, though that is really not what i mean to sound like. so many backers have commented asking for a video to show the quality, some would probably purchase more than one if they got to observe how amazing it actually is.
@mike - we'll upload a picture of the power brick today.  as for the demo video - as we've said in earlier comments we've had to prioritize our time to ensure delivery for june, finalize testing and certification, as well as packaging, etc... the big turtle shell was on the today show last friday, so we have nothing to hide!  let me go back to our marketing team and see if we can find time to do a quick 30 sec video with functionality, etc...  thanks!
why won't y'all upload a demo video? or show the power brick? makes me wonder if you have something to hide...
@bjarte the power brick is 120v/240v you'll just need an adapter for the european outlet.
@vaughn - at the end of our campaign we'll send out a survey and you'll be able to choose the color of your turtle shell 2.0.  thanks!
@frederico - you are correct this will ship from the states.  for customs we will declare the value at $100 to save on duties, etc... thanks!
@britney - for the mounting straps it depends what you're mounting to - 2 will work, but 4 will be most secure.  for backers who back 2x big turtle shells they will receive 2x 4 packs of mounting straps. thanks!
2x3w/5w 4ohm speakers is not truly capable of reaching 110db of sound. if you do any research at all on the internet you can find that out. i am extremely interested in this project and want to believe that the sound is amazing, but without any sort of video proof showcasing the sound quality, i will have to pull my $275 pledge. the other backers are right: you promised this video would be released over a week ago. is this indicative of how you will keep your promises to the backers? without a video of the actual sound and performance, it suggests that you know you are selling snake oil and are just going to scan us all into a crappy device (elemount anyone?). please post a video as promised (of the bts, not the ts2.0) or i will back out and strongly urge everyone else to do the same.
will the power brick be 120v or 120v-240v? i assume that you have to use an adapter for the actual plug, but will it have to change the voltage as well?
since i ordered the turtle shell combo with the big turtle shell,and little turtle shell. can i get my little turtle shell in green? or is black the only option through this kickstarter campaign? thanks in advance.  vaughn salzbrun
hello once again, thanks for the quick reply earlier, i just had a tought, since you didn't specified if this project was euro friendly i asume you will ship directly from the states, thus there is a chance the boxes might be retained by costums to by aplied any extra costs?
are all 4 straps needed for mounting the speaker? if so, will those who backed the big turtle shell set for $275+  receive a second set or will we need to get that as an add on?
@michael yeah i'd agree. even if they could grab an extra speaker that they've been using and make a simple video with a camera or even a phone ha ha it doesn't have to be amazing, but i would be nice to see the product from all sides and even hear a little demo. i know they probably want to make a solid professional video to really show off it's performance, and that does take a lot of time, but it would be fine with me just to get a quick 5 minute glimpse of it and whatnot. especially since the 48 hour notices will be going out soon, and i'm sure that a lot of those people are going to be coming back to see if that video is around so they could donate. just my thoughts.
going back in the comments i see one 18 days ago that a video and demo will be made available within the next week. it doesn't need to be pretty but just the speaker with some different tunes for people like me to see and hear what it sounds like for a little bit of comfort on our purchase. i think this would also boost the total pledge amount as more reluctant people can see what there getting.
@link you got nothing on a few game that i backed we had a few guys that posted every few minutes. all day and all night
would this work with the dart project?
@link270 - no worries we love it!  not to mention you like one of our favorite nintendo games just saying.. thanks for the support!
@nicholas - yeah!
i know i comment a lot but, $250,000!!! awesome!! i'm seriously considering bumping up to the $225 pledge to help get us to $300,000 ha ha awesome guys!
$250,000!!!!!
@angus- we can't wait to get our big turtle shell® into your hands!  we're looking to add a color or two in the next year, but right now we're not planning on a neon green version.  i'll pass along to the product team though. thanks!
@link270 - thanks!
p.s. one early adopter is free for a lucky believer
with no update. silently in the comments you tell as that the specs are in the description somewhere now. no word about the speaker technology 2x3w sounds just normal, not something of mega power. no word about the size and weight of the charger.  for 170$ plus taxes i can get plenty of more powerful speakers from a lot of companys (jbl charge, many directly form china). ipx6 sounds nice and a little bigger battery is also nice but not when it needs to carry a brick wherever i go for more than 2 days.  i'm sorry, i'm out. good luck and when the big shell hits the shelves i will try it and maybe buy in the future.
i'm really excited about this, but i really wish it came in neon green. but that's my wish. lol
i know 0% about volts/watts so if someone could help me out...there is another project going on right now for a smaller laptop charger. would this be comparable with the big turtle shell? dart https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/215201435/dart-the-worlds-smallest-laptop-adapter…
thanks for the specs guys. and a note to all those that are complaining or worried about this: i've been watching this campaign very closely since i backed it, as i am looking forward to this a lot, with that i have looked into this company quite a bit and read countless reviews of their other products. all of the proper reviews i've looked at for the turtle shell and turtle shell 2.0 suggest that it has very very good sound quality. all the main issues with the first turtle shell seem to have been fixed in the 2.0! so i'm just assuming that the bts is going to have that many more advancements. like the volume and bass should be better just based on the facts that it's bigger. also in a big comparison that compared about 8 different speaker, the turtle shell 2.0 had the second best sound quality and vas the overall second best bluetooth speaker. if you're worried about it go search around for some reviews and you'll see this company is legit and seems to make very high quality products, well worth the price tag. thanks!
thanks for the feedback guys - we've posted the technical specs of the big turtle shell® in the project as well as in the faq.  appreciate the patience!
i'm starting to get a bad feeling like @priam. you guys are keeping too much a secret. i'm going from an old bose sound dock to this and i'm very worried that the sound quality will be awful since you apparently do not want to show us. also, as for not taking any input with the design (ie charger) i think is really a bad business practice. i am really considering withdrawing. convince me otherwise...
i too look forward to seeing the technical specs.  this thing has a lot of potential, but it doesn't leave a good feeling seeing all the delays posting this information.
so the video is a big problem. ok i can almost understand that. but the specs? you don't know them or what? two days ago you said we should get them in two days and now we are told that tomorrow is the day. why? are you making any changes to the specs? is there something new comming? why can't you simply write them down? it would also be nice to get a glimpse of the 14v brick. if it is big like some laptops have or adds another 300 grams to the weight i will have to reconsider the purchase. if one of these will not be revealed before the end of campaign i will cancell it. i really do not buy anything blindly. it's just against my personal convictions.
@michael - we'll be sending out an update with the tech specs tomorrow.  as for the demo video - this has been put on the back burner for the time being as we're prioritizing june delivery for all backers, finalizing product testing and certification, as well as packaging, etc...  keep an eye out for the update tomorrow!
@link270 thanks!  we're pumped at the momentum we have, and hoping to hit that $300k stretch goal as well!  appreciate the support!
where is this video i thought it's supposed to be done by now. buying a speaker without hearing it somehow or knowing its specs is like buying a car without test driving it. am i wrong!!!!!! i bet this will still be a great speaker but this is very unsettling to many pledgers i bet.
$240,000 awesome! just $10,000 more till the mounting straps! hopefully we'll even make it to the $300,000 goal! plus i noticed you added a few more $150 rewards, that's nice. i'm getting excited for this!
ok, i already have one
@Денис and @simon - you'll need a plug adapter to convert from american (2 flat parallel prongs) and converts them to the european (2 round prongs).
@priam- with the power bank charging capability of the big turtle shell we had to go with a wall charger rather than a usb charger.  the type of charger we’re using has been in the faq since the beginning of the project, and comes from one of our trusted production partners.  we don’t include an international plug adapter with any of our products, as most international kickstarter backers already have a plug adapter they prefer.  thanks!
how much watt will the 110 v adapter need?
i live in russia, and if i understand correctly, i will need an adapter for sockets with 220 volts.
the same question
what? there is no possibility to use usb charging and it goes only through your 12v brick (which we have not seen and don't know how big it is btw) and there will be no international plugs? but it works on 220v or do we need a transistor?
@joe - the $225 pledge level is for 1 turtle shell 2.0 and 1 big turtle shell.  the $275 pledge level is for 2 big turtle shells.  hope that makes sense!  to pledge for another 2 big turtle shells you can increase your pledge amount and send us a note.  shoot us a message if you have any other questions.  thanks!
@simon - for international shipments add the $30 to your pledge and you'll be good to go.
@frederico - you'll need an adapter to use in 220v outlets.  thanks for backing!  can't wait to get them into your hands for summer!
the reason i ask if i can pledge a second $275 and receive 4 big turtle shell boom boxes is because i originally pledged $225 for the one big turtle shel and one small turtle shell. when i pledge $275 a few weeks later i believe it just up graded my $225 to $275 so i will only receive the 2 big turtle shells at the $275 pledge. i believe the original $225 is in that $275. hope that makes sense?? the one pledge for $275 is good if thats how it stands right now. i'm just interested in pledging anoth $275 for a additional 2 large turtle shells.
i already pledged $275 for the two big turtle shell boomboxes w/charging cable. my question is can i pledge $275 a 2nd time?? 1.pledge $275 or more  big turtle shell® set - double your sound - two big turtle shell® boomboxes along with a calamari 3-in-1 usb charging cable. this speaker... view more big turtle shell® set - double your sound - two big turtle shell® boomboxes along with a calamari 3-in-1 usb charging cable. this speaker set will retail for more than $474.95. free shipping within usa. (add $20 for shipping to canada, $30 for international shipping.)
jeah i want to know fredericos answer to and i baked it from austria, so inernational and i baked the 140. my question is do i have to bake 170 or will the additional 30 be requested later?
hey just a question, the 12 v brick can wistand the 220 v  of european electric instalations? ps: just pledged for 2 big turtle shells and thanks to that this summer is gonna be off the hook
@link270 thanks! we'll put an update out on tech specs in the next day or two.
i agree with priam. it would be nice to have a video, or at least some detailed specks/comparisons, before the end of the week. that way you could get even more backers for this! i do appreciate the work you're doing in trying to get this to is by june, but i'm excited to see how it really performs and how amazing they do sound!  thanks!!
@priam and @john - thanks for the feedback guys - we really love how much time you've taken to improve our project with your feedback!  we're working on an update to send out with specs as that should give you a better idea of how the big turtle shell stacks up to the competition.  appreciate the patience on the video.
@priam +1
so where are the reviews regarding sound quality? all the press is just advertising and none of the portals from the home page had the speaker in hands. all just say that it should play loud regarding to what you state. so we will not see any video comparision before the ending of campaign? how is it compared to cambridge audio or bose soundlink. the retail price is just as high. i am more of an audiophile than sportsmen so that counts for me. you did not even once say if the speakers are 3w, 5w or maybe 20w? we do not know almost nothing technically speaking. the cables - i would rather have an normal usb to two (micro and mini)usb connector.
@priam - for the time being check out the reviews that we've received for sound quality.  we've been using a couple around the office and at events, and they sound amazing!  we're working on a video, but most likely won't be released for a couple of weeks in an update.  right now our priorities are delivering to backers in june, finalizing packaging, testing and certification.  not sure what you're looking for on the cables - shoot us a message to clarify if you could. thanks!
@peter - thanks for the feedback.  it won't be in v1, but i'll pass along to our product team. thanks!
@amar - thanks for clarifying for @nicholas.  that is correct.  once the project has completed we'll send out a survey for shipping address, etc...
@john - thanks! we can't wait to get our big turtle shell into your hands.  the video is on our list.  right now our priorities are ensuring that we're able to deliver to backers by june, as well as finalizing packaging, final testing, etc... in the meantime check out the reviews from the editors that have had a chance to use the big turtle shell firsthand. thanks for your patience!
oh, and could there be any option to get an normal usb-micro usb cable or even better an usb-micro+miniusb? i really do not need those apple connectors and they make tha cable bigger so i will not choose it instead of mine normal ones.
so when can we expect a video with sound comparision? what power output do the speakers have? i allready own a bt speaker made in metal and good sounding so i'd rather be sure that this is better.
what about a airplay stretch goal?
@nicholas  the charge will show up after the project closes.  usually can take a few days after, so i would expect around may 8th to the 11th for everything to clear.  in regards to mailing, typically the creator will send out surveys when they are closer to the ship date to get your current address.  i wouldn't expect to see those until late may or early june.  ot can clarify the timeline, but that is the general answer regarding your questions.
i posted my $150 dollar backing.  i am very excited to get this in my hands! i missed the first kickstarter campaign and i am sad i missed it because i bought the original turtle shell and the 2.0 for full price.  i have a question to outdoor tech.  when does it charge my card the $150.  amazon usually charges when it ships. is this going to be doing that? also amazon never asked me for my mailing address.  does the big turtle shell ship to the billing address?
will you have the option to add a turtle claw with pledges?
congrats on hitting 200k. i'm extremely exited to get my bts come june. i have been eagerly awaiting the promised video depicting the shell in action. could you please indicate to backers when that video will be posted since there is only 7 days remaining?
will the odt app be available when we receive our turtle shells?
@tristen and @britney - you'll have the option to add additional mounting straps at the end of the campaign when we send out our survey.  thanks!
can the straps be added to your current pledge??
can i just get some straps for them if we don't get 250k?
@Денис and @dave - thanks!  we're pumped!  the kickstarter community is amazing!  can't wait to get the big turtle shell into everyone's hands.
@nate - love it!  thanks for the support!
woohoo! 200k! congrats!
congrats guys. 200k is very cool!
had to add the extra $147.00 to hit $200,000! good job guys!
@tripp - we can't wait to get the big turtle shell into your hands!!  thanks for backing!
@joe - thanks for the support!  here's the info on stretch goals: stretch goal #1: $200k – free carrying case for all big turtle shell backers (if you’ve backed the double turtle shell reward you’ll get one for each) stretch goal #2: $300k – free additional calamari 3-in-1 charging cable for all backers that have pledged at the $10 level or above. for the calamari and international shipping go ahead and add the $40 to your pledge now and we'll ensure you're taken care of.
this looks awesome, i'm happy i donated. i want it now! :)
what are the stretch goals? i can't seem to find them. also for international shipping and a calamari cable should i add $40 to my pledge or will you ask for the extra money closer to the shipping date? looking forward to getting my turtle, cheers.
@tristen - the bag will be very similar to the turtle shell 2.0 bag,  but scaled up for the big turtle shell.  almost to stretch goal #1 - should get there in the next day or so!  sorry for the delay on the demo video - we'll send out an update as soon as it is ready to go.
@victor - thanks for backing our project, and for working on your friends for us!  can't wait to get the big turtle into your hands!
@jan - there shouldn't be any delay in shipping to our international backers.  june is looking realistic for all backers.  thanks!
@link270 - thanks for backing our project!  we're feeling pretty confident about june as a delivery date.  due to the support from the ks community, we've already placed our first production order on the big turtle shell®.
here's a random chart i found talking about the decibel output compared to normal life events. http://www.audiology.org/practice/resources/publishingimages/noisechart16x20.pdf so going off what is reported the turtle shell 2.0 can get as loud as a lawn mower while the big shell can get up to a live concert! pretty nifty chart for anyone who's curious.
any pictures of what the bag looks like? and any progress on the demo video?
im soo ready to start the summer with this!!!! this is the first project im trying to get friends to also back!
do you know if there will be any huge delay due shipping to europe? really looking forward getting this great speaker! greetings from germany
just backed $150. extremely excited for this product and hope we meet the $200,000 stretch goal for the bags! i've wanted a bluetooth speaker for a while and this looks like it'll be the one to have! (plus you get a great deal from the kickstarter campaign) quick questions, i'm sure it's already been addressed, is this still looking good to meet the estimated june delivery? and do you around what date they'd be delivered? thanks!
@jam - this isn't currently planned for a future big turtle shell version, but i'll pass along to our product team. thanks!
@david - definitely a possibility with the app we're developing.  i'll pass along to our team working on the app.
@michael - for the people that add $10 for the calamari 3-in-1 we'll include stickers and lanyard. thanks!
@Денис - the big turtle shell isn't threaded for the turtle claw bike mount like the turtle shell 2.0 is.  we've connected it to our bag, or placed it in a bike rack when we've rolled with it on our bikes.
any chance on adding wifi and dlna to the turtle shell so i can stream straight from the nas to it?
@jed and @matthew the big turtle shell has spent plenty of time on the beach in direct sunlight and heat, and we haven't had any issues - built to be outside and with you wherever you go. thanks!
i would like to know about leaving the speaker in direct sunlight (beach, boat, etc). what can i expect? thanks.
what do you guys think about having the ability to turning the device on and off from your phone or computer.
if we add 10$ along with our pledge, do we get a calamari cable with stickers and a lanyard too?
hi from russia how can i attach the device on my bike? p.s. can not wait to get the device)
i live in az and am curious if you guys have done any tests to see how the big turtle shell handles heat. it gets 115+ in the summer and this speaker is going to be pool side.
@james - the dimensions are: 11.0x6.0x3.5 inches. thanks!
@britney - thanks for the support and feedback on multiple colors!
@arjun - the big turtle shell® is definitely meant to be out in the elements and is rugged and durable.  we've dropped it from multiple angles from a couple of feet and haven't had any issues.  we do always recommend using a bit of common sense, and not abusing your speaker unnecessarily.
@vincent - could you specify for us?  power adapter, speaker power, etc...? thanks!
can't wait to get mine! what are the dimensions of it?
i know this has already been addressed but would also like to show my support for another color option. i just got the sea foam turtle shell! not only does it sound great but the color makes it good just sitting on my desk or clipped to my backpack. i know it won't happen but i think the electric blue or white from the turtle shell would work as an option for most people (or whatever your best seller is).
hi. is there any specific figure you can give on how shockproof the speaker is? thanks!
hi everybody. i would like to know what is the actual output power ( w ) of the big turtle shell?  thanks
@tristen - june is still looking realistic for a delivery date.  we should have a demo video out early next week.
@jonas - keep an eye out for a discount code after the campaign to get any accessories you might need.  thanks!
@roman - glad you're digging our big turtle shell!  unfortunately neither of our turtle shells are made to float.  the app will allow you to dual pair multiple odt products simultaneously including the turtle shell 2.0. thanks!
@les - thanks for checking in!  still working on our video showing functions and features - should have it out early next week.  thanks!
any idea when we will receive them and when the demo video will come out?
it's possible to get the bikeholder for the 2.0?
first off, kickass product! just in time for the beach weather. secondly, aside from these bad boys visibly resembling their reptilian counter-parts, do either of them have the capability to float? figured since they’re ipx5/6 compliant, they may have trapped a large enough pocket of air to be used as a floatation device to save a small cub. thirdly, you mentioned you’re going to try and develop an app that would enable the pairing of two big turtle shells simultaneously…is it safe to say that this app would also work with the dual pairing of a big turtle shell and a 2.0?
hi.  any progress with the demo video?
@drew if you add $10 to your pledge we'll add a calamari 3-in-1 charging cable to your reward. thanks!
@rjm the big turtle shell comes with a 14v brick charging cable.
i want to add the clamari 3-1, but the system isn't letting me. is there an easy way to add it to my account?
can't seem to find this anywhere, does it come with a charging plug?
just idea, we all should get extra free calamari 3 in 1 since you already make over 300% of your original goal :)
@amanda you can definitely add a calamari 3-in-1 to your pledge - just increase your pledge by $10 and you'll be good to go. thanks!
@nathan thanks for checking out our big turtle shell.  the main differences between our big turtle shell and the braven brv-1 are: omni directional sound as you mentioned, our big turtle shell is ipx6 rather than ipx5, 7800mah power vs. 1400mah, and a powerbank to charge your devices. the bass will sound cleaner in the big turtle shell as it's larger and won't move around at higher volumes like the turtle shell.
@jonathan on the big turtle shell we wanted to maximize sound volume and quality as well as battery power, so there won't be a waterproof compartment for your phone. thanks!
hi, would it be possible to purchase a calamari usb cable along with the $150 pledge? would be great!
besides the shape, how does this differ from the braven brv-1? the only difference i see is that product is omni-directional for sound. will this speaker have distortions from bass at high levels like the turtle shell did?
would it be possible to have a water proof compartment to put my phone in? if so that would be awesome
@kevin: nice! glad you're so stoked on the big turtle shell. we can't wait to get it in your hands!
@james halverson: the turtle shell 2.0 is included in the $225 reward, and you'll have the chance to choose your color in the survey we send out after the project is complete.  thanks for the support!
can i just tell you guys at outdoor tech that i am so pumped for this!! thanks for making an awesome product and an even awesomer one. backed! (and yes awesomer is definitely a word)
hi there, i was wondering if the "little turtle-shell" included in some of the rewards is a version 2.0? will there be an opportunity to choose a color for the little turtle shell?
hi cristian- thanks for the note and feedback on our project!  it's our mission to deliver you a rugged, durable, great looking, and great sounding speaker.  we know you'll be stoked with the big turtle shell.  we're working on a video that will walk through functionality, and will discuss sound quality, and possibly give a quick demo.  stay tuned - should be out later this week. thanks again!
hi britney- send us a note as well and we'll get you taken care of - thanks for backing our big turtle shell!  this wasn't a pledge level that we were planning on including.  thanks again!
hi peter and gloria- thanks for backing our project!  we really appreciate all the support.  shoot us a message and we'll be able to get you sorted out.   best, odt
hey ppl at outdoor tech.. i got to know this whole project today and backed it right away!.. seems like an awesome high quality  speaker for all purposes and quite related to extreme sports and their different kinds of weathers and potential damage.. but, you don´t really explain or talk much about the sound quality...  for instance, does it have bass boost, etc.  besides that, i loved the design, loved all of the features... it´s just that ´little big detail´about the sound quality, all in all, it´s a speaker and it´s main purpose is to deliver good quality sound.
actually 2 big and 1 small (had to re read your message lol)
wonder the same thing peter :)
is there any option to pledge for two big and two small turtle shells? or will addons be available in the survey?
hey andy, the big turtle shell will only draw power when it needs it. you will be able to tell when it's charging because a small red led will be illuminated. having the big turtle shell plugged in all the time should not degrade the battery at an accelerated rate. it would probably be a good idea to fully discharge the battery every once in a while, like once a month. that is kind of a "rule of thumb" for rechargeable batteries. thanks! - odt
hi priam- sorry you're disappointed with our stretch goals.  from the onset of the project we felt backers of our project would rather get the big turtle shell at a great discount, rather than include big stretch goals that could potentially lead to delays in development, production, and ultimately delivery. we've been blown away by the support we've received from the ks community - you've been great in voicing your thoughts and feedback.  this honest assessment is why we love launching new products using this platform. keep in mind, we are using a portion of these funds to develop our app to pair multiple odt products simultaneously, and this will be free for everyone to download once complete. to answer your question - the case will be a soft case similar to the turtle shell 2.0 case, but of course bigger. again, we appreciate the honest feedback, and thanks for the support.
my primary use for the big turtle shell is mounted outside in a semi-protected area and it will generally stay fixed in that position.  in this configuration it will be plugged in all the time.  do you foresee any problems keeping it plugged in all the time?  does it draw vampire power (outside of battery charging)?  will it degrade the batteries more quickly than not plugged in all the time? thanks, andy
i know that stretch goals are a free bonus that no one has to give away, but these are quite useless. everybody has a usb charger to his devices and i have no idea why anyone would use a cheaper replacement. and the carrying case? you have build a dust and water resistant speaker with handles and put it into a neoprene sleve that will make the carrying more difficult and will look like disaster after getting some dirt. but if you plan to give us a hard cover for the turtle that will protect it from getting smashed on a truck and will have a compartment for cables and tablet/phone. well that would be some usefull thing. so what will the case be like?
hi xander, one thing to add to ian's comment on the left right, the app that we are developing to connect them with out wires should have that feature, no connect in stereo or right channel left channel. we can't say for sure but that is certainly one of the goals of the app. thanks! caro
hi francisco- thanks for the note - this is an idea we've been kicking around, and we'll be sure to update you as the project progresses.  appreciate the support for both of our projects!
hi xander- if you're connecting the speakers together they won't play as a left and right speaker, unless you have an output that would split them.   thanks!
hey jesse- thanks for the support!  we're stoked to be able to offer some stretch rewards!
any chance you are throwing something extra for people who backed the original turtle, and also backed this? a "loyalist" reward? will there be any program in place for kickstarters to send in their v.1 turtle and "upgrade" to v2?
curious , if i buy 2 can i make them play in stereo ( left and right speaker )
curious , if i buy 2 can i make them play in stereo ( left and right speaker )
hell yes!!! new stretch goals are out. 200k and we all get carrying cases! come on people,  share, pass the word, let's get them to that goal, it's a win win
thanks for all the great input on stretch goals!  tomorrow we'll introduce our stretch goals, and a carrying case will be one of the goals.  look for an update tomorrow mid-morning.
i third a stretch goal for carrying case
as justin mentioned, stretch goal for a carrying case?
the quality of the sound is very similar to that of the turtle shell 2.0 (this is our upgraded speaker from the original turtle shell that has a little bigger bass and aptx compatibility) but of course substantially louder than the smaller turtle shell. the other big change in audio is not only the volume but also the ability to output the sound in two ways, lying flat with the 360 degree sound and upright with the directional sound. we're working on a video that will display the big turtle shell's functionality as well as a sound demo.  should be sending out later this week! thanks for the recommendations and support!
i am a backer and have recently discovered your products and began to research your original turtle shell 2.0 for a baseline comparison to other products on the market.the design and rugged feature set are "next level" however sound quality seems "ok". along with others, i would like to see a demo of the product in action along with a comparison of other units if possible. also, any consideration of providing a carrying case/bag with the product.
hi andrew- if you added an additional $10 to your big turtle pledge you'll receive a calamari 3-in-1 charging cable as well. thanks for the support!
hey creator, if we pledged for the bug turtle shell will we receive a kalimari charge cable included with the big turtle shell since we pledged $10 and more. or is that seperate form what we pledged?
hi kevin, we are using 3 2600 mah battery cores for a total of 7800 mah, the same battery that is in the turtle shell 2.0 (the updated version of the original turtle shell). it's not a name brand battery, it is a high quality lith-ion cell however that we have vetted and used in a lot of units for the past year.  the battery is covered under the warranty which is a 12 month from the date of purchase (in the case of kickstarter date of shipment) warranty for any defects. we will either fix or replace the unit and our customer service team is awesome, that is something i take a great deal of pride in and something we have excelled at. we want our customers, no matter where they bought the products to be stoked for life on outdoor tech. thanks, caro
hi branden, june is a safe estimate for the current backer rewards, we may add some new rewards with later delivery dates when these are all gone. thanks! caro
hi kyle, the quality of the sound is very similar to that of the turtle shell 2.0 (this was the upgraded speaker from the original turtle shell that had a little bigger bass and aptx) but of course substantially louder than the smaller turtle shell. the other big change in audio is not only the volume but also the ability to output the sound in two ways, lying flat with the 360 degree sound and upright with the directional sound. thanks for the support, we are confident you will be into the big turtle shell. best, caro
when could i assume a safe estimate of delivery for the big turtle shell?
@creator, does the comment that the  "battery isn't replaceable" mean "ever" or just under normal operation?  can you tell us what model battery you've chosen to go with so we can see the full specs on it and get a better idea on how long the big turtle is expected to last? what will the warrant on the big turtle be?
how does the sound quality of this compare with the smaller turtle?? i have the small one and i can vouch for that one. while its not the clear sound that would come out of a bose unit you have to be realistic and understand what your buying. a portable, bluetooth enabled speaker these two factors mean that the people want the absolute best would not be happy with the quality. but if you want something you aren't afraid to bring outside and listen to some good music this is perfect.
hi steven- this was an earlier idea that we had considered, but v1 won't include a threaded socket.  thanks!
hi mike- thanks for the feedback and ideas on micro-usb.  the battery is rechargeable, and won't be replaceable.  thanks!
as far as sound quality - we're working on a demo video that will be out next week, so everyone can see the functionality of the big turtle shell, as well as get an idea of how far we've come, and how it sounds!  thanks for the support!
hi ben1680- this won't be an option on v1, but something we'll keep in mind going forward. thanks!
hi priam- as far as dust or sand getting into the speaker - if that happens it's very easy to rinse out or shake out.  thanks!
@creator i noticed on the original drawing or looked like it had to threaded sockets like to attach to a camera tripod. was wondering if that was still a plan
also, will the battery be replaceable?
this would be great if it used a micro-usb just like my phone. turn it one way charge my phone. turn it the other way and plug it into the wall and charge
i have already backed but i curious of sound quality what will that be like?
@creator thanks for your reply. is it means you will consider usb charging, maybe as a stretch goal?  please advise, so i can make a final decision on this.
i'm curious about sound quality as well. any chance together a demo video or have some samples from the smaller version?
i know it is ipx6 and will not be damaged by water and dust. my question was about the holes. or are there no holes and it just looks so? assuming from the photos sand could fall into the speaker. is this possible?  second question is: how is the sound quality? not the power and not 'crystal clear' because everybody states so, always. how is it compared to other top speakers like jbl charge, audio dynamix v2, bose soundlink? what speakers are in the turtle? how many, how big, how powerfull? technically speaking.
hi priam- the big turtle shell comes standard with ipx6 water and dust/solid particle protection, meaning it’s protected “powerful water jets” and is dust-tight. thanks!
hi jason- this was an original design idea that turned out to not be feasible for a couple of reasons.  we felt it was more important to maximize power capability and sound quality. thanks!
hi ben- thanks for the input on charging capability.  appreciate it!
i'd like to know what happens with all the dirt, water and small stones that get through the small holes into the turtle? is there a space on the bottom where it will fall out, or will it stay laying on the speakers?
i just noticed that in the initial rendering pictures it calls out a hinged cover on the bottom of the unit for cable/power adpater storage, but it is not mentioned anywhere else. will the units have this storage area in the bottom, or was that an original design idea that turned out not to be feasible?
+1 to kevin comment, please enable charging via usb instead of round connector. some usb adapter are capable of supplying 2.1amp anyway, so charge time should't be that long. another benefits with the above approach is that you can supply 2.1amp usb adaptor instead of proprietary power brick. it will potentially be cheaper for you to produce, and compatible to most of the mobile phone out there.
bleachone - to keep the fulfillment process straightforward we're just able to do the 3-in-1 calamari charging cable with that reward.
kevin- the handles are a part of the main housing unit mold, and aren't attached by a different method.  thanks!
can i get a bike clamp then, instead of a usb cable with my 225 pledge
hi bleachone - the turtle shell 2.0 is threaded for the turtle bike claw mount. thanks!
is the small turtle shell threaded for a mount??
@creator, does it happen to have any reinforced holes for carabiners or hooks? are the handles reinforced?
@creator, well if you're thinking of stretch goals - having the ability to charge or run the device via usb would be greatly appreciated even if it would take much longer to charge.  it just opens up so many additional ways to run a device without having to lug around a proprietary plug/brick.
hi jorge and james -  thanks for the support and kind words!  glad you guys love the big turtle shell. the big turtle shell uses a 14v brick power supply.
hi jason- thanks for backing our project! definitely keep your eye out for a stretch goal or two in the next few days.
hi bleachone- the big turtle shell isn't threaded for the turtle bike claw mount.
hi kevin- thanks for the questions.  the big turtle shell uses a 14v brick power supply.  as for weight - 1000g/2.2 lbs.  appreciate the support!
i'd also like to know if the big turtle shell can be charged by usb?  i'm building a compact solar party station which uses the smaller 1st gen turtle shell already. that might be a fantastic stretch goal if not. looks like another great product! i've used the heck out of my og turtle shell!
congratulations on reaching your goal in less than 24 hrs! do you have dimensions and weight specs for the device? also, what is required to charge it? will usb be enough or it needs a power brick? looking forward to the release in june!
any chance of some stretch goals, seeing as the 40k goal was met in only 24 hours?
can i get a turtle claw bike mount instead of the 3-1 usb cable with my 225$ pledge?
go big or go home, looking forward to the big turtle!
kristin- currently we're just offering the big turtle shell in black, but we are hoping to add more colors in the future.  thanks for backing our project!
erik- the big turtle shell is just currently being offered in black - hopefully we'll be able to add more colors in the future!  you'll have the option to pick a color on the turtle shell 2.0.  thanks!
@creator how does this perform performance wise compared to the bose sound link 3?
also, how heavy is it expected to be?  and does it happen to have any reinforced holes for carabiners or hooks?  are the handles reforced?
will it require a 14v brick power supply to charge it or can it also be charged/played via a standard usb connector enabling charging options like solar or extra portable usb batteries when on an extended camping trip?
i love my little turtle shell, i also really love it's lime green color, any chance that color will be an option again?
is there anyway that i could get the stickers and everything else with the new turtle shell?
hi ot, the color of the speakers can be choose in the big one and the 2.0, i backer the $225. one, or its gonna be a standar color for all the ways? and if i can add some accesorie later?
francisco, yes! the big turtle shell has 3.5mm input and output ports. so you can daisy chain them. we are also using some of the funds from kickstarter to create an app that allows the use of multiple big turtle shell's, wirelessly. thanks for the support!
i've love our turtle (mini size). more water and wine and beer has hit it than you can imagine, and it keeps working. it's the best kickstarter we have ever backed. and we are doing so again. keep up the great work.
will it be daisy-chainable? please make it it be, by adding an 3.5mm output! i really want to have my little turtle in the front of my bike, connected to this big guy in my bikes back rack. or imagine being at the beach and having a few of this guys plugged together!
jason,  you can charge and play at the same time - great question! best- odt
robert, aptx audio codec is included with the big turtle shell, agree the sound is much better than a2dp. thanks for your support and let us know if there are any other questions you have for us. best, caro
any direct connection to said audio device supported? say, if i wanted to charge it and play via charging cable vs bluetooth (as bluetooth would be less efficient in terms of power draw if i wanted to play and charge at the same time)
will you incorporate the apt-x codec?  the sound quality is much better than a2dp.
hey charlie - it sounds fantastic and it's louder than a bear's roar!
what is the sound quality like? how loud is it, does it sound good?
hi matt- we'll be sending out everything together once the big turtle shell is ready to ship out.  thanks for your support!
@ creator, if i get the 225 reward would the smaller turtle ship after the kickstarter is over as it is already in production?  or would i have to wait for everything to ship? thanks
