hey everyone, i have 3 tickets for sunday 1/17/16 for the stanley hotel show that i'm unable to attend, if anyone is interested, please message me !
i hadn't actually looked at the track list for the covers album yet, and, holy crap there are some sweet songs on there.
maybe i'm missing something, but how do backers take advantage of the free download? clicked the link, but doesn't seem to have any option other than paid.
alright so as a cover backer, do i still get the physical cd as written in the reward description? just curious because my email didn't specify.
sooo...as soon as you posted about the combo i blacked out and apparently ordered it lol. was totally wondering if we get digital downloads for both lps upon delivery even if we used the ks code at checkout?
any chance of a cd version of as you wish vol. 2? still lots of people buying cds, as evidenced by this very kickstarter :)
yeah... can we get an update on the covers album? :) at least a track listing or something? haha
when can we expect a release of the next covers album?  by christmas perhaps?  i have a couple friends i'd like to buy one for.
are the covers released yet?
anyone who hasn't gotten their stuff can send us a direct message to to kickstarter and we will get back to you. this comments section is not really for shipping related issues. some copies were lost in the mail, some people gave us old addresses, some people never actually paid, there's a lot of different reasons why you may have not gotten your order- tho 6000 packages went out. at this point, if you have reached out to us, we have sorted it out. so please direct message us at kickstarter or email mbdband@gmail.com if you have any problems and we will be happy to help.
has anyone in australia had theirs turn up yet?
never received my poster art book. who can i contact?
the records look and sound amazing!
anyone else still waiting on stuff?
yeah, i never received my shipment either here in fl either.  who can i contact to see where my shipment is?  thanks.
still waiting in ohio. they got my money i got nothin.
hello we received most everything and it looks great.  we did an add on for the album t-shirt but it didn't seem to come.  who should i e-mail to straighten this out? thanks!
i hate to be that guy but i was severely let down with big dark love.  it's just seem like its missing something and somewhat uninspired.  with that said, i still appreciate all the great music you guys have giving us over the years.  can't wait to see you guys on tour!
so, went to check "where my lp and book?" and when i logged in to kickstarter, turns out they need me to confirm my address (which was already there)  plus, turns out they can't email to "@comcast.net" accounts? hope that helps anyone still looking for thier stuff
were the b-sides emailed out? because i never saw them.
calvin poe, i'm still waiting too. maybe the cp names got sorted to the back. :d
my package to czech republic has arrived in one piece. had to pay the customs duty, but what can you do... anyways. thank you guys. you are awesome. and i am happy like a kid on christmas.
am i the only one still waiting on their record?
just received mine today in arizona... well worth the wait, had a few items i wasn't expecting, a pleasant surprise...
when can i reasonably expect the album to arrive in germany? have other german backers received theirs yet?
hey i was wondering if you guys had tracking information for your packages i still have yet to receive mine
@ josh my package arrived yesterday and included a sticker. approx 3x3" gold foil with a reaper line drawing. check that it hasn't slipped inside something else. great quality merchandise as usual but the book is phenomenal! big, thick and packed with artwork. excellent job all around guys.
i got mine yesterday (in mo), and i even submitted my address a little late. looks great, sounds great. worth the funding. thanks mbd! i was under the impression we were getting a sticker for the stretch goal? did i read that wrong?
imagine the patience and fortitude required to box a mountain of thousands of items by hand in a matter of a few weeks... i'd probably lose my mind & don't blame them if they kinda did as well... the way i see it, i'm totally willing to wait a little for exclusive items handled by the band themselves :)
> oh also the download code for the album only goes out to people who didn't buy a physical product!  if you bought vinyl it comes in the vinyl. yep, just got everything today!  the digital download code was hiding in the sleeve too!  :)
just picked up my order from customs in germany and now listening to the album – it's great, thanks!
@ joseph according to your profile you have never backed any other ks projects before, let alone the previous mbd. so how do you know what is acceptable or not or that last time it was or was not a "mess?" my poster had arrived, but my package has not. considering adam and the band sent me multiple postcards, books, dvds and rewards regularly during the last ks i'm not throwing a tantrum because one box out of 3000 is late. the band has shipped all the products on schedule, sent out the downloads and messaged their fans. compare that to other ks projects that shipped year(s) late, never hit production, ignore most messages, screw up orders, deliver half-finished products or never even ship anything. your definition of a "mess" doesn't even come close to reality. for bdbm the items were sent in exactly the same way. no tracking. the reason there was never a "mess" is because this one and the last one were handled the same way. assembled, packed and dispatched by hand.  the only difference this time is the shorter turnaround because the band wanted to get everything out of the door before the tour. since tours and album release dates have to be arranged well in advance i guess they could have skipped running a ks as they said they were originally going to, then they wouldn't have been forced to try and get all the orders finished over the holiday period and you would be waiting for nothing because all the extra stuff wouldn't exist. so feel free to ask for a refund because you have zero patience or respect for the band you supposedly support. the other 3,000 will probably just wait either for a package to arrive or that the immense amount of goodwill and trust the band has earned and demonstrated means they will rectify any mistakes that occur, or at the least earn them enough patience from their fans to give them the chance.
never mind, i just found the email. i do have another question. it says six b-sides/demos, but there's only five? also, i backed the 2012 kickstarter for bitter drink, bitter moon. where/how do i download the three bonus tracks? thanks again!
sooo... imay have deleted (ok, i did) delete the zip file that contained the b-sides and demos after i extracted the album. i then emptied my recycle bin. i'm just wondering if anyone can email me (drop box/google drive/etc) just those tracks. i'd greatly appreciate it. i did send mbd a message on here, but i don't know if/when they'll respond. thank you!
seriously.
dude. shit happens.  just be happy that mbd cares enough about their fans to even do a kickstarter.
um, wow.
two and a-half weeks and still nothing to eastern pennsylvania.  this really is an unacceptable situation the band has created in that a crowdfunding campaign such as this should be reciprocal appreciation and loyalty between a band and their fans.  and i hope that murder by death understands that they have let a lot of their fans down on this campaign.  many fans continue to wait for products on which they should have had "first dibs" by virtue of their contributions here.  for my own part, i am leaving the country tomorrow to work abroad for at least a year, which means i will not to get to even touch my records for quite some time. i want the other backers to know that, while filing a claim for a refund would be premature at this point, as we made our contributions via amazon payments, our purchases are guaranteed through amazon.  in other words, for those who never receive their items, at least know that it should be easy to get your money back. i do not remember such a mess for the "bitter drink, bitter moon" kickstarter campaign; and i hope murder by death takes some lessons away from this debacle for future requests of fan loyalty: 1.  stagger the shipment of items.  with any kickstarter or pledge music campaign i have contributed to, i receive several e-mails about the stages of shipping (i.e. "today we shipped all the t-shirts" or "we just shipped all the cds").  do not simply show up to the local post office with a u-haul truck full of 5500 parcels; it should reasonably be expected that this will overwhelm them.  and it is presumptuous to assume that the fans who nearly doubled your original campaign goal will "just have to wait." 2.  tracking numbers.  i am saying this both for the band's security as well as for contributors' peace of mind as i find the reliability of the post office deteriorating gradually (i really believe that, some time in the near future, we will see a major scandal with the post office involving missing parcels and significant delays).  the sheer volume of packages should not serve as an excuse.  people who make their living selling items on ebay or other similar forums frequently print out shipping labels via paypal, stamps.com or some other similar service.  the labels automatically include a tracking number; and the service sends an e-mail to the recipient with that tracking number. 3.  do not go on tour immediately following the shipment of pledge rewards and leave your buddy, who has no power to adequately address problems, to monitor the mounting complaints. that's it.  now you can sarcastically respond to me, "thanks, dad."
i just fetched my order to the post office. i believe i might be the only one in iceland who was expecting a package from you guys. spotify has sated my hunger for the album since tuesday and i've probably listened to it three or four times through already. thanks so much and have fun on tour.
my stuff came today in florida. everything looks great!
i purchased one of the cave shows as my reward level and selected the album digital download as an add on and have not yet received the download code. i know you have said the codes only go to those who did not buy a physical product, but i wasn't sure if the cave shows qualified as that.
oh also the download code for the album only goes out to people who didn't buy a physical product! if you bought vinyl it comes in the vinyl.
hello folks, i've responded to your individual messages but since i just noticed people started posting here, here is some info: sorry there's no tracking. (there's over 5500 packages), but we did fill all your orders! our apologies for the delay, the post office was completely overwhelmed by the amount of packages and said it will take them longer to get to than they hoped- nothing we can do about it but wait! arrival date was aimed for release late of feb 3, but they rushed out certain orders, and others will take another week to get there. again, apologies for the delay but we dropped everything off jan 21st, and it just takes a lot of time for them to get to it all! lastly, again, posters were shipped separately in a tube, so if you haven't gotten a poster or only got a poster, hang in there.
i have not received anything i ordered in the mail yet. i live in ohio. i'm actually glad i'm not the only one who hasn't gotten their cd, i was so worried my package got lost in the mail. i'm just assuming the usps is just sending the packages out little by little. they have no reason to rush them. but hopefully it will arrive soon :)
i have received all of the physical items, along with the b-side download code.  the album download code hasn't been emailed to me yet.
i have received the poster, the b-side email and nothing else, i live in new york.
i have received the b-side email, my poster, and nothing else.
i haven't received anything in new york either. i figure it comes down to the amount they shipped and bad weather.
i haven't received anything i ordered, new york.
i have not received my lp yet.  as they were shipped on 1/24, i'm worried that it may be lost in the mail.  a week and a half to get to illinois seems like a long time.
came here to see if i was an odd man out but it appears i'm not the only one that has only gotten the b-side download and not the album.
i'm also in the boat where i've received a code for the b-sides downloads, but not the album.
how is it that people in austria have started to get their orders already when we haven't seen em in florida yet?
piggybacking on what guðjón jósef baldursson said, i noticed the email for the b-sides/demos said 6 tracks, but i only saw 5 when i downloaded them?
i received a download code for the b-sides, but not for the album itself. also still haven't received the physical copy of the record yet.
got my album download but no b-sides?
have all the digital download codes for the album gone out? i ordered mine as an add-on (primary reward was the cave tickets) and still haven't received.
still no rest of my stuff, but i'm enjoying the b-sides/demos!
i just got a link to download the b-sides and demos and i think i might've noticed a mistake, in the e-mail you say 6 songs but the download only includes 5. i'm not taking it too seriously since what i really wanted is in the mail and i'm just happy to take part. regarding the christmas songs: thanks michael seymour, must have missed the contents of that e-mail back then, but got it now.
i got my poster last night. hoping for the rest today.
nothing yet in michigan - i ordered the poster book/vinyl combination. i'm trying not to get nervous, but today is release day and it kills me not to be listening to it yet. do all the pledgers receive downloads? i haven't see anything in my in-basket...patience...
nothing as of yet, although we are in massachusetts and have gotten hit by about 4 feet of snow in the past week.
records and poster art book arrived to austria today. beautiful stuff, as always. i'm a bit miffed at the involved postmen and -women, though as it seems the package has been bumped around quite a bit, as most of its contents testify.
hey how do i get the digital download as i'm in the uk and not got my cd yet :(
i also got the email from drew at raven house ltd, and took a chance on the download.  now i'm three songs into the album and loving every second so far.  more amazing work!
just got an email from "drew" at raven house ltd with a download link for the album. is this the actual album? just want to make sure i'm not downloading malware!
got my package today - everything except the cd version, are those coming separate or did it just get missed in the mass packing of everything?
i'm also waiting for mine; and i'm getting a bit nervous as i'm going abroad for work at the end of the week.
still waiting for the album.... anybody else?
got my package on the 24th, still no poster. out of luck?
bdl is fantastical!  i got everything besides the poster and whiskey crew shirt.  i assume that both of those are coming later.
album sounds ace :-) came this morning.
cool, thanks.
i think they said 18x24 at some point.
hey everybody, random question: the poster arrived yesterday, and i don't want to take it out of the tube until i go buy a frame for it, but i don't see the dimensions listed anywhere. anybody know off hand what size the poster is? 24x36?
that makes sense. i had a car broken into recently so i'm a little spooked about packages being taken from my front porch. i'm in florida for whatever that's worth.
@joshuacundiff and micahstockam the packages went out less than a week ago. and they've had to send so many of them. they said in their last update that it might take some time. there's no reason to panic.
yeah @joshua cundiff i was wondering the same thing.  i live in georgia and haven't got it yet.
at what point should we worry if we haven't gotten our packages?
there was mention of free tickets to pledges over 1000. as one who had pledged for a cover song, i was wondering about the details of this. i'd buy a ticket in a heartbeat if you guys weren't playing on my wife's due date (march 4th). but given how due dates aren't exact, the chance of seeing you guys without wasting a ticket should i not be able too is something that made me happy when yous announced this. thanks in advance.
@brian hopkins - someone on their fb page said that they got theirs on monday, i believe. the said they lived in michigan. @guðjón jósef baldursson - the link for the christmas songs was emailed out on december 11th and the digital copies of the album will be in your package.
i received my copy of framed but no record. i am assuming it is coming in a separate package?
the mbd/samantha crain split 7" digital download card which was in the vinyl slipcase doesn't work.  when i enter the code at dropcards.com i get this message: "this artist has not uploaded media for this card yet. please check back soon." is this an error, or will the info be uploaded on a specific date?
i thought so too. ct.
travis, you already received yours!?! where do you live? that seems really quick!
just received and opened mine. it was like xmas morning when i was a kid. thank you and it was a pleasure to help support this release. what's with the free ticket to a show that has already passed?
what a wonderful achievement - make music, raise money, stuff boxes.  very well done to all involved.  i can't wait for my package to arrive in london, england and then to catch a gig when next you are in europe.  grateful thanks.  john
one thing i never heard back about were the free tickets to backers over a certain amount. how and when do we get those?
i'm really looking forward to a delivery sitting on my porch soon!
i was wondering about the stretch goals. according to the stretch goal you reached every backer gets digital downloads of the b-sides, covers and christmas songs. have those been given out yet or not?
i saw some people saying they received the link for the christmas music, but i never ended up getting one :( got the kickstarter e-mails and backer survey e-mail, but nothing else, not even in the spam folders. any ideas?
marilana. sorry yes! gotta wait- those are the rules in a digital leak era. patience is a virtue, right?
when do i get my digital download of the new album? do i really have to wait until february? pardon my eagerness!
i got an email asking me to complete the survey, but i still haven't gotten the survey - checked my spam folder and can't find it.
i received an email saying i need to complete the backer survey or i wont get my stuff. how do i do this/ how do i know if i have already done it.
@rjl_ did you get a new e-mail asking for the shirt size or was it the questionnaire from a few weeks ago? i didn't get the new e-mail, that's why i'm asking.
is there a size chart for the t-shirts? i entered "small" in the backer questionnaire, but am wondering if a medium would be better.
is the standard backer's t-shirt the one with the bearded dude that got shot in the face, probably during battle or maybe because he was having an affair with a married woman, and then has all his skin rot off after years of decay?  if not, is it too late to add it as an extra?
i think i might have deleted the email for the xmas songs thinking it was junk mail. any chance i can get it re-sent.  thanks
good job on the new stuff the single is great! good job on the christmas songs now we just need a full album of them!
nick 18x24. everyone asking about xmas songs- you were emailed links to dl xmas songs yesterday (thursday)! if you use gmail, check your promotions folder.
* bandcamp, not soundcloud. ks really needs an edit function.
i received an email from mbd with a link and promo code for soundcloud, so if you haven't got your festive tunes by now check your inboxes.
i second this question: are we going to get a link to the christmas songs for backers?
are we going to get a link to the christmas songs for backers?  i got a link from bandcamp where it's $2...
what are the dimensions of the poster?
did i happen to miss something about the christmas songs?
shirts are standard (nonfitted) women's tees. next level, i believe!
shirts are standard (nonfitted) women's tees. next level, i believe!
i'd like to know about the women's sizes as well. trying decide if i need a men's small or women's medium.
i apologize if i've missed it somewhere in the comments, but just in case: the women's shirts, are they normal or fitted? thanks! congrats!
i funded this projects as a birthday gift to myself, and i'd say it was money very well spent. i can't wait 'til my loot gets here and i look forward to seeing mbd again in st paul!!  --and keep doing kickstarters so i can continue throwing my money at you from the comfort of my own couch.
thanks all! you're the best. see ya on the road. now to start filling all these boxes...
great! listening forward to it.
so excited for this.. hoping like crazy that you will come to uk next year... latitude again maybe.. was where i found you....
yes you did!!! great! i wait a show in italy!!
a great band with great fans. keep the good work guys.
so when do we get the christmas songs?
amazings you did it!   please come back to the uk :)
so pumped for this album as are my clients who always get a good dose of mbd while getting worked on. congrats mbd!!! shows just how amazing of a band you are.
oh yeah!! going to kentucky!! 34 hours of driving!! shall be the best trip ever!!
he'll yeah... can't wait for the new album and the charlottesville date!
hells yeah! our 3 year old is totally psyched for this album (not to mention mama and papa)!
do we get the christmas songs now?
@kevin you will be asked what extras you pledged for in the survey.
added $15 to add the cd to my original $100 pledge (cavern tickets), but didn't see anywhere to indicate that's what i wanted that extra $15 for.
we got the christmas songs! yes!
it's done!
love this band and you backers are freakin' awesome. thanks to everyone who helped push it over $275k. so much music on top of the album. sweet leapin' jesus.
wow, look at this last minute surge!
just upped my pledge! couldn’t resist. huzzah!
you did it!!!!
i don't usually do this but i saw you were close and decided to help push you over.
your band is what makes music so special. i know we all feel it. and we're all in this together. we can get far together. mbdforever ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
vvv your 4-year-old is the coolest child ever! vvv
good luck! i love you guys so much, and have for a long time! i have a hard time coming to shows now because i have two kids. however, my four year old sings lost river and the curse of elkhart. well get him doing along with a few more soon! keep it up! love you guys!
so stoked to back another mbd album. love your music so very much. and hey, what about considering madison for that tba date below? the high noon saloon is my very favorite place to see you guys. looking forward to hearing the new record. take care! thu/ may- 28 milwaukee, wi turner hall fri/ may- 29 st paul, mn turf club sat/ may 30- tba sun/ may- 31 chicago, il subterranean
thanx for making more music all of you, keep it together & maintain this run your on. quality, unique & sooo good! chaos reign but it's nice to have so more music to look forward to. some ideas for covers: botch "vietmam""swimming the channel...", firewater "bad, bad world", the ol irish song "johnny i hardly knew ya"  take care & we'll see you around
do you know how to get fire from ice?
brian - we are giving digital dls to previous backers and also hit me with a direct message if you have any requests
is there a special gift for people who are whiskey crew backers from the 2012 kickstarter?
nevermind.  reading helps.  :)  how bout the t-shirt then?  really i'm just trying to find ways to give you more money.
does the superfuntime level come with a kickstarter shirt or poster?  if not, can i add and how much?
*reverse
cheers, adam. could we basically add anything from your merch store? just tack on the difference and say what we want? like that reserve stanley hotel tee?
my wife and i both have pledges, can we swap one of the vinyls for a t-shirt possibly?
i have a question. will "framed" be offered for sell later or is this my only chance to buy it?
adam, i love the beer / coffee combo. lookin' good my man.
so proud to be a backer! ruv you guys and can't wait to see you on your upcoming tour!! :d :d :d
kevin gralak- just add $65 to your existing pledge!
what beer you snifting on?  goose island bourbon county?  def is a darky...
stab your eyes mbd! you forced me to up my pledge! bah! now i'll have to iron your patch to some article if clothing? how many more hoops must be jumped through to curry your favor??? *sigh* totally happy to have increased my pledge, and really happy to see this becoming a reality! ps, i noticed that you mentioned that if we wore the patch at a show we would get bonus goodies, however i don't think i'll have the patch by january 30th when you are in town at the croc in seattle. is there any other way we can acquire your love and affection in lieu of our clothing modification?
pumped about this album. i went with the $250 bundle. the cedar point one was so tempting but living less than two hours away kinda changes things. i hope someone picks it up. by far the best coasters in the world!
awesome! thank you!!!!
already got tickets to the l-vile show a tshirt & cd, are you doing just the art book as a pledge? i see it with the vinyl.
christian- no you'll be fine! jessica- no i am also entering previous backers in the raffle!
hey guys, i got 2 tickets for saturday cave show, but wanted to make sure it was all set. i couldn't buy them together as a set cause they sold out too quickly, so i ended up using my same credit card and was able to get another single saturday ticket using a different email of mine and setting up another kickstarter acct.will that cause any problems when the campaign ends?
really excited for the the new album! saw you guys for the first time in athens back in october after missing every previous show in ga because of various unfortunate circumstances. certainly worth the wait, though! i wish i had enough income for the cover song reward, i'd love to hear you guys cover rose in paradise or honky tonk heroes by waylon jennings.
hi! i increased my pledge again yesterday. would i have to do it again today to be in the running for the handwritten lyrics??
i hope no one asks for a lame cover song this time... haven't settled on mine yet, but it'll definitely be non-lame! (of course i'd think that though lol)
so excited for the new album! saw you at the lucero show in kc hope to see you guys in the area again soon!
less than 24 hours to go! i'm so excited for this! time for the final push.. i'm sure my friends are sick of seeing all my posts about it, but i don't care!
235k heck yes!
ryan- it's supposed to be for one person, but occasionally depending on the show we can get two people in. we just don't want to promise it.
so, the golden ticket, just one ticket for whatever shows we want, or could i bring my wife?
caitlin it already comes with the slipmat!
is there a way to add some extra funds for the slipmat to, say, $101+ pledge levels? thanks!
so excited to be apart of this kickstarter!! i pledged to be in the whiskey crew, and added $20 for a kickstarter t-shirt. just wanted to know if i could also add $20 for another whiskey crew t-shirt, so my husband and i could both have one.
well yes, i live in croatia and i'm a bit afraid it won't get here in time. :/
jesse- you can just add on the extra dollar amount for the second package to your pledge, and specify what the extra money is for in the backer survey you will get when the kickstarter is done.
*select not collect. thanks
hi, i want to add a second package as a gift but i can't seem to collect multiple packages. can this be done?
gabby- no all vinyl comes with digital dl!
i just changed my pledge from the $30 to $49, do i get a digital download of the album as well? i just am not sure if i need to tack on some extra for that or if it comes with it. thanks!
yes meghan
ok, so i'm going to see the show in a cave, i've tacked on  the dollars for a shirt and se vinyl, is the kickstarter poster only available starting at the whiskey level?
leona- there were hundreds of requests so we didnt email back. did you have a question? they ship.after the kickstarter has been funded. theyll go out dec 13
ali yes- just add on the extra $20 and we will add a shirt. then you can specify in the backer survey that you'll get dec 6 that's what the extra dough is for.
i got no feedback from you guys about the holiday postcard, so i'm just wondering when will it be sent? :)
i got the kickstarter for the special edition vinyl and tee shirt. is there any way to add an extra tee shirt for an extra fee?
i was wondering if it was possible to pledge twice for two different items. i pledged for tickets, but i really want to be part of the whiskey crew too.
just 13 cover songs? just think, everyone, tax return is right around the corner =].
alexis, yes you can tack it on for $65 (including shipping)
alexis, yes you can tack it on for $65 (including shipping)
is there any way to just get the framed book all on its own or a way to tack it on to my pledge?? i want it!
matt- it will be new and only avail to the funtime club.  jessica- don't you worry! we will post once funds are transferred in a couple weeks. jeff- just let the merch guy know. and that would be fun.
also i think you doing a cover of "don't you forget about me"  by simple minds would be amazing!
i'm seeing your show on new years eve in denver. will there be anything special for kickstarter pledges? if so how do i prove i am one?
pledge made. don't forget to match it for your charity!
question about the 'special rare 7"' in the super funtime club perk is it something new, or is it an older 7 inch that went out of print? or is it a super awesome surprise? i'm down either way!
i just want to say that i loved that predator truck when i was a kid and seeing it all over those covers makes me laugh (and jealous). how does one secure one of those anyway? and scrap the idea i was teasing. i was thinking of eyes on me by faye wong from final fantasy viii.
matt- that's an incredible song
if i had 1,200 bucks, i'd have you guys and gal cover mazzy star's fade into you. i can't hear that song without hearing you guys.
obscure is cool.
well i don't want to spoil it and i may change my mind but i hope yous don't mind something a bit obscure here in na but popular abroad (once upon a time).
gabby- we are sending postcards for those who are buying as gifts. making a post about it tommorow!  travis- personally we think its cool when people sing the opposite gender's line, but happy to also edit a little bit. what song?
so say a song is from a female's perspective because of one little line/word, would you folks be opposed to changing the line/word to make sense from a male's perspective for the cover songs?
hey i'm getting this for my boyfriends christmas present and i was wondering if you had anything i can give him to show him that i purchased this? like something that i can physically give him. thanks!!
@ eric - it doesn't come with the kickstarter shirt. i added an additional 20$ to my whiskey pledge so that i can get it too.
really glad i found this ks before it completed. does the $150 whiskey crew pledge come with a kickstarter shirt and a whiskey crew shirt? or do i need to order the kickstarter shirt separately?
can't wait to hear the finished product. this is the best kick starter ever!!!!
tiffeny and rachel, you can basically order whatever you want by pledging any amount in any category, because.the backer survey will show up dec 6 when the ks is done and you can specify what your special order is. if you just want certain items there is a basic price list you can refer to
can you order just t shirts
many thanks for releasing the next 7" in the series. i've been waiting for that for years :) i'm glad you make the music that you do. it's inspiring.
have you guys thought about releasing limited luxury merchandise? a mbd whiskey glass set, or cufflinks. things that jive with your general aesthetic but you wouldn't normally sale. maybe also add pledge rewards where vinyl is not attached to them. there is some neat things out there but they all come with vinyl...
tim, just tack on the extra amount of the item you want. in this case, its the cd ($15) tacked on to the $30 se vinyl. so just pledge for the se vinyl and add an extra $15. when the ks is done dec 5th, you'll get the survey and specify what the extra $15 is for. thanks!
i'm trying to buy the se vinyl and a cd but i'm failing to follow this checkout process. i want to add the cd but then it changes my whole pledge....
i'm wearing my official party uniform to the next cle show.
adam that's awesome... we came to to to see you guys and the old saults ..was amazing..would be sweet to see you guys closer to home!!!!
simon- as in, we will release it on vinyl? that's a pretty cool idea. that's a lot of songwriting royalties to pay to the original artists, but i'll look into it!
while listening to "as you wish" this morning, i thought how would mbd sound covering alice in chains, deftones, or gorillaz?  just a thought...
how about a covers album vinyl as a stretch goal? :)
@ samantha - you can just add $15 to your pledge to cover the cd if you need one, but don't forget that every vinyl tier comes with a digital download anyway. if the album is anything like bitter moon it will be worth having just because the packaging is well done. i don't have a record player anymore but the vinyl is a nice collectible thing to have.
oh man, i have been wanting to hear mbd cover a song by the dears ever since i was too broke to kickstart their last campaign, but i do not have twelve hundred dollars to throw around. are there, say, eleven other fans who want to become an obvious xzibit joke and crowdfund this crowdfunding with me? i'm also looking to swap the vinyl that comes with the artbook i pledged for with somebody's cd, since i have cd players aplenty but no record player. (i'd have just pledged for the cd and gotten the book as an add-on, but the rules say no bueno.)
i couldn't afford to give much, but you're my very favorite band so i'm glad i could help!!!!!!! ❤️ can't wait until the release day!
congrats!!! can't wait to see what covers are picked
thanks guys!
woooooooooo hoooooooo!  covers for everyone!  confetti!
stretch goal # 1 done!!! congrats!
man....the hand-written lyrics is such a cool idea, it could be a pledge level on its own. just sayin'.
hey mbd - love you guys so much!  i just pledged $100 for the cd, the t-shirt, and framed.  i'm stoked about this new album and i play your music for everyone i meet at work/church/home/on the street.  can't wait to see you at club dada!  will you be performing songs off this album?
hey mbd, when will the results for today's raffle happen? so stoaked for the new album and framed
changed my pledge a few days ago to the $125 option for two tickets to the cave show (which i'm thrilled about) and added $15 today for the cd for jamming in my car!
i am so excited to help fund another album through kickstarter!! i chose the whiskey crew pledge again this time around (because i seem to have misplaced my crew patch in a recent move from the last kickstarter campaign). i can't wait to hear the new album!! y'all have never let me down!! <3
tiffeny- never played there but i (adam) grew up in detroit, so that's where i did a lot of my teenage drinking. oh the memories.
would love fit you guys to come do a show in windsor!!!
thank you. i wasn't sure of the process and i was telling people about it who had similar questions and i figured i'd ask. great stuff.
travis you can message us directly and ask any questions. basically we will do what we think is best for the song, but we are happy to listen to an idea. also, last time it worked really well that we asked each pledger to send us their.top.three songs and we picked the one we felt we could do the best cover of
ok, so about the cover songs. do those pledgers get notified of what the other's have picked so no one picks the same artist/song twice? and is there communication back and forth or room for specifics like changing tempo or adding cello during this segment etc? just curious.
ryan yes you can add multiple items!
i love you guys for adding another concert... luckily i snagged one up!
i know you can add on things, but what if you want to add on multiple things does it work the same way?
folks from the whiskey crew from last ks-  if you want a whiskey crew shirt tack on $20 and we will throw it in. specify in the backer survey at the end of the ks and we will take care of you. that's when you specify size too
i was wondering the same thing, mark. my wc patch is already displayed on a hoodie but it'd be nice to add a wc shirt to my wardrobe. �
was wondering the same thing as justin kibbel. i'm a whiskey crew backer from the first kickstarter and would love to be able to add the t-shirt on.
score!! upgraded my pledge,  vinyl box set for me and whiskey crew for a friend. thanks guys, can't wait!
please add another cavern show!!!
matthew, no problem, just specify in the backer report when its done
just upped my pledge to help you beautiful bastards cross that first threshold, and i couldn't be happier that i did! cannot wait for your bowery ballroom show at the end of feb!  (if possible, i'd love that extra bit of pledgery to go to adding the kickstarter t-shirt to my existing whiskey crew pledge)
just changed my pledge to help you guys make it to the first benchmark. painfully excited to see you guys in denver in dec and nyc in feb!
first benchmark almoooosttt reached.....
wooooh almost there!
@ doyne add $65 to your pledge amount. when the survey goes out in a few months you should be able to specify what the extra was for.
for those that got the big 12" whiskey crew patch from the last kickstarter, is it possible to add on for the wc t-shirt?
how can i add a copy of the art book to my order?
foxglove was my wife and mine's unofficial wedding song. my brother performed it during the recessional and at the reception. it was during a performance of this song in denver at the blue bird that i decided i was going to propose.
travis- all vinyl comes with the digital. and that song in the video is a sneak of the last song on the new album!
i have a mbd tattoo, i've seen you guys 15 times in the last 11 years, and i just finally joined the whiskey crew with this kickstarter. sorry it took me so long. see you at the end of may in chicago!
mdb whiskey crew 4 lyfe son!!!
i missed out on the last kickstarter, and i refuse to let that happen again! so i'm making up for it! i'll see you at every single show i can get myself to. cuz i've got a golden ticket, i've got a golden chance to make my way (to see all of your shows)!
i forgot to post the size for the t-shirt (i got too excited!). if we could do a size medium, that would be fantastic!!!
i backed the last kickstarter and happy to support again. can't wait for the album and hope to see you in chicago!
i'm happy to be back again and to support. i've immensely enjoyed the previous album and the kickstarter bonus album.
pledged for the se vinyl and artbook. just to be doubly sure, the vinyl automatically comes witht the digital album? also, forgive my ignorance as i only own and know their full lengths and skeletons album, but is the song in the trailer a new track or something rare or from an ep or split that i'm unaware of or haven't heard?
@kelly you can find adam's notes online using the wayback machine. they archive old mbd sites. http://tinyurl.com/qhnrznk
does the whiskey crew shirt look like the patch?
new album hype!!! can't wait!
i agree with aja about the stanley shows.  maybe you should film it and do live performance dvd.
i would love to see video footage from last year's stanley shows!  pledge amount = whatever you think it's worth. also love jonathan's suggestion below of a set-list or song request pledge.
i backed your kickstarter so maybe you will be able to help me out here. my husband and i have been listening to 'who will survive...' on repeat lately and i can't find the album notes that adam wrote to explain the background of each song. this used to be on the website but isn't anywhere i can find it now. help! where can i find this?
how about a reward of getting to write a setlist/partial setlist for a show?  not sure what the pledge level would be but that would be pretty awesome.  see ya in chicago!
super excited for another kickstarter! one question though: the pledge descriptions state they include shipping to canada, but 10$ is added for shipping after the fact. is this a mistake is the pledge description or in the shipping options? either way, i'm grabbing the se bundle! p.s.: come back to calgary please!
dylan c kyle- it does!
i can't wait to get the new album, and see mbd play in portland. thanks for the opportunity to preorder your new album, and all the fun extras. rock on!
went with whiskey crew. wishing the slipmat came with this...
i can't believe i missed the cover song reward! ;(
i think it's already time to start talking stretch goals ;)
so sad i didn't log on earlier and get the opportunity to snag the cave show tickets :(
pledged $69 for the vinyl, shirt, cd and 7'. can't wait to see you all soon!!
pledged $35 total for the se vinyl and the 7" with samantha crain. can't wait to hear the new record!
pledged $35 for the special edition vinyl and the 7" split! add an extra date for the special show, would definitely buy a pair of those too if more become available.
pledged $80 for the cd plus art book, thanks!
time to get my whiskey crew jacket finished for the show in louisville. thank you for being so awesome.
my husband and i pledged $35 for the cd/t-shirt and an extra $65 for the art book. we have also changed our vacation plans so we can see you again in may!
i don't have "cover money" but just in case someone does, please consider having mbd cover a rush song. geddy lee's vocals through adam's low baritone (or whatever)? yes please!
i didn't read all the comments, ignore my ignorance.
i pledged $80 for the secret show in kentucky and an extra $30 for the big dark love vinyl. thanks!
just pledged for the special edition vinyl with shipping to the uk, and gave extra for the 7".  didn't know if you needed extra $ for postage of the 7" though, so just rounded up my pledge amount.  if a bit more is required, let me know.  can't wait to hear the new album!
news of the new album just made a bitch of a day into a peach.  this is awesome. i can't wait! (obviously, i will have to)
i missed the last one, can't let that happen again. so this time i'm in. how do i let you know about the song i'd like to you to cover?
i pledged $165! $150 for the whiskey crew reward and an extra $15 for the cd so i can jam out to new mbd tunes in my car without using my phone!
had to get the 150$ one!! this just made my day. i was wondering if the "se vinyl" stands for special or standard though?!
had to pledge the $250! i couldn't pass that bundle up!! is it february yet?
ohhh, dark -too dark- love songs? sounds right up my alley right now. i can't wait!!  see you guys in los angeles! <3
almost 2 years exactly after ya'll graciously allowed me to propose to my wife at your show in des moines, we are going to come rock the hell out of louisville with you. the brown liquids bar will have its hands full.
i pledged $80 for the cd and the book, is this where i tell you that??? :)
so buried in the 250 reward description is mention of a "live dvd", but i don't see it anywhere else on the project page? what's up with that?
just pledged for the cd and 7" split. can i add $$ to get a digital copy of the 7"? i don't do vinyl (shame on me).
sharon: the $49 already comes with a digital dl, since the vinyl comes with it.
just a note folks: pledge the amount including the extra item and specify what the extra item is when the kickstarter backer survey shows up once it is funded.
ahhh you guys are the best. can't wait for the cave show! also, i added $15 to my 2-cave show ticket order for the cd.
by the way, nice that you picked my birthday as a release date. this will be the best thing i ever got for my birthday.
hi guys, just pledged for the special edition vinyl + t-shirt. added the split, the cd version of the album and the framed: poster art. while you guys are at it, could you also fly over to europe for a couple of shows ;) the netherlands is a nice place to play, you're more than welcome.
instantly pledged for the se vinyl.  watched the video.  bumped that up to the art book.  that looks absolutely amazing! super sad that you folks aren't coming back up to maine next year.  it's been way too long!!
looks like i'm joining the whiskey crew.  couldn't be happier about it.
looks like we are going to kentucky!!!
i wanted to make sure i got the golden ticket (done) but i also want to go to one of the louisville cave shows. is there a way to do that? preferably the 5th
awww, i had hoped to pick up the poster in addition to the vinyl (and maybe the art book), but after backing the big vinyl box with all the records the last time around, the higher pledge levels somehow have limited appeal. other than that: awesome news that there will be more from mbd so soon :-) hope to see you tour europe again.
really excited for the new album! i pledged at the $101 level, and upped the amount to $116 to add a cd. i didn't see any comment section within the checkout process to say that i was adding that $15 for the cd - is this where such comments go?
so awesome to see a new album from you guys. quick question, will i have the option of a digital download even if i select an upper tier (the $49 dollar one is where i'm at now)?
