still didn't receive my pledge which seems to be stuck since pre-christmas in your hometown's post office (last status of tracking)
@mindaugas: to release the vacuum, remove the airlock.  if the jar has been refrigerated, it helps to bring it to room temperature or even run hot water over the cap (make sure the spout is closed). also, you may need a gripper to help with the really tight seals.
made kimchi and it seems like my biggest mason jar is stuck. the vent is great but you have not at all considered what it does to the plastic screw top. there's a vacuum and it is impossible to re-open the jar. very disappointed. all my money for nothing. mindaugas
received my caps - but unfortunately there where no tags :( but thats ok - can't wait to make my first own mixed pickles!
mine have finally arrived in the country (new zealand) so hoping to receive them this week - perfect timing too given it's mid-summer here and the garden is in full swing  :d @ kayla - you can log into backerkit.com to review survey details and view tracking
i like mine! there was minor chip at the top of one of the small jars, but it's okay. jus gotta be careful when washing it
received my caps the day before i received my tracking information.
i have not received shipping notification. i may not have received and filled out a survey either. please let me know how best to handle this so i can get fermenting soon :)
backer david sent me this message: hi karen: i received my kit and i'm looking foreword to using them. i thought you might like to know we have a great place to buy fermented food call the culturedpickleshop.com here in northern california. maybe a place that would carry your product to sell.  sincerely david. thanks so much david!  if anyone else has some good connections, please post here or on https://www.facebook.com/recapmasonjars
i haven't received my shipment or tracking information. how do i follow up on this?
i haven't yet received a shipping confirmation or tracking code (netherlands). the last update indicated all shipping to be done before end of last week. is there an indication of when i can expect the shipping confirmation and tracking code? thank you!
i received all my stuff today and it looks awesome. i am very happy it made its way to sweden well before the holidays. thank you! :-)
@craig, wow it's a good thing we packed it well!  yes we ship the valve and stopper separate so you can wash them before assembly.
hi just recieved my aperitivo set in australia.  all safe dispite postal service punching a hole through 3 layers of carboard packaging including the box front. btw is it normal for the valve to be in two pieces - eg. a rubber stopper and separate value ?
hi. just received the package. they are beautiful condition and can't wait making some. thanks!
i got my jars. this will be a xmas gift for my wife so i won't know for a while how it goes, but i'm sure she'll love it. thanks!
@julia mii, the ebook is in progress.  we are summarizing the live workshops and will also add more recipes.  the ebook will be completed by the end of december.  we will send out details as they become available.
where do i find downloads of the ebook? i want to try beer, sauerkraut, and more! the live beer how-to video from the campaign is almost 2 hours long...
where can i find more recipes? just received my gift box!
hi @julia & @n: yes the natural is similar to a white.  we call it natural because it has no colorant added.
(i just realized that "natural" must mean the color of undyed plastic.)
to julia mll--i, too, am a backer; was going to post the same question (don't know why they didn't show this here). after seeing you posted 2 hours ago, i started looking around because didn't want to wait. i found this: http://masonjars.com/productimage.php… it lands on a picture of red lids but click over a couple of frames & there is a one of "natural"--they look kinda white to me.
what color is natural in the survey?
i am soooooo excited!!! congratulations to you and your team on your achievement!!!! can't wait to get the recipes and get started!!!! congratulations again!!!!
congratulations karen on your successful project.  can't wait to try my jars out !
@hermione, the aperitivo set comes with one wide-mouth jar and two regular mouth jars.  each will have a corresponding recap lid.
do the jars come with regular lids as well?
@carrie, you will be able to choose between wide-mouth and regular mouth.  yes you can download 3 times.
are these wide mouth lids or normal size mason jar lids?  it doesn't say.  also i am purchasing multiples of the $35 pledge, so can i have multiple downloads of the ebook seeing as i purchased 3 pledges?  thanks.
is there an option to add more recaps to our reward? i have ordered the 3 recap reward, but i'd like 5, but without the jars. just 5 recaps.
approximately how many days do you need to leave the recap on before changing the top to another so you can recap another item? i presume this is correct- that i can use a standard cap at a certain point- if not, please clarify. i'd love to see the actual logistics of one recipe (i know you were going to release a video) of the process to make kimchee/sauerkraut/pickled veggies/kombucha and how each slightly differs from each other... also, i know you mentioned including stretch goals... with 2 weeks to go, will you be posting any goals?
so if i wanted to upgrade the 49$ kit with 2 more air locks i can just add 12 $ to my pledge?
@diana: fantastic!!
@michelle: recap lids come in both sizes.  most people like to use wide-mouth for fermenting.
changed the amount to 2 kits + 3  should be great gifts!
hi,  do regular mouthed or wide mouthed jars work with the recap lid?
@alex: i haven't made yogurt in a long time and don't think an airlock is needed.  mason jars are definitely used. you can find out more at:http://paleoleap.com/homemade-yogurt/
hi karen! do you think the jars could be used to ferment yogurt?
@therese: the $49 pledge comes with 3 beautiful italian jars; 3 lids (caps) and 1 airlock.  you can boost your pledge to receive the $35 kit.   kudos for being a superbacker!
@diana: kickstarter functionality doesn't offer multiple pledges or multiple within a pledge.   i would choose the early bird since it is limited and boost your pledge by $35 to get both.  thanks for backing us!
@n. meyer: we are working on a couple of stretch goals, will announce soon!  if you want multiples of a reward, then multiply the pledge.  thank you so much!
hi, karen- i got this for my husband, who ferments already with mixed results. can you clarify what exactly comes with the $49 pledge? is it three lids and four airlocks, or three lids and one airlock? basically, do you get everything at $49 that you get at $35, plus the bottles, etc? thanks for your help!
i am trying to do a $35 and $59 and do both but i can't get it to accept both radio buttons. help!
thank you for the link
great product! i can't wait to receive mine. i am wondering if there will be any stretch goals? also, if i want more than 3 recaps, how can i get more? do i have to double my backing to get 6? thanks.
@mereck: i have never canned a ferment.  this link details how to do it: http://food.unl.edu/canning-pickles-fermented-foods
quick question. once the jar is done fermenting can you can it i.e. water bath or pressure cook it? thank you
yes, correct.
so if we want 2 orders we just edit the pledge amount to reflect additio al items we want, right?
