still love vm so much. revival please!!!
is anyone still on this page?  i never received any of the gifts.  did this happen to anyone else?  just was about to watch the movie again and it all came back to me.  can someone help please?!
watched the movie again last night.....  still so much love!  more books?
what refund? i don't remember hearing anything about that.  anyway, just watched the movie again (x many!). i hope that rob is meeting with people re: the sequel. maybe another kickstarter? i've been saving up :d :d we need to make some noise so this happens again! :)
hey my movie has disappeared completely from flixster anyone else have this happen?
wondering if the $10 refunds were all processed? i dont recall getting one and just saw this referenced in a short. so it reminded me. please lmk. thanns
hi....
hi! i would really appreciate your help for my master's dissertation by completing the following survey. it's about motivations for contributing to reward-based crowdfunding campaigns, and it will take less than 10 minutes to complete. i am struggling to get responses so far so i would be forever grateful to you if you can help me! thank you for your help! :) https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/d2x39kx
i think it's time for a sequel. anyone?
@jonathan, have a look at this: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/
i am writting my theses on the veronica mars project and the importance of fans. is it possible to get som numbers or/and a diagram showing when backers came onto the campagne and how much money was raised pr day or something like that?? and maybe also some information about how many contries donations came from, and how many backers pr contry. it will help me back my arguments about the project going viral and illustrate the speed and rate the information about the campaign spreed. and show how wide the fan culture of the show has spread across the world. (bonus: i am writting from denmark. got to know veronica mars through netfilx)
i'm just curious... why weren't we looped in on izombie at some point?
hey fellow marshmallows! i'm working on getting a funding for my government club to attend model general assembly. can you help me out? my project was just approved and posted on donorschoose.org. here’s my classroom request: www.donorschoose.org/funding to have your donation matched dollar for dollar, enter the promo code spark on the payment screen. this awesome match offer lasts through december 3rd. your gift will help me, my current students, and future students tremendously. i would be very grateful if you would pass on this message to anyone else who could help. stephanie
hello marshmallows! i have a current education crowdfunding site for my students to raise money for upcoming conferences! check it out and help us out, if you can: http://t.co/bopcoj6oln
you gave us only 48 hours to fill out your survey and the other email went to my spam. i would like my pdf of the script or a code to rent the film.
i also realized i'd never received any info regarding my digital download.  where can i find that info?
hi there, i hope this message isn't too late for me to send. i had placed a pledge through for a friend of mine to receive a dvd and tshirt under this account, but still haven't received anything yet. is there someone that i can contact directly to have this issue resolved? thank you so much for your help!
um, can i just ask what happened to the backers website? i was just trying to access it, to look back at everything, and it just redirects to the facebook page. slightly disappointed, but guess it was going to happen sometime... also, have we had any news on when dick will air internationally, did i miss that?
are there any updates on getting the books on kindle?
am eagerly awaiting the play it again, dick to air.. still hoping/wishing for more of veronica mars but in the meantime, i'll watch this. just hope i'm able to from australia?
just watched the movie on hbo go. color me surprised. that was really fucking good. hats off guys. and oh the famous cameos. you used this money well.
there are only 6 days for this project to reach it goal. everyone check out this awesome kicksater created by allan amato.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1193179890/temple-of-art-the-documentary
just watched the film. great work, rob and team!
hi guys!!! first, i just wanted to say that i loved the movie and i enjoyed being part of this great project. second, a friend of mine is currently is writing her thesis about this kickstarter and she would like to do an interview with a few of you via skype for her work. if you want to help and talk more about your love for the show and the movie, please contact her at michal.schriber@mail.huji.ac.il thank you effie
germany - found my dvd last week when i came back from vacation. thank you so much for everything! it was such a good erxperience.
thank you so much for everything! it all worked out perfectly for me, when there was a problem your support immediately helped me without hesitation. looking forward to your next veronica mars project ;)
finally watched the movie. wow! that was everything and more than i could have hoped for. thank you rob, kristen, jason and _everyone_ else involved in making this. i know it probably won't happen, but i hope it was successful enough that a year or three down the line you'll do another story. till then i hope the books will continue.
my dvd arrived yesterday which is cool, though now that i have a blu-ray player i do wish i'd backed for the blu-ray :) i am having problems getting a response from their customer service though.
yesterday my dvd and bd arrived in germany :-)))  now i'm a bit sad because that was the last part of the rewards.. thanks for this kickstarter!
ftw!  we (i.e. veronica mars fans) won top honor, fandom of the year, at the mtvu fandom awards! http://www.mtv.com/news/1878526/veronica-mars-fandom-awards/
i am a french i learned that your second book is about more than logan is my favorite but now alas, the first book was not translated into french. i'd love to buy your second book in october but in french because my english is not very good, can you tell us if this book will be translated and when; thank you annie berdane
i want to see a rob thomas vm sequel where he isn't tethered to pleasing fans or anyone else. either that or all of the main characters decide to become a crime-fighting gymnastics team coached by mr. t.
i got mine a few days after i got the email notification. i suspect yours got lost in the mayhem, try contacting the support email rob gave in an earlier update.
i hate to be negative, because so far i think rob & the vmm team have done a pretty good job with communication & the like, but... has anyone actually received their dvd of the film? i got an email from veronicamarsmovie@bydeluxe.com back on may 6 saying 'my order had shipped', but the usps tracking site shows the package never actually entered the usps system, and i've heard nothing about it since.  anyone else have the same experience?
@dark stitch: that is extremely unfortunate. given that 2 out of your 3 other comments on kickstater seem to be of the same vein, i suggest you check your profile settings to ensure that your email address is correct. if it is correct, check your spam folder, the last update/email was on june 30th. if you find it [or any other kickstarter email] white-list it. to prevent it from happening in the future. -- as you have not seen any email from this campaign, you would have missed the survey, which is what you needed to fill out to receive your physical rewards. without a survey response, rob & team would have had no way to send you stuff, and if their emails were ending up in your spam-box or otherwise blocked, they would have had no way to contact you further, either. i don't work with rob [i'm just a backer like you] so i unfortunately cannot help you any further. i suggest you read back through the updates, there is an email address posted for support. they also gave a deadline, which may have passed already, in which case you will sadly be out of luck.
you know... i have not seen a single email since i backed this project. i have not received a single item and am now just really wondering what the heck happened? i hope someone contacts me. thanks.
carlos soto mentioned an early june date, but it's now july and still no personalized videos. when will they be sent out?
i loved the movie, loved being a backer, and loved the book the thousand dollar tan line.  i bought it on kindle and audio book and have now listened to it twice. i must admit, i have yet to actually read my kindle version because kristen bell did such an amazing job reading it that it's like listening to a (long) episode of the show (while i drive to and from work, etc., when i could not actually be reading, so it's convenient too).  i will happily buy the next book but i also really hope you can convince her to read it again because i would buy another vm audiobook with her as reader in a heartbeat.
thank you rob, kristen for allowing me the opportunity to be apart of something so awesome as the verconia mars movie i am very happy aussie. if your planning on doing another kickstarter campaign please let me know i am definitely in.
hey guys! the reading rainbow kickstarter has some awesome veronica mars rewards! "the veronica mars + rrl package, available now as a $750 reward, gets you three tickets to join levar, kristen, enrico and jason in person for a few hours next spring (exact date tbd), as well as some exclusive autographed souvenirs and a dvd to keep! (please note that this event is not scheduled to include a meet and greet, and does not include other rewards. if you want all of the items in the $200 reward package as well, please add $200 to your total pledge when claiming this reward!)"
still hoping for one or two more updates...maybe on the future of veronica mars?
the movie was really worth it and i'm glad it got made. so don't hate veronica mars. actors and staff did a really good and truthful to the serie job. the issue is how the campaign and rewards were handled, this could've been done a lot better and there are not excuses about that. unfortunately this could put in jeopardy a lot of future project because who will now trust movie projects with some major behind them?
i emailed about the video message i'm missing and they said they would all be going out next week.  i requested one from tina, and apparently she was one of the last to record.
apparently i gave all of that money for the honor of having given the money, because i received exactly none of the things i was supposed to receive, and the film never showed anywhere near where i live, so i couldn't even go to see it at the theater. i don't have a ton of money lying about, and giving that much was a sacrifice. for nothing. missed the bullcrap june 1 deadline because of family illness and work, so apparently i'm just screwed. eff this project, and eff this disorganized team of jerkwads. never thought anyone could make me hate veronica mars. congrats, a-holes, you did it. i wish i'd never given to this rip-off campaign.
anyone still waiting on their rewards? i have a video message i'm still waiting to hear back on, and it appears they've closed up shop...what's the best way to reach support at this point?
i think we all should fund the reading rainbow project it's worthy cause.
just got my bluray + dvd. again, this is the work ks campain i ever backed, from the backer care point of view. just screwed over and over. first the digital download fiasco. then the limited post release support (really, 1 june as a limit, when you ship the dvds in may?). dvd and bluray was shipped with an insufficient packaging, something noone in the business should do (a wrapper envelope with not protection). to that we could add that the dvd and bluray cases are the lightest i ever saw, you can actually feel the disc touching the cover. so obviously not suite to be shipped with a pratically not existent protection. my dvd case obviously broke, the bluray managed to stay intact. damage apart, the quality of the disc itself is not that great. the menu is horrible and hard to navigate. it's not a matter of design but usability (you can hardly see what menu item you have selected due to the color choice). dvd and bluray has italian cover. i'm italian but i never asket for a regional cover and i consider this an unwanted behavior. also, the bluray doesn't have italian language in either text or audio even though the cover is in italian. i don't see the point in that. dvd instead has both subtitles and audio in italian (we haven't had a theater release of the movie). is it too difficult to use the same audio tracks for both dvd and bluray? i don't plan on watching the movie in italian, but i would like to see a little more coherence in this rewards. i'm glad the movie was done, but you did all in your power to do the worst possible job in fulfilling backers' rewards.
guys-i think reading rainbow is going to beat our records.  but it's a very worthy project.
i got the replacement dvd for the one damaged in the mail. thank you.
i have yet to receive my refund for purchasing veronica mars from itunes after having sent a copy of my receipt pursuant to their instructions over 2 months ago (march 17) nor have i received a reply for any of my emails sent to "customer support" (march 25, may 7). now i find out they'll no longer process refunds or provide customer support after june 1st...i understand that it takes time to process refunds but it's been over 2 months and no reply. it's getting ridiculous.
i just received my vm t-shirt!! i love it so much~~ thank you guys for being prompt in your responses and delivering on your promises even when the error was not on your end but with the postal system. you guys rock.
now it looks like a joke, but they havn't recieved my 4:th e-mail either :-) so they gave me another e-mail address to send it to. i hope it will work this time. ;-)
hi backers :) my name is stephanie, i'm a media student at the university of technology in sydney, australia and i'm writing a research paper on audience participation and its influence on media content. i have created a survey based on the veronica mars kickstarter campaign and it would be amazing if anyone could complete it. it takes 3 minutes max and is completely anonymous. thank you! https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/s782qgz
so i finaly got a answer from support. just sent them a e-mail for the 4:th time, hope they get this one :-)
so i just finished listening to the audiobook version of the book (narrated by kristen), and i really have to say i was blown away by how good it was.
i'm now getting a bit annoyed. i have written info@theveronicamarsmovie.com 3 times in the past 2 months and no one even bothered to give me a answer. it seems they don't give a shit now when the movie is out and all the money is counted.
not sure if anyone else mentioned this but netflix is now carrying the first 3 seasons of vm in canada...
still missing my bd copy of the movie. i have emailed info@theveronicamarsmovie.com but heard nothing. has anyone else gotten a response if they've had trouble with a missing component from their pledge?
if anyone is having problems with their dvd's being sent to the wrong address, just e-mail dhl or whoever is delivering your dvd. i'm in the uk and got it redirected way quicker than trying to e-mail customer services.
not happy - i have just learnt my dvd was sent to the wrong address in australia (even though my address was changed before the t-shirts were sent out - and they were sent to my correct address).
received my bd / dvd today!  thank you, rob and team. still can't ( legally ) get hold of the ebook / audiobook of the novel in the uk, hope that isn't an indication of the interest of that rob now has for this project ( rob's co-author, so he would have been party to the negotiations regarding the various releases ).  oh, well, i can only try so hard to do my part....
purchase the movie on whatever service works for you, and email the receipt to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com
who do we email to get our digital version in a different format? i have an amazon fire tv and there is no vudu/flixster/ultra violet app...
today is a great day. today, the whole collection on vm is realeased in the uk for the first time, and it's arrived today, along with my kickstarter dvd/blu-ray, and while i'm writing this, i'm currently watching the documentary. thanks to rob, kristen and the rest of the vm team for all their hard work, and thanks to the other 91.584 backers. we couldn't have done it without each other. just one thing we all now just want to know...when do we start the sequel?
i'm also from australia. i received my dvd today to finalise my involvement in this exciting  venture we've all been on.  a wonderful outcome from such dedicated fans.. and a big thanks to rob, kristen and all the vmars team, we've had a ball. i know  i have :)
i'm in the $100 tier (australia) and received my blu-ray/dvd 'combo' today (actually individually packaged blu-ray & dvd, but who cares?).   to those interested: it's the australian retail version (has huge standard australian rating logos), dvd specifies region 4 (bluray doesn't specify). oddly, the dvd states 103min where the blu-ray states 107min; both have the kickstarter feature on (dvd says its an hour long, blu-ray doesn't specify; but it may have an additional featurette as wording is different). so that's me done, thanks for playing fellow kickstarter marshmallows! :-)
i received my dvd/blu-ray combo today and was just wondering why the bonus features from the blu-ray aren't included on the dvd (are they hidden?). i don't have any other issues with it, i just would have liked to have known that most of the bonus features only seem to be available on the blu-ray, as i don't (currently) have a blu-ray player. overall i was quite pleased with the vm kickstarter (even with the problems with downloading).
hey marshmallows! i just found a ks today for another tv show that was cancelled too soon. it ends in just 3 days and they have hit their mark for 1.5 million already. just thought i would put it out there https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/773106364/blue-mountain-state-the-movie
i still haven't received a pdf copy of the script despite emailing the customer service team. how difficult is it to email that bloody thing?
okay thanks, i must have missed that.
@klaus hoefling in update #96 is mention for germany/austria customer support will help up till augusts 15, 2014 for dvd/blu ray
so, if you are a backer from germany/austria you have to wait for july to get the dvd/blu ray, and if it gets lost in the mail, you are screwed because "after june 1, we won’t be able to help with unclaimed rewards, offer replacements, or issue any additional refunds" ? that does not sound good.
got my bluray/dvd combo yesterday, the only problem now is when i got my poster most of one side was ripped. when they put the poster in the tube it was not pushed in enough so when the plastic cap was mounted it ruined the poster. i have e-maild customer support twice without any answer. so now i have a poster that i was going to frame but bacause it's ruined i will not spend the money on framing it would look terrible.
i moved during the last year and the dvd was sent to my old address. so far no luck on reaching new tenant at my old place, so i emailed customer service, but they said that couldn't find my pledge with my email. i haven't changed it since i pledged last year...anyone else having similar issue? i'm excited to get the dvd!
anyone know what the digital sales have amounted to yet?  just curious to know.
anyone in the blu-ray reward tier accidentally receive just the standard dvd instead?
rob, i just received the dvd and have already gotten the rest of my pledge items, have seen the movie on the big screen and loved all of it. but i just wanted to say for someone doing their first kickstarter project you knocked it out of the park.  i have backed over 100 projects with varied results but the items aside you could give classes in cloud funding.  i know a lot of people get upset with time delays but i have done enough of these to realize you just have to be patient, but what most people that create projects don't realize is that people would complain less if they just did a better job of keeping the backers in the loop.  to that end no one can complain about your communication, at just under 100 updates (and detailed updates to boot) you have been so above board that it is amazing and unheard of.  so many project creators complain about how they don't have the time to comment but i can't imagine anyone being more busy than you have been with writing a movie, directing a movie, editing a movie, writing a book (which i also bought on the kindle and audible) doing a pilot for another show. i don't know when you sleep but you still managed to run the best kickstarter i have ever been a part of. thank you for that and best of luck with everything else you choose to do from here on out.  do they have a kickstarter hall of fame, hmm i should check into that...
i wanted to thank the whole team for their amazing work on this project. i received my signed poster, and couldn't be happier about it. i put it in a big frame and displayed it in the center of my living room so that my many friends can admire it and also that it makes a little more publicity for the movie. :-) thanks so so much to all of you who spend many hours signing the posters for us. you made a very nice gift to us.
i received the dvd yesterday (belgium), experienced no problems whatsoever. i too would like to add my thanks for a very well run kickstarter campaign. i am so glad i took the plunge to back it. the experience was great and the end result, the movie itself, was glorious as well. you have turned me into an even bigger veronica mars fan.
i have received all my rewards.
i do not have any problems. i just want to say that i very much enjoyed this whole process. the hour long special that came with the movie dvd was very interesting and enjoyable. the movie itself was wonderful and of course made in a way that will allow  more and more sequels, or a tv series, or whatever can be created. i hope to see much more of the cast of this movie picking up where the movie ended. thank you for all of your very hard work.
i'm in australia and i got my shipping notice yesterday.
i'm in australia and i got my shipping notice yesterday.
i'm just wondering if anyone on here has had any response about problems with their dvd/ blu-ray being posted to wrong places or not being able to change their address etc??
no heads up before the dvd shipped?  i got the confirmation email but it is for the wrong address. usps shows it as delivered 5/2/14. i hope they enjoy my old apartment and my new veronica mars dvd :(
i've gotten a shipping notice for every reward, including my blu-ray.
would have been nice to alert us of the shipment beforehand. some of us have moved. not sure where mine will end up, right now it seems to be lost in the system.
haven't received a shipping notice yet (in australia) and today at work i sold a copy of the movie. seems you're only thinking about the money now instead of looking after your backers. unfortunately this is not uncommon for kickstarter projects.
anyone from australia got a shipping notice for their blu-ray $100 pledge?
let us know if commentaries ever start popping up.
blu-ray/dvd arrived in the mail today! just about to watch it! -mike
got my dvd today. thank you very much!
just received dvd from courier. came sealed, but i had a feeling the disc would be loose, and it was. haven't got around to watching it yet, but it doesn't look damaged, just a few scuff marks.
just got my dvd (i'm in england) and the documentary is pretty good. disappointed that there is no bonus features though. i feel rob and others lied to us on that front. i have the original email that says "documentary and other exclusive kickstarter bonus features" but there isn' anything. bit of a cop out. i've backed a couple projects on kickstarter and i feel this was the best for communication with the regular updates but the worst for delivering on the goods. the digital copy was delivered using an awful system and now the dvd is a bit lacking. guess this is what happens when you promise the world.
got my dvd today, yay! didn't count on local subtitles, so that's pretty cool. :)
got my blu-ray/dvd over the weekend and just watched the behind the scenes: by the fans special feature. thanks so much for portraying fans in such a positive light. i'm so glad i participated in this kickstarter and was a part of bring veronica mars back to life. the film turned out great, of course, but it's gratifying to know that the creators, cast, and crew showed their appreciation in such a positive and wonderful way in this documentary. just had to come on and say thanks!!
david fleming get a region free dvd player and you can watch the dvd with no problems.
i sent an email to customer service.
i got my dvd today damaged through the envelope, both sides of the broken case, and the disc itself has a large dimple in it.  i bought the movie from itunes instead of the dreadful download, and now this. help!
my dvd was mailed to my old address (usps change of address was filled out and mail forwarding is current and has so far been effective). as far as i know there wasn't a way to change this address through kickstarter. now the tracking # for the dvd shows it was delivered to my old address 2 days ago. i have contacted usps, but i'm not sure how much they can do if the person at my old address decides to illegally keep/open my mail.
i've just received my dvd. i'm currently in england but i will be returning to north america in september. i would never order a region 2 dvd (not playable in north american) but that's what i've got. it's totally useless to me. i don't recall ever being asked what version i wanted (amazon will mail region 1 dvds, so there's no issue with copyright restrictions). it's very disappointing. everything else associated with this kickstarter project has been very good, but getting a totally useless dvd is a bad end to all of this.
i couldn't figure out how to get the digital download here in australia so i wrote an email asking for the itunes version and haven't heard anything back :(
got my dvd and the special features made it feel like christmas!  i'm so happy with it!  i am hoping we at least get one or two more updates, though.  maybe i'm asking too much because i don't want a good thing to end.  thank you again for all our hard work!
where are the "deleted scenes and more" on the dvd? where is the "more on-set fun" promised on the back cover?  are they only on the blu-ray?   thanks.
received my dvd today and was utterly disappointed. my pledge stated that there would be a documentary and "other bonus features". there was only the documentary and no bonus material of any kind... i was most looking forward to all the extras that i thought my dvd would include.
@niels thank you, haven't heard anything with regards mine....
got the dvd/blu ray today, got all the rewards promised from the kickstarter, glad to have been a part of this great project!
yay, i got my dvd today! problem: i received two. do i need to contact someone or send the other one back?
no commentary track? all that other crap on the disc i could do without. crap release. i wouldn't have bought it retail. "deleted scenes", what a joke.
just got my blu-ray/dvd in the mail today.  was a little surprised the shrink wrap wasn't on it (hopefully i'm not missing any inserts or that some unscrupulous person opened it while in transit) but i'm happy it's here.  thanks rob!
i just moved and forgot to change my address, any idea if i can change my address with dhl as my dvd still hasn't left the us (i'm in the uk).
@john a yes i got my shipping notice and im from europe
@ng cheers for that, will keep an eye out.... @elysia thank you, will take a look....
i got my shipping notice and it went to my old address.  i email customer service with my new address back in october :(
mine said it was delivered, but to a different (incorrect) address/zip code. anyone know who i can contact?
just received my dvd in the mail :d have to say this was one of the best ran kickstarters i've backed: well-organized, kept the fans involved and was done on time. thanks!
hey john a and martin i bought a book for a fellow marshmallow from a place called the book depository. i believe it is is located in the uk. and free shipping worldwide!
@john a just got email of dhl shipment notification about an hour ago, uk time. dvd is still in the us and hasn't moved yet, but if it's anything like the t-shirt, i'll probably be here sometime next week
got mine in kansas city today.
i'm in columbus, ohio, and got mine today.
"out for delivery" already? very cool, and perfect timing.
just got my veronica mars dvd in the mail! hmmm ... i wonder if there's anything good to watch this weekend?? =)
have any international backers received notification of shipping yet?
oh no!  the dvd got shipped to my old address instead of my new one!  it looks like it's coming usps and i have them forwarding my mails, so hopefully it will still get to me...
i bought the movie on itunes and liked it =) this campaign has been fun like a rollercoaster ride.
woot , received my dvd today!
@michaelgreenwaldt same! i've been checking my spam folder too but so far nothing.
so hoping i'll get my blu-ray by tuesday. haven't received an e-mail yet.
@arkhamnative i never received the original code email, i had to contact support and they sent me one, so i figure i didn't get the pdf because of that. but i see below someone else got a "you're still in the queue" message, so hopefully i'm still in the queue as well for the email i sent about the pdf.
my dvd arrived! the service came and left i note, which i signed saying it could be left, which was a great solution. i haven't watched it yet, waiting for my dad to get home, since we watched the series toghether. i had a fair amount of glee looking at the amazon page with its 'pre-order' option and looking at the dvd in my hand. the only thing i was a little less than excited by was the pixelation in the cover picture, and the fact that the only kickstarter mention was on the special feature blurb on the back. i had figured there would a icon next to the wb one on the disk, given how much kickstarter, and the backers, played a part in this.
yesterday i got two emails. one was a shipment notice for my backer dvd, the other was a "you're still in the queue" type of message for a customer service question i asked 3 weeks ago. so they're still there, just maybe overwhelmed. (91585 backers *is* unprecedented, after all.) @amanda: i got my pdf script link back with the digital movie code in march. there's a blue-background comment below, from 6 days ago, with additional contact info for unresolved support issues.
@leah: got a tracking number email from dhl, and then a 2nd message from deluxe the following day [apr 25/26]. check your spam folder, but i also wouldn't get too worried yet, as it may take some time to get through the list of all the backers.
i just got my dvd email, it has a tracking code! although i never got my pdf? and i contacted support quite a while ago.
same @corinne
i still haven't received an email or my dvd either.  hoping i hear something soon!
those of you who have received your dvds, did you get a tracking number or did it just show up?
best buy has the three seasons of "veronica mars" on sale for only $9.99 each. total steal! it's the cheapest they've been in ages. highly encourage marshmallows to pick up the sets to give to friends who haven't seen the show. :)
my dvd arrived today too... regretting not getting the bluray, guess i'll have to go shopping :)  i have a sense of impending loss now :(
yep, it's over :( got my bluray today. no more reweards to come. bittersweet indeed.
for those who want to see it again in a theater(in iowa).....check out the link for showtimes. playing june 13th & 14th. https://www.facebook.com/orpheumtc…
beware. watching the movie will make you miss the show so bad
just watched the movie, really enjoyed it. great job, guys!
got my first notification from dhl yesterday, with the tracking number, and got a second notice today for deluxe indicating it had shipped. a truly bittersweet moment. :)
yes, mine also says 'promo item dvd'. i wouldn't worry.
@brian does yours say "promo item - dvd"?  in my reward level, i'm pretty sure i got the blu-ray, but was just wondering if they all shipped saying that or if i should be concerned :s
got shipping notification for the bluray! final reward. *sniff
@rob - appreciate the update.  tis a shame that neither are available sans drm ( some publishers, tor for example, are enlightened in this area ), and that way we'd have the option of purchasing from the us....
is there any way to upgrade my dvd version from my pledge to a blu-ray version?
hey all, ivan here -- sorry not to be faster with answers for the last week or two. there have been a lot of loose ends getting tied up. let me answer as much as i can! -- @john/martin: i wish we had answers for you about international plans for the book and audiobook. unfortunately, the production team has no direct involvement with the book or the publishing process -- as far as i know, that question comes down to negotiations between publishers in different territories, and (afaik) isn't even an area that rob has control over. -- @hikaricore -- i'm so sorry to hear no one has gotten back to you. i know that the support team has issued plenty of refunds, so the most likely explanation is that an email got trapped in spam heading in one direction or the other. if you email veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, i'll make sure we get it taken care of for you asap. and to answer your question: no, it hasn't been sold anywhere yet. -- @christie -- for any missing rewards, please contact our support team at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com. they can help get replacements for you, or track down the missing shipment! -- @tim: i think we've got an update about that coming in the next 48 hours, but the quick answer is that wb is scheduled to start shipping them out today and tomorrow. barring unforeseen mail problems, we're hoping most backers will have their copies before may 6. -- @heathyr/nick/jarrod/steven: that sucks. that said, we made sure to put aside a few extra posters for just that possibility, since we know the mail service sometimes isn't as careful as we'd like, so if you email info@theveronicamarsmovie.com and let our customer support team know, they should be able to get you an undamaged replacement! -- @torgeir: unfortunately, tina was out of town shooting on another project by the time we got the posters back, and wasn't able to sign them. we wish it had been possible too. :( -- @jennifer: if you still haven't gotten a shipping notice, contact customer support (info@theveronicamarsmovie.com) and let them know. they'll help sort it out. -- @corina: sorry to hear about the tech issues. if you'd like, you're still welcome to download a copy of the movie from whatever service works best for you, and then fwd your receipt to customer support. they can reimburse whatever you spend to get a copy that works better for your needs!
@martin, i've even tried tweeting @veronicamars regarding the ebook / audiobook in the uk, again no answer.  i give up....
1080 also veronica.mars.2014.limited.1080p.bluray.x264-geckos
720p blu-ray rip is already out on torrent sites from what seem to be legitimate scene groups.  was this sold in some region prior to us getting our copy?  keep putting us last rob.  i still haven't gotten a reply about my itunes purchase of the film for a rebate.  :/
i never received my stickers i got as a backer - i had a shipping confirmation from usps - but they never arrived.  any suggestions?  thanks.  ps vm rocks.
so the blu-ray & dvd will be on sale may 6th... but when do us kickstarter backers get ours?
love the poster.  too bad usps totally mauled the (very sturdy) poster container it was in.  it's currently with my framer to see what they can do to dewrinkle it without ruining it.  it was so bad, i didn't even look at who signed it or if there was a special message on the back. argh!  but....not vmmp's fault at all.  totally postal service.  the dude dropped it off and practically ran back to his vehicle too when usually he stays long enough for us to open the door.
signed poster question : was your poster signed by tina majorino ?? mine wasn't which sucks since mac is my favorite character..
still haven't  received shipping  email  regarding  the signed  poster. anyone  else not gotten it?
still haven't  received shipping  email  regarding  the signed  poster. anyone  else not gotten it?
hi martin, nope, haven't had anything back.  i've even tried the us publishers, to no avail.  not sure why some companies provide contact links.  will post if i hear anything back, though....
hey rose, they're estimating early may for the dvd/blu-ray release.
hey, john a. would love to know any details you find out about the uk audiobook version. random house haven't replied to me either, audible just give me the usual run around about different markets but failed to give any insight to eta.
http://www.hypable.com/2014/04/17/once-upon-a-time-creators-tease-frozen-crossover/
my poster arrived in germany yesterday.  the only bummers...no special message on the back from ryan, and everything in germany is closed for easter so i can't get it framed for a while.
i may have missed the update but have they posted on when the physical dvds will be mailed out ?
i just wanted to say what an honor it has been to be a part of this kickstarter! i mean besides the fact that we actually got our movie, i have also gotten all my rewards in a timely manner (and regular updates on those rewards!) just a year out from the ending of the kickstarter and we have seen the movie that we paid to have made. i have my 2 t-shirts, my script, my 2 sets of stickers (i backed from two accounts!), my signed, personalized head-shot from jason dohring, my signed movie poster, my digital download (which i downloaded via flixster with no problems, and watch via vudu on my television via my blu-ray), and countless videos and memories of how excited this cast and crew was about the movie! the only thing that i haven't received, yet, is the physical blu-ray, which we should get in may! on top of that, we already have one amazing book. the only thing i could even fathom to ask for from this fandom is more veronica mars, and i hope that we have done enough to get more! thank you, once again, rob thomas, kristen bell, jason dohring, ryan hansen, chris lowell, percy daggs iii, tina majorino, francis capra, rico colantoni, krysten ritter, martin starr, sam huntington, kevin sheridan, max greenfield, daran norris, ken marino, amanda noret, brandon hillock, jerry o'connell, ivan askwith and everyone else! i am still in awe that this actually happened!
does anyone know, is there any way we could pay to upgrade our dvd reward to a bluray?
were the posters insured??
well the usps supposedly delivered my poster on friday but i never got anything :( went to the post office to see if maybe it was being held there, but no luck. guess someone stole it off my porch. super bummed :(
anyone else catch hannah on mad men this past sun? on a separate note, when will the next book be out?  loved tan line!
for uk marshmallows : amazon has for pre-order the complete vm, which includes the 3 tv series available in the uk for the first time with the movie. http://www.amazon.co.uk/veronica-mars-complete-collection-dvd/dp/b00jlbva9y/ref=sr_1_42…
took my poster to a custom framing place and one of the owners saw it "oh i loved that show!" and then another customer, paying for his print, saw it "oh were you one of the backers?" ha ha talked up the whole kickstarter project with both. fun stumbling onto fellow marshmallows.
given all the trouble people seemed to be having with flixster, i decided to wait to redeem my code hoping things would be fixed. a theater near me was playing the movie, so i went to see it on the big screen. (btw, another viewer saw my vm backer shirt and lamented that her husband didn't let her pledge on kickstarter. she said she would never forgive him for making her miss out on the shirt and other rewards.) anyway, the flixster problems are still there. it took all day to download the movie once it was in my account; it kept starting and stopping. i have some other issues as well, but that may just be that i'm new to flixster. regardless, i'm very glad i made a pledge. i will always feel like veronica mars is my movie.
my poster arrived today - end of the tube lost in shipping and water damaged :(
i loved the movie but i love the book even more so and i think you should do a couple of books of the life of v.mars in the ten years we missed and also you need to bring out more books that take place after the last one because they amazing and i can't get enough if it i've already read it 22 times
anyone else having trouble getting refunded for purchasing a download of the movie when the provided download did not work?  i cannot seem to get any response...  i just resubmitted after waiting for 2 weeks with no response.
got a cheap poster frame today from aaron brothers, size 27"x40" for $20.99 before tax (discounted $9.00).  it'll do for now, eventually i'll get the uv glass, wood frame and professional acid free matting done :)
got a nice poster tube in the mail yesterday, was real careful taking it out - everything looks great!  someday hopefully i'll get tina, chris and krysten to add their signatures!
got my poster today! : ) gigantic crease in the middle of the shipping tube. : ( can't even get the poster out of the tube to see it. : ( movie was great! : )
thanks so much brian!! i haven't gotten mine yet and i want to have a poster frame ready!
hey katherine, the poster's 27x40
in regards to the book, the london book fair just happened which is a major event for reading publishing rights so i'm hoping random house were busy with that and the rights have been traded. unless they still don't think anyone cares :(
scott scroll down this page a bit to one of ivan's post and you'll find an email address to contact you should have received it all by now!
just turned on the tv, only to be greeted by jason dohring guest starring on "motive".
has anyone else received none of there kickstarter rewards? i did actually receive the shirt, but i'm missing everything else, including the digital copy!
rob, any news on the uk ebook / audiobook?  i've tried contacting random house / vintage books, but they haven't replied....
poster is gorgeous!  pit it's a little bashed and dented but hopefully if i can get a suitable frame it'll not be noticeable!
hey, anyone who has gotten their poster - can you tell me what size it is? thanks!
the poster was broken :(
poster arrived today :-)
i received my poster today! i can't wait to go buy a frame for it this weekend.
is it possible to resend the digital copy code in an email because i do not believe i received it. thank you.
any word on the actual date the dvds will be shipped? last i heard it was going to be early may. i was kinda hoping it'd be earlier than that in the end.
i got my sign poster today can't wait to get it frame and on wall.
i'm in bc and i got my poster today! thank you so much
i just got my shipping email. i can't wait!
thanks sean. i'm just glad i wasn't the only one who hadn't heard anything. hopefully i will in the next few days.
carrie, if you haven't gotten yours yet i imagine you can expect it soon as it looks like they are still working on shipping them (i'm in the us too).
got my poster shipping email! :)
charlotte, would you mind letting me know the dimensions of the poster? i want to buy a frame this weekend. thanks.
got my poster yesterday! so glad! thanks ;)
carrie, i'm in the u.s. and i got my confirmation email about 20 minutes ago.
sean, i haven't received a shipment notification for my signed poster and i'm located in los angeles. i've been concerned, too. i figure living in the same city mine would have been here by now.
i wonder if there is any way to pay to upgrade from the dvd to the blu-ray.
anyone still waiting for a signed poster shipment notification? just wanting to make sure i'm not the only one who hasn't got one yet :)
got my vdeo from ryan :d just as great as i hoped.
the pdf's came out opening day, check your spam folder. if you have not gotten it, contact support by email [info@theveronicamarsmovie.com]
have the pdf's been sent out? i have not received anything. thanks!
rob - read the book and loved it. looking forward to the next one. ed
just go a e-mail from dhl that my poster is on the way. i live in sweden
anyone know when the cod sales figure might be released or how many paid to watch it vod? just curious as to how that worked out.
i'm pleasantly surprised that the movie is still playing in malco cinemas (tn, ar, ms, ky) for this weekend and the coming week. (some are just afternoon showings, though.) i also checked boxofficemojo: $158k last weekend for a cumulative $3.1m. i think that's a nice result, all things considered.  http://www.boxofficemojo.com/weekend/chart/
what about the book in french? do you'll release the book in many languages or just in english?
so is the rest of the world getting the audible version of the book before the uk? wish i could explain to the bureaucrats why you can no longer carve the world into markets. this is why drm fails. hey rob can i send you the $28 if i happen to find an alternative source.
i was hoping rob would send out a kickstarter update letting people know veronica mars is nominated for favorite character at the mtv movie awards. deadline is sunday. she could use the help because she's way, way, way behind. http://www.mtv.com/ontv/movieawards/2014/favorite-character/
i'm way behind the curve here, but i finally watched the movie tonight after a couple week long marathon of watching the whole series on dvd. that was awesome.  can't wait for the kickstarter for veronica mars 2 :)
has anyone received a shipping confirmation for their signed poster yet? i know they are going to take a couple of weeks to get them all in the mail, but i was just curious to see if anyone received theirs yet. loving the audio book, by the way. i wish kristen could read all of them because she's doing a great job!
so for those of us who are supposed to have the blu-ray shipped to us when will that be? i doubt many of us will want to wait long after the blu-ray is released to get it. we'll want it upon release. here's hoping we'll be able to get our copies close to that time anyway.
an anthology for edgar allan poe lovers, fully illustrated by david g. forés. two years of ravings in a deluxe & limited ed. art book. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/davidgfores/edgar-allan-poe-illustrated-ravings-of-love-and-de
have watched the movie a few times now & am now going back in time watching the series again before my next watching of the movie. can't say enough of how glad i am that a movie has finally been made :) sadly i didn't start watching vm until midway through series 3, but then went & bought the seasons to see it all. fingers crossed that there will be more to come or better yet? a comeback for the series!  p.s 'happy birthday' jason dohring
definitely support it on the big screen chip! good choice. :) i saw it theatrically opening night (traveled 2 hours one way) and then rented it vod the next day. didn't even use my free digital download. if it opened at my regular theater an hour away i'd be there to see it again in a heartbeat. stupid marcus theatres not showing something if it's available on-demand.
i was pretty shocked when i checked my theater listings for the weekend and saw veronica mars would be playing! i thought it would just be at amc theaters, mine is malco. i've already seen it on amazon, but i can't resist what might be my only chance to watch veronica on the big screen. sorry divergent!
if you ever did go the kickstarter route for a sequel one of the rewards should be autographed 8x10's of cast members. that would be awesome. :) hopefully it doesn't resort to having to use kickstarter again though. not that i wouldn't donate again in a heartbeat. but i know it's a ton of extra work and pressure on everyone involved with the movie. was a seriously awesome experience though being a backer and following the project every step of the way. i loved getting updates. the movie was superb and everything i was hoping it would be. our money was certainly well-spent. :) thanks again rob, kristen, and everyone who made this project possible. more veronica mars was a total dream come true. and i hope this won't be the last we'll see of kristen in the role she was born to play.
@miriam the closest i could find was the amc southpoint 17 in durham
if veronica mars is showing in greensboro, nc this weekend, i can't find out where. anyone know?
i'm a big audio book nerd. i think i listen to around 50 a year. but i refuse to install some crappy third-party software, just to listen to something i acctually bought. get a drm-free alternative please!
just received my book! thanks for everything rob and co! fyi, chris lowell (piz) has a new kickstarter campaign for his film project. off to a great start! donated $100, ironically more than my original vm donation, lol.
yeah, monterey! makes my weekend!
when are we getting a vinnie van lowe movie/book?????
loved both the movie and book. somehow, book was even better. please check out my review: http://www.examiner.com/review/the-veronica-mars-story-continues-first-of-new-book-series
hi, putting stranger danger aside- my friends are all really super uncool and aren't into vmars, long story short, i have no one to gush about the new movie and book. talking to myself gets boring. anyone living in the queens, ny area wanna meet in a public place and discuss? or rather i'm on skype angstgurl_87 send me a message.
today is the last day it's in many theaters (although it will continue in some and expand to a few new ones at the same time)! let's make it a huge showing and try to get it as close to the opening friday night!
@michelle smith, that bothered me too!  i think he really didn't remember.  i guess in theory veronica could have told him about it later, but that seems like a weird conversation...
finished the book! i can't wait until the next book comes out! it was so good and had so many surprises!
so i got my copy of the book earlier today, the only complaint i have is the mailman bent part of my cover :( but i'm totally excited to sit down and read this.
i wanted to say that i had been highly upset when i discovered that the digital download was going to be flixster. but you guys really took the time to make things right. i received my refund for purchasing the movie via amazon streaming. so to further support the movie i also purchased the dvd. thank you for being stand up people. i apologize for the things i said when i was upset. thank you.
i got the audiobook on audible.com, using my german account details. there are books which are not available to costumers with foreign cc, but this wasn't the case. even better: the first book you want with a new audible account is free. :)
naomi i think a lot of us would rather acquire it without pretending to be american or breaching itunes terms of service. we really shouldn't have to pretend to be american to get it
for those people out of the us who want to get it create a us itunes account (google how) and you can down load it. im from aust and thats what i did and im reading it now!!
the book is available in germany as ebook via amazon (kindle) and the audio book via audible. the actual book was not available on amazon on the day of the release, but is in stock now. so that's a good thing. @richard strong i too did not receive the script yet but i have a ticket with support. seems to be a problem with getting the script for them with the actual watermark of the name of the backer. they told me to wait a few days but that was like a week ago. in theory there should be a link for everybody that was sent out, so it should be possible to send that link out to the people who did not get the link and ask the service. but i guess there are more problems. i think you should contact them, then maybe they get it sorted out. ;)
they should release the audio book on an actual disc. that would be cool. :)
just went to buy the book on kindle but its not available in new zealand :(
so, my question is...what now? seriously, i've been checking in on this project almost daily since it launched. reading the emails. getting excited. but now it's done... i'm not ready for this to end!
can the book please be made available in the uk??? i need to know what happens next asap!
why isn't the novel's ebook available for purchase in other countries other than the us?! it's so frustrating and unfair!
i never did receive a copy of the script as promised. i wonder what happened to that.
the alamo drafthouse in kalamazoo, michigan just announced it'll have the vm movie this weekend!  looks like it's expanding quite a bit.  good news.
veronica mars is coming to the bijou by the bay in traverse city, mi! http://www.statetheatretc.org/schedule/#veronica
j'aimera acheter le livre et je voudrais savoir si il sera traduit en français et quand. merci
it was a great movie; but, if there is a sequel and jason has to wear 'formal' attire again, he should get some fashion tips from his friend john jackson.  if you have seen the arrival scene, you know what i'm talking about.
i was totally happy with the movie. well done.
stefan i feel your pain.  it's a textbook example of why drm does not work. it is preventing you from watching on your platform of choice, legitimately [you paid for it]. yet it clearly has not stopped the pirates from sharing the movie, as it is easily obtainable from various illegitimate sources.
after ten days of interacting with the flixster and veronicamarsmovie.com support, the only option left for me seems to get back $10 of the $45 i pledged. which i don't want. neither i nor the customer support knows any platform where i can legally get/buy the movie digitally with ubuntu as my pc operating system and germany or austria as my country of residenze.  the only way to watch the movie, that i know of, is to ilegally download it via a torrent site. would take 10min and get a hd version that i can watch everywhere. it's kind of sad.
finally saw the movie from the flixter download. amaze-balls! glad i contributed to this project. it made me smile just watching it. good stuff. hoping to catch it on the big screen later this week. too bad it's not playing in any close theaters near me.
this may have been asked, but just to be clear... did logan lie in "look who's stalking," when he claimed that he was too drunk to remember what he had said to veronica at the alterna-prom?
@anthony -- sorry for not responding sooner, but yes: just download the movie from whatever service works best for you, and forward the receipt to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com. our customer support team can then issue a refund for the full cost you paid for the download!
a sequel or netflix series needs to happen :). i'm curious as to how the numbers will be calculated. it's a lot different when you only have the film in theaters, but vm's also out on itunes and of course the backers already have purchased the digital download for the film so i'd say a $2.5 mill haul atm in 8 days is not so bad. and also, got to be a positive sign with wb distributing the film into more theaters.
just got to watch the movie... gotta say it was brilliant, will be happy to throw in my money up front for the sequel... though i'd suggest offering other download options, even if it means waiting, make it easier on yourselves next time with the distribution... but definitely needs a sequel, keep veronica going! best of luck to anyone still waiting on seeing it, i'm sure it will get sorted & it's worth the wait.
hmmm veronica mars down 86% compared to last week. man i hope this makes enough for sequels or netflix. but i guess that is to be expected with the unprecedented digital downloads/streaming/on demand made available at the same time as the theatrical release. that's got to have hit the box office really hard. i assume they will also count all the pledge money that was designated for digital copies/dvd/blu-ray too when they look at the big picture. anyway, it couldn't hurt if everyone runs out today/tomorrow and gives it another theatrical viewing though (and let's face it, on the big screen with an audience is way better than on your tv).
any idea on when the movie will be available to buy as digital download in germany? it didn't play in a cinema near from me, so i wanted to buy the digital download which i thought would be released worldwide at the same time. it's not available on any of the local platforms yet. i'm really looking forward to finally seeing this movie so i hope it becomes available soon and hopefully with the original english soundtrack and not just in a dupped version.
ok. so i am supposed to buy it in itunes and forward the receipt to an email listed in the comments section for a refund?
eric foo: try contacting ivan "ivanovitch" you can find his email below if you scroll down a bit. he's been pretty good at taking care of us when things don't work out.
when will backers get the pdf of the shooting script? i never received the original digital download email and i had to contact info@theveronicamarsmovie.com  to get it resent, unfortunately, i keep inquiring about the pdf of the shooting script with no response. anyone else having this problem? who can help?
anthony v:  solutions were posted here 3 days ago and have already scrolled off the bottom. the quickest way to find the info now is to scroll down to the bottom of this page and press the "show older comments" button, then search the page for "subject". read that comment and the longer one below it. they really seem to be trying hard to make people happy, far beyond the "digital version available through flixster" reward the project listed in the description since day one.  hth.
reading other comments... let me see if i have this right... i have still not seen the movie i was hoping to watch opening day. now, much later, i have to buy the movie again to see it in hd on my apple tv? or wait until someone at wb or whatever support decides to actually provide me with a crappy sd version i have to play in flixter on my phone??? is that what my reward is?
if you link your flixster acct, your ultraviolet account and your best buy cinemanow acct, your veronica mars movie download will be viewable within the cinemanow app. the big benefit of this is that the cinemanow app is available on more systems (ps3, et cetera).  hope this helps some folks out
saw it here in the uk, at the cinema, 4 days ago, for my 21st birthday. what a present!  it was everything i wanted it to be and more. you've made an incredible movie for fans as well as a great film for first time visitors to neptune. thank you so much to everyone involved. this show meant so much to a lot of people and this is the icing on the cake.
the movie was awesome!!! loved the ending!! team logan all the way!!! keeping my fingers crossed for a sequel!
it feels like 99 days since the movie was released to the public and the backers but i am disappointed to say that i have yet to receive my digital download. this despite completing the questionnaire, and a full interaction with the folks at the other end of the support email who assured me it would be squared away promptly. i'd like to be offering accolades, but instead it's just another weekend without vm. maybe someday...
this is a long overdue standing ovation.  thank you to everyone involved so much for a great film.  and for the record we brought a veronica mars newbie with us.  he knew nothing about the 'verse' and he loved it.  so to the new audiences who came and said it was too fan focused - i know at least one person new to the characters who followed along just fine.
travelled to london to see the film last week with other marshmallows. great fun seeing it in a cinema.  interested to see that neptune seems to be turning into a den of vice rather than vice just finding veronica. have to admits i am worried about weevil returning to the bikers having turned away from that.  he needs a little chat with keith i think.  thank you! definitely worth the wait. and now we have the dvd and extra s to look forward to :)
i received the movie at 11am last friday but decided to wait until that night to go see it for the first time in theater, i was not disappointed. the movie was great and so glad we got to see what everyone had been up to since the show ended. best $50 i've spent. please make another movie and i can't wait to read the books
@ivanovitch - oh!  thank you. that's fantastic! (sorry it took so long to reply, i just saw that you had given me an answer *lol*)
@niqui: just contact customer support - info@theveronicamarsmovie.com - and let them know you need to change your address. they'll let you know if they need additional information, and you'll be all set!
hi!  does anyone know how we can update our mailing address for the final rewards?  i am moving this weekend.  thanks!
ivanovitch: thank you for the offer, but all i want is for the project to look into using amazon instant or netflix streaming for the sequel, or alternately to allow a standard non-drm download. i expect if i want to show it to someone before my dvd arrives, i can probably pirate a clean copy, which is what usually happens when drm gets in the way of a good viewing experience. :p thanks again for a great movie, guys!
i loved the movie. i can't even describe my feelings--past just saying that i was crying through the whole thing..........i do however, feel upset that some of the questions i was promised would be answered in the film, were not. who won the sheriff race back in the end of season 3? vinnie or keith? why, when in season 2 all veronica says is that she needs to get out of neptune, do we find her in the beginning of season 3 at hearst? i hope wb will approve a sequel, if only so that the only thing i felt uncomfortable with in the movie can be explained: why did weivel get back with the biker gang at the end? he was out for 10 years. he has a little kid. i know he got screwed over by the police, but that's also pretty much been his entire narrative throughout the series.....i wish i had answers.
i'm hoping for a backer update today, if only for some sense of how well the movie did in its first week (box office and digital sales). i notice amc is continuing showings for week #2, so that seems like a good sign. (plus, tennessee/malco cinemas have announced to show it for a week starting march 28. don't miss it! invite friends! :-)
chris: try emailing ivan "ivanovitch" and explain what happened, i'm sure he can help you out. his email is: veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com
is anyone else having a terrible time with wb support?  i had to email them 4 times before a ticket was finally opened, and then i sent them my amazon receipt as requested, and they keep rejecting my solution.
would really love to hear some kind of streaming numbers. hope it has done well.
sadly i can't edit my previous comment, because i had one more thing to add.  an amusing theatre viewing anecdote. as i stated, the theatre was sold out.  moments before the lights dimmed, a couple walked into the theatre and were forced to sit in the front row, and in doing so passed by my chair.   the guy was saying, loudly enough for several of us to hear, "i honestly thought we'd be the only ones here."  the woman turned on him with anger written all over her face and hissed "i will never forgive you for this." lesson here...don't get between a marshmallow and her movie :)
this whole year, as a backer, has been very interesting and exciting.  i paid to see the movie in the theatre, for the experience, and am so happy i did.  being in a theatre full of marshmallows (and it was packed here in halifax, ns....sold out no seats left packed) and getting to feel and hear the crowd reactions was fantastic.  this was a movie for the fans, for better or worse (imo for the better...but i"ve followed the reviews with interest). i'm glad others here have pointed out that as a backer it wasn't just about getting to see the movie.  it really was about being part of something bigger:  getting the kickstarter campaign to its goal, getting the updates and messages from rob and the cast,  following along with the events and milestones throughout the year.  more than just seeing a preview and thinking 'hey that movie will be out in march'  i got a 'backer's-eye-view' of the progress and the build up really made watching the movie all the better, in my opinion. i've been amused by the press that has been out there since the release.  one review criticized the movie for 'the annoying voice overs'.  obviously not a marshmallow.  veronica's witty asides were always one of my favourite parts of the show.  other reviews have commented on how they seemed to be trying to put too many of the actors into the show.  i was very happy to see them.  as happy as i was to be a backer and be involved, i can only imagine as an actor how great it must have been to be able to revisit the mars-verse as well. my glee at the end...(not to spoil it...lol) i went in expecting everything to be wrapped up, finally, only to walk away with the hope of more.  sequels.  a netflix season or 4.  even the aforementioned (here in the comments) sherlock-style seaons of 3 episodes  (or  8  or 10.  or 20.  i'm not picky) would be grand.  i've preordered the thousand dollar tan line, and can't wait for more veronica the future.  if they want a backer.  i am in.
thank you for fighting to make this movie.  i will always be interested in what veronica  gets into next.  i loved her monologue at the end....so true to character and why i fell in love with the show in the beginning!  weevil getting on his bike at then end was heartbreaking, i hope his story shows up in the book when it's released next week.  logan in the military, i would have never guessed, but it fits. wallace and mac just feel into their roles too.  but mac at kane software, such a tease considering the ending of season 3. watching the movie in a full house movie theatre in saskatoon tonight was an amazing experience.  thank you again for pursuing the renewal of veronica mars :-)
isn't it comedic to see veronica mars watch on itunes on the kickstarer front page?
i have not heard back from support since this message 2 days ago:     'we will begin processing your selection and be in touch soon to provide you a status update' i know that support are working towards fixing this, so i will remain patient for the time being. it would be nice to hear if anyone has received their refund after purchasing off itunes, google play, or amazon...
@britt: what email address have you been sending to? customer support is at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com. if that's not working, send it to me at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, and i'll pass it along for you. :)
hi.  not sure if this is were i should be posting this or not but i've had problems with the flixster download and have sent to e-mails to the e-mail provided about it and both have bounced back after a couple of days.  is there a different e-mail address i can use or a phone number i can call?  thanks! p.s. loved the movie!!!!!
emily - i just wanted to say thank you!  thank you for the movie, thank you for going through the hassle of letting us use amazon and thank you for helping me submit my receipt.  i posted two days ago that i was having trouble getting the e-mail to go through and you replied to my e-mail and said that you would help.  i just checked my credit card today and the purchase price was refunded. thanks for making that happen so fast!
just coming on to say hi! i used to post quite often on here but i had my account locked. it has been 8 months but i am finally back! and happy to be able to talk to fellow marshmallows!!
100 euro for the train , 115 euro for the hotel 16.50 for the tickets. seeing veronica mars on the silver screen with my younger sister in a theater full of fellow marshmellows priceless!!! thankyou so much.
i would like to see that the backers who had problems with downloads/flixter etc will check back in and let us know that it worked out ok for them in the end. i'd hate to think there are people out there that have had their experience soured, but would also love to hear their thoughts on the actual movie once they have access.
once again i just want to say thank you so much!! this whole process has just been incredible, honestly the updates/behind the scenes were a event in themselves and i'm so unbelievably happy to have been apart of this!! at this point i have now seen the movie so many times i lost count!  everyone i know that saw the movie absolutely loved it too. it was so amazing seeing it on the big screen, i still can't believe it was just last year this started and now it's back!  the veronica mars movie (i love saying that) exceeded my expectations and got me hooked all over again. i hope we get more veronica mars in the years to come because you guys deserve it so much!!
rob, kristen, marshmallows, kickstarter backers and everyone involved.....thank you!  the movie rocked!!!!   not much else to say than it has us wanting more....again.  it was so great!  and thank you for making it available in different ways immediately.  we didn't have a theater close so we watched it on demand last night.  thank you again and here is to many more.
i am so incredibly grateful for this campaign. and, seriously, i can't believe that less than a year after the kickstarter campaign ended, we have a veronica mars movie! it's amazing. i love it i love it i love it! that said, i have a macbook pro and flixster seems to hate my browser. i couldn't download the movie. (or, more specifically, i couldn't download the flixster "mac app." until, i switched from google chrome to safari! so, if anyone else is having issues with a mac/chrome combo, i highly suggest switching to safari. the flixster app download was quick and easy! and now i'm re-re-rewatching the movie!! :)
once again  i want to extend a huge thank you to ivan and the whole veronica mars support team. the delivery on this kickstarter is unprecedented, and i know you all are working extra hard to fix any problems. personally i'm holding off on my download for a week [i was able to see it in the theater], just to avoid putting any extra load on the already crushing support load you have. -- i'll be asking for an itunes refund when i do. i might suggest that anyone that can wait a bit do so (because you've seen it already, or otherwise), so that those that have no other option can get served first [in a timely manner]. 91,000+ of us all wanted to get this movie made, and i'm pretty sure almost all of us want to see the result.
@richard: sincerely sorry to hear that it didn't work well -- if you drop me an email at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, we'll do what we can to make it up to you.
just had a chance to sit down and watch my download on flixster. really enjoyed the movie, but i'm glad i'll have a dvd coming. there were sound issues that plagued the download through the entire movie, little pops or stutters at least once a minute. i might have expected that if i'd used the streaming option, but on a download? my flixster experience was certainly less than stellar, so i'll say "thanks for all your hard work and devotion, loved the movie! i recommend never using the flixster service again!"
(also, eric: not challenging what you're saying at all, but for what it's worth... backer rewards for most campaigns don't have 65,000+ people all expecting to receive their rewards in the same 24 hour period. the delays from our customer support are simply because of the number of requests they're working through. i know they've been staying late and arriving early, because we all want to fix this for you asap.)
@christina: http://www.theveronicamarsmovie.com/faq should have you covered. :)
@eric -- very sorry for your frustration. we have no real control over flixster's customer support, so we've been asking everyone to contact ours at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com for help. if you already reached out to them, let me know, and i'll do what i can to make sure we get you an answer tonight! @nancy -- have you contacted the vm support team yet, or just flixster? drop me a note at veronicamars@robthomasprodutions.com and let me know, and i'll try to help. :)
did not want to this here bu im having the same problem  "nancy smith mitchell" im still waiting for the download. i havent seen the movie yet and its really annoying not having any good help from flixster. telling me i would have news in 48 hours. 48 hours later i contact them they didn't create a "ticket", and the redirect me to another help specifically for this kickstarter and i have to wait another 48hrs. and still no news from that place either. i had less problem receiving backer rewards from "regular" people.
ack, help!   who do i contact to update my mailing address for my remaining rewards? i still have rewards coming, and we're in the process of moving (like..next month!!!) i seriously can't be missing out on the poster and dvd/bluray combo that i am waiting on! heeeelp!
@ivanovitch thank you for the update :)
@nancy: i'll follow up with them and see what happened, and try to get you an answer asap. @klaus: i just checked with them, and asked them to follow up and let you know how long it might take. i know the scripts are a little trickier to re-send, because they have personalized watermarks with your name on them, just like the ones the cast and crew all had. but it shouldn't be too much longer!
still waiting for download .... finally got a reply from "info," i replied promptly with the required info, and now nada.  patience gone and annoyance setting in.
@ivanovitch any news about the script? i did not receive mine and wrote to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com. they were able to get me a download code for the movie via flixter and they said to wait for the script, they were looking into that. haven't heard anything new in three days.
the movie was perfection-thank you rob! after seeing it in the theater, i've already watched my digital copy twice-it just keeps getting better! so excited for the book to come out next week and for whatever form we get veronica in after that. i am so happy to have been a part of such an amazing project.
can i just say that i'm thrilled that there are subtitles for the movie? most people don't think about this, but it really makes a difference to those who depend on them. thank you! i enjoyed the movie, and am excited about the possibility that there may be another one...
i loved the movie! it made me miss veronica mars even more. to think that the series even got cancelled in the first place makes me sad. maybe it was too intellectual for some people, who just want to watch mindless t.v. and not think. but i loved the twist in the movie and the appearances of all of the characters. honestly, it never seemed forced at all...everything was perfect and flowed beautifully and all of the characters were perfect. i want to watch it again on the big screen! thank you rob, kristen, everyone!
@tina don't be so pessimistic about the effect this might have with wb. ultraviolet is a vulnerable technology. it's never taken off the way they wanted. they've harvested users by packaging uv content with other products, but few of those users use the service regularly, which is part of why they're so insistent on forcing people into it. drm is also vulnerable. even apple dropped drm on music, choosing instead to go with a tiered pricing model. they understood the drm wasn't stopping anyone from pirating the music and wasn't even effectively tying them to apple products. so they made the smart move of trading drm for slightly higher prices and quality. also, drm-free downloads of independent films and specials have been wildly successful.
so warner allows those who have technical problems with the download to use itunes and refund the money for this. looks like a good solution to me.
i sent an email to vm support yesterday, and received the 3 choices email. replied with a google play receipt. today i received the response below. as dissappointed as i am, i appreciate the lengths that ivan & the team are going through to sort this out for us. ###### dear damien, thanks for your response and for making a selection for one of our options. we will begin processing your selection and be in touch soon to provide you a status update. we hope you enjoy the movie and thanks again for all of your support! best, - veronica mars customer support http://theveronicamarsmovie.com/faq/
overall i've been super impressed with the entire campaign and i had a great time seeing the movie.  thanks to everyone involved who made this so worth it, from the updates to the twitter and instagram streams to -- of course -- the movie itself.  money very well spent.  more, please! my lone bit of dissatisfaction with anything is that the download is sd-quality only.  of course flixster/uv are lousy platforms, but they were always going to be part of the process so i dealt with that disappointment a long time ago.  but finding out we only get a standard-def copy of the movie is a real bummer.  wb is entitled to make backers use its corporate distribution platform, but they can't even show us the respect of providing an hd copy of the movie?  that's low. other than that, this has been a first-class experience end-to-end.  i've thoroughly enjoyed being a part of it.
loved, loved, loved the movie. of course the distribution method was rubbish and had to torrent the file, but that saved you having to refund my buying it through xbox live - so we all win, right? would love to do this all again.
i wanted to share this article which makes a very interesting comparison between veronica's opening weekend and the decision to screen that dr. who episode in november.  http://www.techhive.com/article/2108505/does-veronica-mars-success-show-movie-theaters-arent-doomed.html. they will be talking about veronica mars for years to come.  hope they notice it was a great story, as well as an experiment in "boutique" films.
@eric: working on that as we speak, and customer support has also been informing everyone who gets in touch about their options... but if you drop me a quick email at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, i'll get back to you asap with the full details. @brooks: same as above -- we want to make sure you get a version that you prefer to flixster, so please drop us an email at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com. we totally share your frustration, but we hope that we'll still be able to make it up to backers who have had a poor experience. i'd also really like to hear any thoughts you're willing to share about the new model of production you were hoping to support, and where you think it could have worked better over the past year.
ultraviolet?  on the humanity!  as a producer myself, i really hope warner brothers and the other big studios learn from this experience and abandon all these crazy drm streaming schemes.  they don't prevent anyone from pirating anything.  they just inconvenience and piss off the people who actually pay.  those are our customers and we need them. anyway, i'm trying to figure out what my options are to get my digital download.  an amazon or itunes download would be fine.  is there any official webpage anywhere that directly addresses the solutions being offered and spells out exactly what to do?  reading through all the comments is wonderful but the information is all fragmented and some of it seems dubious.  or maybe you could send all the kickstarter backers an email with the correct information? thanks!
just to throw my hat into the ring. i also was never able to access the movie from flixster. i am disappointed and unfortuanly not overly surprised. i supported this kickstarter in large part because i wanted to help support a new model of production, but ultimately feel that has failed miserably.
@tammy -- everything i've seen so far is public, so you might have seen it too! i think it might be a little while before we start to know what the results mean, or have an idea of what's going to happen next, but rob will definitely keep everyone posted!
@ivanovitch -- are there any updated stats you can share?  total box office opening weekend, # of downloads on various platforms?  we'd like to know how well the movie did, too.
just wanted to say how much my son and i enjoyed the movie! kudos to rob & everyone. as for those posts i've read about having problems with the dl of the digital copy we (my son and i) had no problems what so ever, though he did say he had a problem getting the app for the computer. so we just used our kindle.
@harold: there is no fine print on the offer, to the best of my knowledge. we know that a number of our backers are dissatisfied, and we're attempting to make it right, as quickly as possible, because that's not an outcome we feel good about. having you download the movie from your preferred service and then refunding you with a receipt is a lot faster than trying to acquire download codes, and we want to get this fixed asap. that's really all there is to it. also, i'm genuinely sorry if you feel that you've been chastised or called negligent. at best, i think rob's intent might have been to address an inaccurate claim that's been made, not to direct blame anywhere. the larger point is that we do want you to have copies on whatever platform works best for you. if you've got further questions about this, you're welcome to email me at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com. put my name in the subject line, and i'll respond as soon as i can.
the complete response from warner bros. at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com is as below. now, all i need is one example of someone who actually received a refund. this is a situation where promises are made and are not kept (or delayed from being fulfilled). i now have a promise from the corporate sponsor. i need one example of this promise being fulfilled. a "solution rejected" email is not fulfillment; that is a continued unfulfilled promise. has anyone received the promised refund when purchasing from amazon or itunes? anyone? i do not need placation efforts. i need promise fulfillment. @ivanovitch: i need to know all of the fine print associated with the options that warner bros. is stating below - e.g., limits for dollar amount, vendors, time of day, etc. if only a purchase made on a thursday between 3:00am and 4:00am est is allowed to be refunded, i need to know that right now. "rob thomas" is a fan of referring us to his fine print and buried details. i surrender to the fact that this is the game that is played here and that i am stuck in it, but i am explicitly asking for all of the fine print associated with the information in the email text below to be disclosed to us now - or at least tell us where it is so that it can be read. i am not in the mood for another chastising post from "rob thomas" telling me how negligent i am for not reading all of his fine print. ----- dear kickstarter backer, thanks for getting in touch! if you're contacting us about your digital download of veronica mars, we apologize for whatever difficulties you've experienced. right now, we want to make sure that you have a great experience, and are able to watch your movie as soon as possible, so here are the options: option 1 if you want to download veronica mars through flixster, and just need help with technical issues, let us know the problem. we'll do our best to help asap. option 2 if you prefer to download veronica mars through another service (such as itunes or amazon), go ahead and get it right now! then, email us the receipt for your purchase, and we'll refund the full amount that you paid*. (or, if you already purchased it somewhere else, send us that receipt.) option 3 we can give you a $10 refund* -- the amount of your kickstarter pledge that was used for the digital download. *all refunds will be handled through amazon payments, and could take about a week to show up on your card, but we'll get the process started immediately. most importantly, thank you for being a backer on this project. if you haven't watched the movie yet, you'll be able to soon -- and when you do, we hope you'll be proud that you made it possible! best, - veronica mars customer support http://theveronicamarsmovie.com/faq/
i just sent an e-mail to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com and veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com.  i sent two e-mails (from two e-mail accounts) to the info@ address and have not received any kind of response, except hotmail telling me that the delivery has been delayed.  i just send my 3rd e-mail to both addresses and it includes my receipt for my amazon purchase of the movie. thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to help fund the movie and for allowing us to buy and get reimbursed so we could keep the movie on our choice of platform.  i am very much looking forward to watching it tonight!
can we get an update on vod sales, and the chances of a 2nd film? or... mini series?
just wanted to leave a comment about how horrible and unusable flixster is. all i wanted to do was stream the movie on my tv. not my ipad or phone or computer. the only game console that had flixster was xbox, and you have to be subscribed to their service to use it. so my option was run chromecast to stream to my tv. way too choppy to enjoy. so i guess i'll just have to pay another 8 dollars to buy it ondemand. what a horrible choice to use flixster. i understand they want to make it available to everyone but how about multiple choices so people who can use itune/amazon/any normal streaming system does so and people who (forever horrible reason) only have access to flixster can try to use them?
@laura, it makes me sad to see all the negative press too, but a lot of people on here don't care.  they just want to be heard by the wb or whatever, we will see if this is a smart idea but in my experience with pr and large corporations, it's not.  hopefully we get a sequel or a netflix series but at this rate, not holding my breath.
@ivanovitch i think telling wb is key, since they're really the ones causing the issues here. i don't believe for a second that flixster is the only option that could get the film out to everybody, but instead the only option that could do it and is supported by the studio. i don't expect that rob, who is by all accounts a nice guy, would want to hamper the fans in any way. wb, of course, don't care, but they need to understand that forcing people to use their junky, drm-laden streaming is counterproductive. they already have our money. we told them with our wallets that we aren't going to run off and grab the film from a torrent. and the folks that were going to pirate it are already doing so, regardless of the drm. all they're doing is irritating fans and making us less likely to support them in the future.
i want to just give a big shout out to everyone who worked on this film. i know it was a huge labor of love and don't think it was lost on me. i was afraid that my semester abroad in london would prevent me from seeing the movie, so thanks so much for getting it here. i walked out of the theater with my friend sobbing (all good things, i promise). i am going back to see it again this week. i also had problems with my flixter but i assume it will be fixed over time. i understand everyone's frustration, particularly the people who don't have access to a theater. but it makes me so sad to see all the negative press. thank you so much to everyone for making my dream came true. it got me back in contact with friends i haven't talked to in years. rob, you in particular deserve a big round of applause. i know you have been working non-stop for a year straight. to all the actors and crew who donated their time, it would not have been the same without you. thanks so much <3
i loved the movie- everything i hoped for and more. the cameos made my day. thanks for all the hard work!
@larry: i'll leave the question of whether to accept the refund up to you -- whatever you feel best about! -- but please know it's available. and i will absolutely forward all of the messages about this issue to warner bros, to make sure that our backers' feelings have been heard. :) thanks for taking the time to write about it.
@ivanovitch: thanks! my thought was to rent or buy from itunes & put in for a refund, to at least create a bit of aggravation for wb, and i may yet do that. however, my disappointment  eased when i learned that the movie will be in nashville in a couple weeks, so it will be possible to see it in a theater -- better than my tv :-) what you can do to make things right is to forward this to someone in authority at the movie studio. i really would hope this can be a "teachable moment" for them. a thought experiment: what if patrons at a movie theatre had to jump through such hoops to go see a film? what if going to the movies was the same experience as airport security? sounds ridiculous, but apparently studio execs fail to see the absurdity when it comes to tech. wb (and presumably the other studios) would do well to wake up and notice that apple and amazon are doing just fine, with reasonable prices and a ridiculously simple buying experience -- that's apparently all they need to beat piracy. thanks for listening :-)
hmm looks like the blu-ray on amazon is blu-ray only + ultraviolet. wonder if the blu-ray dvd combo pack will be a backer exclusive? i'd be down for that, with a cool backer exclusive slipcover :p
i'm strugging a bit to even access the link - when i use the flixter web address provided going through explorer and chrome browsers i get a security certificate error that i can't clear - internet connection is hardwired - the strange thing is that i can access fiixter on my wireless tablet - but that version tells me i have to create an account on the pc first - can anyone offer any suggestions that may help? thanks!
that was my first instinct, but a friend thought that the studio might make more money off of the vod, since theaters take such a huge cut of ticket sales.
@lori, i'm pretty sure right now, in the first week, is theatre and because they allowed it vod and rental sales to get us a sequel.  later they will look at how many dvds/blurays were sold.
loved the movie. so worth my investment. :) if i wanted to do something else to support a possible second film, is it a better use of money to buy tickets in a theater, or to buy a second copy of the movie from an outlet like amazon or itunes? i want to send a message to wb...but i want to send that message in the channel that matters most. :)
i followed the original instructions about purchasing a copy from amazon vod and forwarded the receipt to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com. the only response i have received has been for them to forward my email back to me with the subject line changed to "solution rejected." i do not know what this means and i don't know if i'm going to get refunded or not. i have backed a number of projects on here and i have never regretted it until now. i'm glad the move got made; i just wish i could have paid for it after release instead of becoming a "backer" and jumping through all these unnecessary hoops.
good opening for vm in the uk: despite being available on vod, the big screen return of veronica mars (courtesy of kickstarter) enjoyed a healthy uk bow of $55,000 (£33,000) from its 11 sites through warner bros.
aussie marshmallow here. although it took me 4 attempts  to get flixster to work, it eventually did, but by the time i then downloaded the movie, it was 11.30 at night. i decided to watch a few minutes just to make sure the download worked properly and that the quality was ok - and ended up going to bed at 1.30am. totally suckered in. clearly, that means a job well done!!! (but to those fans who are still having trouble getting your download to work, i totally feel your pain. it was very frustrating for a while, but the movie makes up for it)  :)
i sent my request in on friday and got my code on sunday night germany time. my problem registering with flixster solved itself, it seems you cannot use special characters in the password. it does not show an error message, but the registering won't work. well, it is not my prefered solution, but for me it worked and it's okay until i get my blu ray. the experience in the cinema was awesome, worth driving over 100 km to a city in which they showed the movie in the english version. thank you very much for the experience and the movie, i keep my fingers crossed that enough money is made so there's another film or mini series in the future beside the books.
@kellen: the shirt should have come way before now -- they were sent out last fall -- so if you haven't received yours, it means we're having trouble getting it to you. drop me an email at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com and we'll help get it sent out asap! @aaron: the response time will speed up again over the next 24-48 hours, as customer support finishes working through the high volume of tickets that have come in since friday. but if you want to email me -- again, veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com -- i'll do my best to help get you a faster resolution.
how long should i wait for an email from info@theveronicamarsmovie.com? i got the auto-reply one, but it didn't help. i didn't get any code email, and i really want to see the movie.
hmmm what kickstarter needs is an faq menu option.  this might well have been answered somewhere in the 22k comments but... is the tshirt still coming?
@larry -- drop me an email at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com? would like to do what we can to make things right for anyone who isn't happy with the download, even if we can't take back the disappointment you've felt.
i was sad and disappointed that the download process was such a mess and that i can't actually watch the movie on my tv -- i'd been looking forward to it as the culmination of the happy experience this project has been. so, it left a sour taste. that said, i'm still glad i became a $50 backer and i'm delighted that the project succeeded and that we have, apparently, an excellent movie that's also doing well at the box office. i didn't sign up just for the perks -- to paraphrase a previous commenter, for me it's not about the money, it's about expectations. like some others, i apparently missed the fine print about flixster, and in any event wouldn't have known at the time that uv/flixster would be such a dud. so i hope this is  a wake-up call for wb  --- guys, you're shooting yourselves in both feet trying to cling to drm with such a weak service.
@rob and @ivan - i'm not as mad as harold but i didn't get my code on 3/14 either and two emails to the info@veronicamarsmovie.com haven't even gotten a single reply! please help! i'll email you separately as well...thanks!
"http://www.rafflecopter.com/rafl/display/0736761/"  last chance to enter.
harold: send me an email at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, and i'll make sure we help fix whatever problems are left within the hour.
the info@theveronicamarsmovie.com email address is a black hole. you send an email, you get an auto-reply written by the same person who writes rob thomas's updates (e.g., the language is a verbatim excerpt of "rob's" last update), and then... nothing. i need the reassurance of a written actionable statement from a corporate representative, because i do not place much value in promises made around here anymore. for example, has anyone actually been refunded the amount that they paid for the film on amazon or itunes? has anyone received anything other than the auto-reply? i'm interested in salvaging whatever rapidly diminshing value remaining from this annoying experience. we used to be virtual friends, but now i'm just interested in receiving the value for which i paid and permanently going our separate ways. it is disappointing that the technology to take my money works flawlessly whereas the technology to deliver the value for which i paid either does not or is nonexistent.
still a marshmallow. still happy i backed the project. still think it was a great experience.  i really hope some of the frustration will fade from those who had or are still having issues with the download.
@ivan: i already did a couple of hours ago; will send again now. thanks!
(sigh. still ivan, not rob. sorry, everyone. too many windows open.)
michael -- yessir. send me an email at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, and i'll make sure we help solve it for you within the hour.
@ivan: i've sent emails since friday to customer support as well as to the other email mentioned here before. no reply, no movie code (or other items for that matter), and no viewing alternative i can use either (cinema/vod not an option for backers in this region; and itunes/amazon say "sorry, geographical restrictions"). suggestions?
(sorry, this is ivan again. still answering messages sent to us through rob's account!)
@mark: you're welcome. (and thanks for the kind words.) we've known there would be some bumps and learning curves: with something this big and unusual, it was inevitable. we'll keep doing our best, and if we make mistakes or there are problems, we'll do our best to own them, and to try and fix them.
thanks ivan, for the constant interaction and support, i know it can't be easy. this is a little bump, i'm sure we'll survive :)
@brent -- signed posters haven't gone out just yet. we should be sending them out soon. rob will let everyone know in an update when they start shipping, but the signatures (i think) are from: rob, kristen, jason, enrico, percy, ryan and francis. @everyone -- a few quick notes, because we really do love you guys, and hate seeing people arguing. this was a community. we don't want to let that get disrupted over technical errors and drm disputes. so: 1) if you're upset or need help, please contact our customer support -- not flixster's -- at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com. they'll be able to help fix whatever's still wrong. 2) if you want to complain about it, you can. we understand. we're still doing our best to address all of your concerns, because we want this to be the best overall experience possible for everyone. 3) we don't want you to feel that you're hurting the movie -- or the possibility for sequels -- if you choose to accept a refund. for everyone discouraging others from taking it, please don't worry. it'll be alright. :) the most important thing is that, wherever possible, you all feel respected, valued, and taken care of. thanks, guys.
so to anyone who has gotten the poster: who signed it?
i can understand your feelings mjp and you are entitled to them. i just don't want your sentiment to be the only one out there. i want it known there are others feelings out there, ones like mine.
"i backed to get the film made, not for stuff." i picked the pledge level i did to get a downloadable copy of the film.  instead, i find i'm supposed to sign up for some cloud service and watch it from their streamer.  i just want to download it and watch it on my own time.
i backed to get the film made, not for stuff. it got made and made very well. i am very happy i backed. :o)
seriously? email them. you will get a response. it was innovative and unbelievable gesture to try to make the movie digitally available within days of a theater release as it was.
@andrea -- i'm so sorry to hear that's been your experience. if you drop me a note at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com right now, i'll do my best to make sure we fix the entire thing for you within the hour.
http://www.entertainmentwise.com/news/143849/veronica-mars-to-be-turned-into-mini-bond-franchise-kristen-bell-and-creator-rob-thomas-tease in the above article kristen mentions she'd like to know what the fans want in future veronica mars projects. well, here's my .02: 1. i don't care about seeing vm in brick-and-morter theaters. all that time, money and energy wb spent bringing it to theaters was unnecessary, imho. 2. i'd be perfectly content with a streaming series a la netflix or amazon prime. my preference is for prime, as i don't want to have to pay netflix for a whole membership just to see one or two shows. 3. if a series is too much of a commitment by either the cast/crew or the studio, then more vod-only movies will tide me over plenty. 4. sell the series on dvd/bluray for the buyers/keepers crowd.  5. i'd pay more money just to see it made. no need to comp me access to the vod platform. it'd be nice to get a copy of it, but it's far more important to me that the world gets more veronica mars. easy. clean. no need for big studio media blitzes, posters or costly theater rentals.
i will never back a project again on kickstarter or anywhere after this mess.  i still  don't have my download link, and i bought the movie on amazon but can't watch it on a full screen or with decent sound.  don't help something you love get too big i guess.  i know this won't be fixed, too much cash involved to give a damn.
woot michael greenwaldt
hikaricore that link is unnecessary - twists the whole situation around.
wow, i'm seriously annoyed by the "fans" b*tching about them using flixster for the film. it was the only way for them to get everyone their digital downloads on the day it was released. you're lucky we even got a film. poor rob and co. for getting a slap in the face from these people. i would have donated for nothing in return but getting a movie. i'm not even using my digital copy. i went 2 hours to see the film and purchased tickets for myself, my parents, and my niece. i even waited for an evening showing rather than a matinee so i could give more money to the film. crazy? maybe. but this movie is a dream come true for a fan like me and i just want to support it and hopefully see more of veronica in the future. seriously embarrassed by the people who had to complain and raise a stink about it. rent the darn thing from itunes or wherever you want to watch it. it doesn't even cost that much. if you're a real fan you'd think you'd want to support it as much as possible.
movie.... so... good... anger with download situation fading...... fading....  and i really wanted to hang on to my righteous indignation for a while longer.  oh well... c'est la vie.  i fully expect to stream through amazon at least 3 more times this week.
this is such a disappointing mess. i can't afford right now to purchase a second copy of the movie to get a refund later and i want the movie but flixster refuses to work on my computer at all. i am severely disappointed in how this was handled.
http://entertainment.slashdot.org/story/14/03/17/2210214/kickstarted-veronica-mars-promised-digital-download-pirate-bay-delivers
(sorry, forgot to mention -- this is ivan, not rob.)
@alexander -- just as your original pledge was processed through amazon, the refund will be issued to the same credit card that was used for that payment. (oddly enough, we have no other easy way to get money back to you.) @sheryl -- drop a note to veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, and i'll do my best to make sure that we get back to you tonight. so, so sorry for the delays.
i received an email on march 12 letting me know i would get my download code for the movie on march 14. no code arrived. i sent an email to the info address on sat, march 15th. still no code. i really want to see the movie - how can i get my code, please???
for anyone who is getting the refund, i am not sure what they mean by "show up on your card".  i don't have any amazon card (but i have an amazon.ca account) and just wondering if people know who to contact about it. does this just mean the same kickstarter funding method provided before?  much appreciated.
first thimgs first. watched the movie at home on friday night. i wasn't disappointed. i think rob and co have done a great job with both the movie and in their interaction with the fans and backers (the later also being the former but not necessarily true the other way around). now on to the digital download issue. i knew going in that only flixster was guaranteed.  i dislike uv in general and flixster in particular, for oh so many reasons, but decided to pledge at the $35 level anyway in the hope that the heavens would align and an itunes or even amazon option for the download would be included. as we all know things didn't work out and we ended up with just flixster, not rob and co's fault -- the blame can be firmly laid at the feet of warner brothers and their desire to use their own sub-par distribution platform. on friday i didn't even bother trying to watch using flixster, paying $19.99 for a hd download from itunes and using my preferred viewing method, appletv hooked up to a hdtv. do i feel cheated in some way? hell no! do i feel that we need to send a strong message that the viewing public want's multiple options and platform agnostic digital downloads?  hell yes!  to be fair it looks like wb have relented and are providing refunds, either of $10 or of the full cost of downloading from other legitimate sources. a year ago would i have pledged $35 to help get this movie made without any other incentives? in a heartbeat.
does anyone know how can i find the pictures that were taken with the actors at the after party in new york city??
we ended up streaming from the vudu app on ps3, because restrictions wouldn't let us stream from any of the uv compatible ipad apps to our appletv. but it worked just fine through ps3.
congrats on raking in just shy of $2m off of 291 screens in the us this weekend. http://www.boxofficemojo.com/weekend/chart/
@ash - flixster is horrible, but there are ways around the problems to get a hd download version in nz (i know that's what i did on friday). the thread is miles away in the comments - but basically. 1) redeem your code via flixster as it says in your e-mail ... but don't download the movie 2) go to another uv provider (i used ezyflix.tv) and register with them. 3) link your ultraviolet account (created when you registered with flixster) to the new provider. 4) download the movie in hd format :-) the download still has .drm (so you need to watch it on a computer or similar), but at least it's a download (not a stream) and in hd.
loved the film.  did not appreciate flixster, and i'm not happy about not really owning a copy of the film without having flixster installed permanently on my computer.  thankfully the film was good enough to ease the pain, but it's left me bitter about backing film kickstarters again.
does anyone have an idea of when we will know the numbers for the amazon/itunes. i know maybe not the exact number, but some  idea? and i've read that rob and warner bros. were both happy about the box office. was this in a tweet or something else?
flixster hate :-( being in new zealand this site is nearly impossible to use, waiting for my digital copy as per my pledge. and from our local news site. http://www.stuff.co.nz/technology/digital-living/30025244/reward-upsets-veronica-mars-kickstarters
the economist - veronica marred http://www.economist.com/blogs/babbage/2014/03/digital-video if there's one good thing about this whole flixster fiasco it is that it should finally make studios understand that drm formats only inconvenience their paying customers.
thank you rob and all the cast for the movie! i'm very happy of the result ;) and proud to be a part of it!
this flixster website is somehow not letting me register. if i click the "agree and continue" button with no data inserted it shows me all the fields that need input, if i fill them in, the button does nothing, sometimes a uv section appears that may contain a mandatory field, but is not visible in general. i tried with 3 browsers, no registration possible. did anyone have similar problems?
i just wanted to say that i am incredibly happy with this entire experience.  i loved the updates, the stickers, the t-shirt, and most of all the movie! i hadn't tried to download my digital copy since i saw the movie in theaters, but after reading all of this feedback i decided to give it a try and see if i had any issues.  i didn't have a flixster account or a uv account, but was able to - within 5 minutes - download the app, create an account and have the movie playing on my iphone (obviously this wouldn't be my ideal viewing choice, but i'm at work and my company blocks the websites i can go to on my computer).  i'm not sure what the issue is here.  is it that people just don't want to download or use a new app, or were there issues with the redemption codes?  shouldn't we all just be happy that the movie we wanted made got made?  i know when i chose to back, it wasn't based on the rewards (though they have been great), but it was so i could see the characters i loved watching back in action.
so i'm curious if the dvd version will have all the extras and behind the scenes footage of making the veronica mars movie, because it doesn't really list that on the pre-orders of the dvd does anyone know? also i saw the movie with my friends thursday night and i absolutely love it. i also didn't have any problems with my digital download, and i'm sorry for the people who are having problems but don't blame rob thomas just because of flixster or just stream/internet connectivity issues. i would have donated regardless of getting copy of the film/ rewards since i love the show so much.
i contributed so i could support the project and hopefully get the dvd someday. making the effort to pledge money for this project was something of a seussian 'yop' to the universe, and i did it as a total newbie to kickstarter, not knowing if the payment methods available would actually work for me. when i became a backer, the idea that the film might get any sort of theatrical release (however limited) seemed like a pipe dream. watching the pledge numbers ticking over every few seconds? really exciting. (wow, there really are other people out there who like the idea of this project enough to contribute something.) my computer isn't reliable enough to play even youtube videos all the way through without a hitch, so for me, the possibility of a 'digital download', whatever that might mean, was not really an issue for me right from the start. call me a fatalist, but i'm just not going to bother making the attempt. (i loathe struggling with cranky computer stuff on the best of days.) i'm sorry people didn't read the fine print when they pledged, and i'm sorry that flixster seems to be so unreliable, but how is any of that rob thomas's fault? why rant about corporate conspiracies? i really don't understand the level of what seems like rage being expressed here. the actual people working on this project have worked very hard right from the start to prevent problems and solve the ones that cropped up, and their dedication to good customer service hasn't flagged. accusing them of bad faith even as they're working to make things right just seems like craziness and bad manners. (and if flixster is so awful, why are people waiting til now to mention it? shouldn't that have come up a lot earlier? it's been a full year since we pledged, after all.)
@ holly, thank you, this is what i am trying to tell everyone else, if we ask for refunds, the wb will remember this huge headache we gave them and pull everything.  @kevin albright, i get that you and others feel "betrayed" by the wb for the streaming thing but you must remember they have all the power still.  they own all the rights to veronica mars and can rip everything we have done away from us for any reason.  please guys, make our goal a sequel to the movie or a netflix series, and do everything you can to work towards that.  don't try to send messages to the wb and divide us, we need to remain together to continue getting what we want and if that means appeasing the wb, for veronica mars, i will do it.
i have to admit i was also very disappointed in not being able to "download" my movie and instead i have to accept yet another "membership? user name and password to deal with. and i cant watch it when and where i want.  that ticks me off.  i backed another movie on ks and got what i bargained for.. digital download so i can put it on a stick and watch it anywhere.  thats bs on another note.  i took my fiance' to the show this weekend and we were both riveted to our seats!  she had never had the pleasure of knowing the series but i brought her up to speed a bit beforehand.  the monolog in the beginning did a much nicer job though and she was able to keep up, and enjoy it.  needless to say another vm fan is born and we both loved it immensly.  great job crew!
kevin see faq #3 [for the statement] no doubt that this is a sore spot for many, but they are trying to make it right. i'm sure if they anticipated this level of difficulty, things would have been done differently. perhaps this will shake some things up over at uv and flixter too and bring on some user experience improvements.
for me it is about setting expectations appropriately.  perhaps there was some mention of the delivery mechanism that i overlooked so i will take part of the blame for that.  that said, had i known in advance i (and many others i suspect) would have donated at a lower level.  i'm thrilled that some people have an additional $50.00+ to spend, that's great for you.  some of us gave at the level we did as a choice to treat it like partially funding a project and partially purchasing the film (hence the $10 difference between the $25 and $35 levels).  in this case, we could have saved the $10 and bought it elsewhere, but we chose to put our trust in the good will of the project.  right or wrong some of us simply feel betrayed by the way it played out.  again, i am willing to shoulder my part of the blame for not seeing any statement regarding delivery mechanism (assuming there is one).  to their credit, they are trying to make this work out but it is becoming so burdensome that the overall experience has been tarnished (the excellent job with updates notwithstanding).
it's shocking to see so many people upset about flixster/reward error. i didn't get my download code until this morning, and i don't care for flixster, but who cares? i gave money because i wanted to see more veronica mars, and all the reward i really needed was for the movie to be good.  and it's amazing, so i feel satisfied.  i was happy to pay $7 to rent the movie on friday, knowing that it might help make even more veronica possible.  so if wb really feels bad about these hiccups, then the only apology i'd accept would be a netflix veronica mars/mars investigations series. that seems fair. i know a lot of kickstarter is about "getting stuff" for some people, but being an inconvenient streaming download is far from the most tragic loss anyone's taken in the film industry.
i get people being frustrated. i do. i know what a pain it is when something doesn't go as planned, and everythin just sucks. i disagree that the snafu of flixster is rob's fault. he had no choice in which platform is used. it's all on the studios head. they should have came up with a better solution. i was lucky, my flixster experience went off with out a hitch. however since i wanted to make sure tha the future of veronica would have a chance, my plan was also to take a two hour round trip to see it on a larger screen. and paid not only the extra $10.00 per ticket, but the $50 in gas. that's what was more important to me. i wanted to make sure that warners brothers knew how much this series and this kickstarter meant to me,. i think the long and the short of it is this. complaining like this will never get us another vernoica mars movie made. if the studio has to refund all this money, they are going to say no way, not only to more veronica mars but to other projects we might want as well. for me the download was always supposed to be something to watch on a personal computer or ipad, that i could watch at my leisure. if i didn't have a theater close enough my plan was always to buy it from amazon. i really just don't get the hoopla. for such a great project. such a great overall experience. all the updates, all the interaction, i just don't see how it came to this.
just to be clear, i was not trying to defend wb in their choice of uv/flixster... it was only that it has been know since the start [if you read the fine print] that uv/flixster would be the source. i refuse to use uv myself, as i've had nothing but problems with it with other titles, and no refuse to even enter the ring[er] again with it. my point to timothy was that we have been offered a fair and reasonable compromise of a refund for purchasing the movie through an alternative streaming source like itunes or amazon. [his assertion was that he refused to pay and get a refund, he wanted a direct link -- as it turned out he thought the refund was only $10, and not the full amount]  i think that if enough of us use an alternative service, and request the refund, wb will get the message.
forget flixster, i am going to email customer support and see about another download option or getting refunded.  we shelled out a lot of money to prove there was interest which has in-turn netted wb a tidy profit (with no real investment on their part) only to find ourselves getting stabbed in the back.  have they not internalized the concept of not biting the hand that feeds you?  thanks to this debacle they have used up any goodwill currency they had with me and so will not see my involvement in this type of enterprise again.  i know mr. thomas worked hard to get this off the ground and it wasn't his fault they pulled this, but the feeling is that now that they've gotten what they wanted then the backers can go hang themselves.  glad to see our sacrifice made someone else's dream come true.
@mark l and others defending the digital release: we need to send two messages to wb. 1) that fans will tell you if they want more of something. they now know there's an audience for more veronica mars, and that audience will jump through hoops to support the show. 2) that audience is smart and deserves a say in how they see more of veronica mars in the future. do you want to have to sign up for some nonsense wb-only tv streaming service in the future, or do you want to watch the show on netflix, or another platform of your choosing? by ceding the flixster issue to them, we're ceding our seat at the table that we earned by supporting the film in the first place. i'm sorry that i didn't see that this was the plan earlier; i would have made noise about it then. but that doesn't dampen my disappointment.
@mark, omg! someone stole your car? that is truly terrible, sorry about that.  at karsten, yeah i am watching it multiple times on vod, theatre, itunes.  you might want to talk to the people that are wanting refunds for watching it because they are having problems with flixster.  now before anyone else jumps down my throat and says how heartless i am. i am sorry you are having problems and to the international people that truly have no way of seeing it, wb should fix that but to everyone else wanting to not pay twice to see the movie, this will hurt the final count.  it is huge for any studio to be counting vod and itunes and for our movie, they are going to do that.  don't we want our count of how many times we paid to see it to be as high as possible guys?!  just think about it, common sense says if you get any refund back it will hurt the final count, how could it not?  what if we are short a few thousand or twenty thousand of this number that they aren't even telling us?  continue yelling at me if you wish, but i will do my part to get us a sequel and whoever wants to join me can join me.
as a fan of the show and one that showed my daughters a strong woman protagonist i want to thank you for a great movie. i left happy. my family loved it and we plan to pull it the dvd's again.  we received our digital download on friday but chose to pay for it on the big screen in hopes that this somehow gets this to continue on.  i don't care what the people who are unhappy are saying i felt i got my pledge money's worth and then some. i would do it all over again and would double my pledge.  thanks for all those involved and my fellow pledges because i am very happy that veronica is back.  don't let this train stop!!!!
how exactly am i going to be refunded through "amazon payments"?  i do have an amazon.ca account, but i don't see anywhere after glancing through my kickstarter profile it linked unless it's already linked from when i purchased?  might be a dumb question, but i'm just confused by the process and i know asking the info team might swamp them. thanks for any help!
i enjoyed the tv show. i have the three seasons on dvd. but i am not a cultist as so many of the commenters here clearly are. i'll just call this what is - respectfully. it is a debacle. rob thomas gets his movie, gets to trumpet his success, and i get... flunkster errors. congrats, rob! you totally got me! that was hilarious! i honestly thought that i was going to watch the movie. you really fooled me. since i couldn't watch it on flunkster, i guess you thought i would pay to see it in the theater. wrong, rob. the fact was that i was going to see it there anyway, but flunkster frustration transformed into ambivalence. i'm not giving you one more cent. i could care less, jerk. but you're a delightfully pleasant jerk. gotta be respectful, after all.
i've just read through the script, it was even more fun than i remembered watching the film. so many pop culture references i missed in a blink of an eye. kickstarter (obvious), that other rob thomas, a few good men, murder she wrote, even the batman arkham video games! (i doubt veronica plays those games, but then she is an adrenaline junkie, so maybe she does...)
the entertainment weekly article says that warner executives will take a look at the starting week numbers and then have a talk (possibly about a sequel) with rob. so let's try our best to make vm a success. watch it in the theater once again, or get it from i-tunes. these numbers could become important soon...
watched the movie today, it was great!  too bad my car got stolen from the movie theater parking lot.. man, having veronica mars as a friend would be really useful right about now!
hey frank, don't forget that at $50 you're going to get a dvd/bluray too! i don't understand the "ripped off" sentiments either. i am incredibly satisfied with the overall process of this campaign, and absolutely love the movie that was produced with our money. worth every penny, and some!
i sincerely hope the download issue is fixed soon. can't speak for everyone, but i am just a huge vmars fan and loved that i helped (in a small way) bring her back to fight the good fight another day.  for every frustrated backer, i have my fingers crossed that this will be remedied soon.
yello, been looking for updates on the theater @s and came across another "fans are stupid"(for backing this movie) comment so wrote about my experience with the project and i wanted to post my comments here.  i’ve read several times how the backers got ripped off for paying for this movie to be made so i just wanted to say… i don’t feel ripped off. i had just become a fan of kristen from watching house of lies and so i checked out the vm tv series and liked that even more. she plays that character so well and the writing was great. then i saw an article on the kickstarter vm movie project raising it’s goal in a short period of time so it seemed like a fun idea to pay 5 or 10$ to help make it even better. i went to kickstarter for the first time and found out that you received things in return for your donation. i forget what each denomination category got you but they all seemed worth it. the best value for me was the 50$ “donation”. i got a t-shirt which i valued at 20-25$ although i just searched ebay and saw one that just sold for 46$. i got a script of the movie the day it was released,(you’d have to search the deep web with bitcoins to find a script of a movie on release day)so we’ll say that’s worth 10 bucks. i got some stickers worth a few bucks and i watched the movie through flixster with no problems in the comfort of my own home. can we say that’s worth 20$ and that i broke even, so far? oh i also got almost 90, yes 90 email updates from rob thomas and the cast. they included videos, pictures and interesting details about the whole movie making process. it made you feel like you were a part of it. the videos of the cast talking as their regular selves and thanking the backers was great and made me a fan of many of them. it feels good to have been be a part of something like this and you can’t put a price that. i feel like i ripped them off… so screw the…? i also looked at what the spike was offering (someone who can afford to make a his own movie) as well as another project and in my opinion the things you got for the money paled in comparison to what people got here. i think that is a big, overlooked reason why fans gave another 4 million after the movie was already going to be made. thanks
the movie was tremendous and i'm gratified that with only a small number of theaters it cracked the top ten its opening weekend and averaged a gross of nearly $7,000 per theater.  i had to settle for viewing the download (after three tries before successfully downloading the flixter software).  i live just outside mcallen, texas near the mexican border and hundreds of miles from the nearest theater showing the film, and i really want to take my wife and daughter to see it on the big screen.  the carmike theater chain is the big one in our area.  since the veronica mars movie has already grossed over $2,000,000 in only three days, isn't it time to expand the number of theaters offering it?  please bring that up with warner brothers.  it would be in the top three movies in the nation if it was in two thousand theaters like the rest of the competition is.  remember to mention the carmike chain.
just wanted to drop by & thank all involved in getting this movie done... i have watched it twice now & am sure i will again, just sadly don't think it will be coming to our local picture theater.. but if it does? i'll happily go watch it there as well. veronica mars remains 1 of my all time favorite tv shows & it is so brilliant that rob & co were able to get this movie out successfully. the movie itself exceeded all my expectations & more. my only wish now is that there are more to follow or a revival of the series itself. so very glad that i was apart of this project. cheers from a truly happy backer!!
went with my niece to see it today on the big screen.  we both loved it!!   i would so love to see another movie or even back on tv  ... we can always use something to watch that is not a stupid laugh track show.
incredible! despite all the drama surrounding the digital download issue, the fact is, the movie was awesome, and i'm thrilled to have been even a small part of it.  thank you to everyone on the team who made this happen.  i've seen it in the theater, on the big screen, with all my fellow vm fans, and nothing disappointed!  thank you all so much for bringing veronica and the gang back, and letting us back into their world!
thank you for making the movie so great for everyone. i took my 13yo son to it today and he thought it was really good. he laughed out loud several times and asked if we could watch the series and then watch the movie again. bravo!!!! bring on movie #2!
loved the movie! my only complaint is i wish they had not recast leighton meester- they should have just not had her character at all if she couldn't reprise her role.   other than that, i was thrilled. i really hope there will be a sequel.as i read in another comment, i'd love to see duncan return! can't wait to watch the movie again. :)
i saw the film on saturday night and loved it!  honestly, i would have loved it had it been lesser, but it was phenomenal.  i got such a thrill when i saw thanks to the kickstarter backers.  i hope this is the first of many, many films and books. thank you for making this happen.
the movie was amazing. it took a while to get my digital copy able to view. putting it on my uv account from flixster wasn't a problem, but i was having flash problems. i wasn't able to view any videos, and couldn't re-install flash, so i had to go back a a few days and reset my computer. no biggy--now, i've got my vudu account hooked up on my blu-ray player and can view from there! thank you so much, rob and ivan for ensuring that your backers are well taken care of! i don't regret a moment of this experience or the money that i have spent on it. every step of the way we were kept informed (something other projects can't say), and our rewards have been timely. when hiccups happened (which of course they would with 91,585 people, the responses have been timely and beyond accommodating. thank you for giving me the movie that i wanted to see. even with having viewed the first 8 minutes, when i finally sat down in the theater yesterday to view it, after driving a couple of hours to the theater, i teared up and got pretty emotional. this has been "a long time coming," so, once more, thank you!
i'm so proud to have helped get this movie made!  just watched it for the first time and it's everything i wanted it to be :d  rob et all you rock and here's to many more movies!  i'll pay for you to make as many as you want!
i saw the movie in a theater today.  it was actually in a nice big room with a huge screen.  i was surprised.  i really liked the movie!  it was a definite love letter to fans.  i'm glad i helped to get it made in my own small way.  i hope there's more down the pike.  i'm sympathetic for the contributors who haven't been able to view their digital copy.  it took me some time and effort to figure out how to go from flixster to ultra-violet to vudu but when i did, it looked great in hd on my tv.  i downloaded the whole movie to my ps3.  it sounds like the studio is trying to help people find solutions.  refunding the difference in reward tiers is something they don't have to do, but are openly offering.  i hope eventually everyone will be able to sit down and enjoy the movie as much as my wife and i did.  we're all fans here.  no roll out of anything is ever perfect.  the point of the kickstarter was to get this movie made and we did it!  for that, i'll always be grateful.
@timothy: i understand if you're skeptical, but i promise, if you want to purchase a copy somewhere else, we'll make sure you get a full refund for what you spend on it. wb is willing to put that in writing, and i'm telling you the same on behalf of the production team. i wish we had access to get download codes and provide those, but it would just add more delays, and we're trying to find the fastest way to make sure backers get to see the movie. if you have trouble getting refunded, feel free to tell me, and i'll pay you back out of my own pocket, if that makes you feel any more comfortable. also, i think there's been some miscommunication: the $10 refund is available as an alternative if you don't want to purchase the movie elsewhere, so that you won't have spent any of your pledge on a digital copy that you don't feel good about. ($10 is the amount of your pledge that went toward a digital copy.) but if you have a receipt for a version that costs more, like amazon, we'll refund you the full amount. feel free to email us at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com if you've got more questions about this, so that we can respond to you directly, without it getting buried in comment threads.
loved the movie and am so happy i donated.  i hope that the movie is such a success that you get to do another one or do another limited series.  i did have an idea for another movie where you could get in some characters that you were not able to get into this movie.  the concept should be around jake kane being shot you could have duncan return, as well as veronica's mother (jake is not a married man anymore) you can bring up lily and we can find out that ever happened to duncan and his child….thank you so much.
rob - is this becoming more and more a http://insidemovies.ew.com/2014/03/16/veronica-mars-box-office/.   can we just start the kickstarter now????
actually i liked it because it was incredibly well written.  i tend to like smart and witty shows.
best, timothy.  you'll like this story: http://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2014/03/-em-veronica-mars-em-one-of-tvs-realest-depictions-of-wealth-inequality/284383/ the movie doesn't disappoint in this realm also.  i hope you get to watch it soon.  :)
so i guess you liked the show because kristen bell wore some cute outfits, and not because of what it was about.  nice try.  but now it's time for me to step away from the computer for dinner and some hannibal season 1. and thanks again andrea for being helpful.
oh and if you want somewhere to be active against drm the eff is the place, not here at a studio owned project.
where did i make such an admission? i made no such admission, stop making false accusations. for the record i have seen all of the episodes more than once [i own all 3 seasons on dvd] is that "fan" enough for you? [still not relevant to the conversation we had]
mark l - wow. thanks for actually admitting you are not a fan of the show and are here for "other" reasons.  i was going to civil rights and anti-war protests long before i watched veronica mars, so maybe you should grow up and realize you live in a world where everyone is not a "big guys" corporate apologist and some people actually have principles.
it's a tv show, not a manifesto... time for you to step away from the tv screen and out into the real world.  how many episodes of vm i have or have not seen is irrelevant to this conversation or my right to be here as a backer. grow up and keep your insults to yourself.
mark l, your denials and comment about my attitude toward the "big guys" has now totally convinced me you have never watched an episode of veronica mars.  thanks for ending on such a hilarious note.
andrea, thanks.  i hope the people who have stood up and complained have actually gotten a real solution, but anything that starts with "here's what warner pr says is happening" is something to be skeptical about.  we shouldn't have to spend money on the "promise" of a refund through yet another platform after we've already been burned once.  but i will give it a try.  it sucks that after badgering friends into watching vm and having them become fans that this day of our planned viewing party has been such a disappointment.  now i have to get them into hannibal instead.
i see the problem now.., the $10 is for no download at all (basically backing that part out of your pledge), not a rebate on getting it from an alternative service. you get a full refund on the purchase from an alternate service.
@timothy: i do not work for the "big corporation" or any affiliate of it, as that's what you're trying to imply. i'm just a backer like pretty much everyone else here. the fact that i'm not us based means that my options are even more limited than yours.  also for the record, i despised drm and hdcp as it causes more problems than it fixes, but the sad fact is that it is a reality in today's digital world. stop having such sour grapes, you've been offered an alternative, that is fair and reasonable. your position is neither fair or reasonable. you seem to have a big chip on your shoulder about the big guys... perhaps you should refrain from supporting their ventures with your money.
@timothy, no, you send cs your receipt for paying for it and they refund you that amount.  that's their way of letting you watch on whichever platform you prefer.  have you written to them yet? http://recode.net/2014/03/15/warner-brothers-to-veronica-mars-backers-ok-ok-use-itunes-or-amazon-if-you-want/
andrea - the refund is $10, the download on amazon is $15.  so you're saying our response to being screwed over by the studios is to reward them with millions of additional dollars in profit?  and you claim to be a fan of veronica mars?!  something smells wrong in here, i think there's a rat on the bus.
at the end of the day, the promise was a uv/flickster download, and with that comes whatever limitations there are with the associated services. @andrea barton: this whole conversation started with timothy's refusal to pay and then get a refund.
mark l - presumed wrong.  you're batting 1000.  gee, wonder why you keep trying to make excuses for that big corporation... hmmm.  i've already spent hours trying to get hd to work because i had invited friends over to watch.  we're going to watch hannibal instead on amazon prime and it looks great. to quote the students of neptune high - go pirates (links easily available on google). and here's the news   http://blogtown.portlandmercury.com/blogtownpdx/archives/2014/03/14/how-warner-bros-screwed-over-veronica-mars-backers
i watched the movie for the first time in theaters yesterday and all i can say is wow! i'm so proud to be a backer the movie was phenomenal, i loved every second it was more than i expected. i've never left a movie feeling so excited and happy. i went with my friend that i actually got hooked on veronica mars a couple of years ago and as soon as we got to the car be both just lost it! the whole car ride back we could stop talking about it ,we actually went back to her place and used my digital download to watch it all over again. now let's get a sequel because i want more! looks like i'm hooked all over again. thanks for everything, this whole experience of being a backer was beyond anything i could have asked for <3
timothy, have you written to cs?  if you prefer amazon or itunes, you can send your receipt to info@veronicamarsthemovie.com and they will refund you.   i get that you are frustrated, but there are solutions available.
using an analog or digital link from the pc to the tv? i've already noted that the flickster app does not obey the analog rules... but presumably one of the other alternatives do. (i'm not in the us so i don't have alternative options that i'm aware of)
mark l - please tell netflix and amazon prime that it is a sad reality these days that you can't view hi-def content without an hdcp device.  it would be nice to have someone else besides me tell you how wrong you are.
thanks mark l for being wrong again.  how much are they paying you to keep telling me i should feel lucky to be screwed over?  i wasted another hour this morning, tried vudu linked to ultra violet - still will not allow streaming or downloaded hd to play on my bigscreen.  as much as you 09ers want to believe everyone has their daddy's money to burn, or will just bend over and pay twice, all you have to do is read the news on the subject to see what's really happening - people saying screw it i'll just pirate a hi def version.  unfortunately some of still think creative people should be paid for their work and don't take that option no matter how hard greedy corporate execs try to screw it up.
i originally had difficulty accessing my digital copy through flixster due to an error code.  i am now able to view the icon for the digital movie but it won't play now and refers me to the uv/flixster support.  please advise....
but you will need a hdcp link to play the hi-def... that is a sad reality these days, for digital discs and downloads. there is no reason to believe it would be any different.  so your options are a hdmi link from your computer, or set-top box, to the tv or watch it on your computer.
sadly it's the flickster implementation of the drm, not the download itself that's the problem here. you are lucky that you are in the us and have several other playback options for content from uv, some of which will allow you to play back on your high def tv.
drm that prevents me from watching it hi def on my own tv!?  anyone who is going to make the ridiculous claim that we expected that is obviously getting paid by wb or kickstarter.  you're dealing with cynical vm fans here.  get serious.
oh and you were promised a uv/flickster download... so how is what you've been given not what was promised? offering a refund for copies purchased on competing services is going above and beyond what was promised.
@timothy: what on earth led you ever to believe that the "digital download" would be drm free? there was never any promise of a drm free download. given that wb owns all the righhts to veronica mars property, it was painfully obvious that any digital copy would contain drm.
to people who think the solution is to say - "oh well i'll just accept not getting what i was promised and spend more money to get it" - how are you vm fans?!  what kind of message are you sending to these idiot drm obsessed studios?  screw us! we love it! let's all lie down and be crapped on!  ok so i didn't get what i was promised the first time, but i believe you now when you say spend more money and we'll give you a refund!  really?  veronica would be ashamed of you. give me a link so i can see the movie i supported that doesn't look like garbage on a bigscreen.
@timothy drewitt: i think the refund promise is more than fair, so i think your stance is a little unreasonable. also note that uv/flickster was the only confirmed source for the digital download (see faq #3) -- note creators are unable to edit the faq or any content after the campaign ends. i personally dislike uv/flickster as i've had nothing but problems with it. as such i refuse to use it, and had resigned myself to having to buy the movie on my preferred service (without refund) so i am quite pleased to see the refund offer. (though i am unlikely to take them up on it, as i want to support the bottom line in order to increase the chance for a sequel)
to anyone who says we should stop complaining about flixter/drm, the only reason they're offering any solutions is the complaining.  i'm not going to stop complaining until i get what i was promised - a link to click on that gives me a digital download of the movie i can watch and show on a bigscreen tv that doesn't look like pixelated garbage. the irony here is the only people having a bad experience are the fans who backed it on kickstarter.  after having been burned once, i'm not going to pay for a copy from amazon on the "promise" of a refund.
sorry tina, we don't really need you to tell us what to do.  we will bitch as much as we want which is our right.  a great many of us are not interested in a refund, only the promise of a digital download being fulfilled.  buying it from a third party then being reimbursed is not the same thing.
@tina: well, there isn't, and kickstarter comments pages are generally intended for people involved in projects to voice their comments. so just deal with it.  very few are asking for refunds (i've only seen one), and some folks haven't gotten any replies to tickets sent to cs yet, making the ks project page the only place the can really turn to while they wait. fyi, there are backers abroad who can't see the movie in any theater (since none show it); can't rent it on vod multiple times, or even once for that matter (since it's not available); and for that matter can't get it on itunes or elsewhere due to regional restrictions, which means they will have no digital alternative, making the flixter option the only way to see the movie at all. so refund what receipt exactly? i have to say that with all your comments about how people see the things posted here, the way you've been going on against others here has been worse and more damaging to my eyes than anything i've seen posted yet by those that complained over the difficulties - none of which has been directed towards rob or others involved in the campaign. so unless you have something helpful to contribute to those looking for help, kindly drop the rude and highly disrespectful attitude.
@tina betz: from one of your earlier comments regarding reporters paying $1 to see the comments...  the comments here are open and anyone can see them, regardless if they paid or not. you only need to pay/back a project in order to leave a comment. paying also lets you see any updates that are closed to backers only. bottom line is that reporters, or anyone else, don't have to pay anything to see our responses here.
ok, well finally got my code from customer service.  did the whole flixter and vudu thing and it looks like i can watch on my e-tv.   hey, where's my script? :-)
i was having trouble with flixter yesterday. it kept saying error when i went through the steps to enter the code and create an account. then i tried again today and was able to create an account, download the program, and watch the movie within minutes. i saw it in theaters yesterday and it was so exciting to see others there wearing the kickstarts shirts. i loved the movie! i am so excited for the book. i would happily contribute to another kickstarter for a sequel.
just saw it in the theater and loved it! so did the two long-time vm fans i went with and my new-to-the-series mother-in-law! great job, and thanks to everyone involved!
there really needs to be a separate place for all the problem downloading people to go.  you all keep missing the messages from rob and ivan. they will refund your money if you send them the receipt, please stop bitching about it!
btw none of the suggested solutions of linking ultra violet to other services will work if you're trying to watch hd that goes from your computer to a bigscreen tv.  their evil idiotic drm will always prevent viewing hd.
i didn't have any of the tech problems many are having with flixter.  my problem is that flixter's drm bs works just fine to prevent me from seeing an hd version of the film i paid for. i can watch hd just fine on my laptop screen where sd looks just fine.  but if i try to watch it  on my bigscreen tv, flixter's hdcp drm will not allow it. so i just told my friends that i finally converted into vm fans not to bother coming over to watch it today because the sd looks like pixelated garbage on my bigscreen.  might as well wait until it's on netflix or amazon prime. kickstarter digital downloads - never again.
i'm not saying how i finally was able to see this movie but so glad i did.  it was, to quote a character, epic -- spanning years though perhaps not continents.  would i fund another one?  absolutely! here's hoping those of you still struggling with flixter get to see it soon.
so i got my download on flixster but it wouldn't connect to ultraviolet. flixster customer service told me to unlink/re-link my ultraviolet account and now it's gone completely. no movie at all! if i try to re-add it the code says it's already been redeemed. so frustrated!
happy to help! :)
i'm sorry to say that the decision to go with the drm-infested, substandard flikster was a very bad one.  i am one of the backers who cannot download the film even though my reward includes this.  if you want to know why flickter is bad for custmoers and bad for the whole veronica mars franchise read this article: http://boingboing.net/2014/03/16/studio-gives-kickstarter-veron.html
you are right!  i misread the email. damn.  thank you for pointing that out.
@alexandra: i'm sorry, maybe i didn't get it right, but my mail, which was an automated answer so i think it's the same for all, was different. there are two alternatives, besides flixster: you can download it from itunes, amazon, google play etc and send them the receipt for a refund or if you don't want the download anymore, they can refund you $10, which is the difference between the reward including the digital download and the one below. maybe i misinterpreted, but it's what i understood.
but you can't download it, james.  i bought a download; i didn't buy a stream online.  my internet is slow - i tried watching it and it timed out badly every few minutes.  this is not a viable solution for me - thus i wanted to download.  i just will not open on my mac (i've downloaded several times and it just either dies or the zip won't open. (but thank you for trying to fix it.)  mostly, i feel like we were promised something that we did not get and for those of us who can't download it there's a sort of 'them's the breaks' attitude.  i've emailed warner brothers to just refund me the $10 and i'll wait for the dvd to arrive in may.  but it has left a very sour taste in my mouth over this project.
alexandra, you can link flixster to an ultraviolet library and see it that way. my buddy viewed the movie that way and other than one or two buffering issues, he saw it just find
i am really sad to say i am feeling ripped off.  i wasn't but now that i have heard back from tech support i am.  i couldn't get the download to work.  i sent a ticket to tech support and then got a note hours later that i'd be reimbursed up to $10 to download it elsewhere.  the problem is that elsewhere is universally more than $10 (you can rent it for less - really?!!).  this is really crappy.  i'd really like my money back for the download.  the way this was handled which i keep reading "warner brothers really wants to make things right" - i'm sorry that's just crap.  if they wanted to make things right they would put it in a format that works or reimburse us for the full amount to download it elsewhere.  i paid for something i did not get.  not cool.
yeah, not thrilled with the flickster choice. but more to the point, not thrilled with this being a stream instead of a download. between this and the t-shirts, consider me soured on the vm kickstarter team. if there's a second round, i'm out.
i loved the movie and have watched it quite a few times over the weekend! it had everything i was expecting and more. thanks to rob and everyone else involved. i feel really proud to have been part of this project as a backer and would not hesitate in backing a sequel.
the movie is absolutely wonderful!  we knew it would be incredible but it exceeded our expectations.  thank you for believing in the fans!  we are extremely proud  to know that we had a part in bringing veronica mars back.  what a ride!
just saw on "comingsoon.net" that the movie took in over us$2m at the box office over the weekend - despite being in only on at a few cinema screens ... hopefully that bodes well for a sequel (or, even better, another series). personally, i really enjoyed the movie - but it just made me want more. felt so short compared to a murder-mystery played out over a whole series.
for those of you who are having problems with flickster: try doing what i did... go to the flickster, vudu and ultraviolet websites.  they give you the option to link you accounts/libraries.  so once they're linked, you can use the code emailed to and enter it in the flickster website like instructed, but you can also watch it using your vudu apps on ps3/ps4 or smarttvs.  and as i understand it, this may also be how some of the roku owners are watching it as well... if their roku is linked to ultraviolet.
thank you rob, kristen, jason, enrico, percy, tina, ryan and everyone. pledging money to this was worth every penny. watching it for a third time at home, already seen it once in the theaters and looking forward to watching it many many more times. and the icing on the cake: my poster arrived today. i can't say thank you enough to everyone who made this possible. when and where can we pledge for the sequel because i am in!
two of us travelled four hours yesterday from midcoast maine to boston to see it in the movie theater (didn't want to miss that experience)...it was packed and everyone loved it.....long day but omg was it worth it!  most satisfying project i ever kickstarted.  watching my digital download again today!  thank you!!!  i can't wait for the book and any other possible future projects!
i can't get flixter to work for me either ... so i'll probably just get it from itunes.  i already have tickets to see this in the theater soon so i'm excited - i know fans have been loving it.  i'm hoping for more veronica mars in the future - the return to a tv show would be the best thing to happen but another movie, books, comic books, web series - i'm down for all that.  we just need more time with these character and these stories.
i'm with rion, rob, i will do anything you need for a sequel!
hello all, for those fortunate to get things working and even see this theatre that's great news. but attacking those unfortunate enough to have problems is not really sustaining to the community and is not helping the situation. i'm just logging in every now and then since the customer response has been quiet. the funny thing is every time i check my mail, right next to the automated help response is the kickstarter email announcing the special itunes section for projects, and the big logout splash screen announcing veronica mars on itunes. ahh irony.
hey rob, i can't speak for everyone but i would gladly fork over some more cash for a veronica mars sequel if warner bros won't fund it. in fact, i'd pay more than i did for this movie.
so frustrated right now...it took my code, won't let me watch the movie and when i try to reenter my code it tells me its already been used....yes, by me... i just want to watch the stupid movie already!
all of you complaining about how long it's taking to get your digital download. "you will receive a digital version of the movie within a few days of the movie’s theatrical debut". a few days, people. it's been, what... two?
good news everyone! apparently wb is listening to us regarding the ultraviolet / flixter issues and is willing go the itunes route for all of us who are having problems: http://recode.net/2014/03/15/warner-brothers-to-veronica-mars-backers-ok-ok-use-itunes-or-amazon-if-you-want/
after some finagling, i was able to watch the movie. totally worth the effort. i thought it was great! kudos to everyone involved.
thank you @nick and @chad, that is what i have been trying to say.  it is a donation, the rewards are just something extra.  we should be thankful to the wb and especially to rob for doing this for us! i got a digital download, ask me if i'm using it?! nope! i saw it in the theatre, i rented it on vod multiple times, and buying it on itunes because i love the movie we all created together! ivan came on here and said if you buy it from another source like itunes, they will refund your precious money! so stop your whining about how imagine this i can't see it scenario.  as i said before reporters pay just a $1 and they can see alll the comments on here because people will not message rob and co. privately and wait for a response. comments like suggesting we shouldn't support a kickstarter ever again and the wb are crooks and stealing money, they can see that, and don't be surprised if they write an article about it, cause they can.  there have already been multiple articles about fans wanting refunds and the wb giving refunds.  that sends a message saying "fans got a big studio to make a movie about their beloved,cancelled tv show and want their money back because in the end it's not about the fans wanting the show, it's all about their money and what they are entitled to.  again, ivan said, if you buy it somewhere else, send an email with receipt and they will refund. to those wanting a sequel, keep paying to see it with friends and family
@kristen: you should definitely send an email to the info address, just don't expect a quick response - i'm still waiting since friday, as are others (at this point, i probably won't be able to watch it before thursday anyways, so i'm in no rush). @nick: sorry, but pledges are not 'donations' like someone donates to a charity. sure, you can donate any amount you want in principle, but when it comes to pledges to a specific level, then once a project is funded and people have paid expecting to get something for which they paid for, those behind the project - any project - are expected to see to it that they get it. this isn't just a project's commitment to those that pledged, it's also the project's commitment to meet the terms of the service that's being used.  no one who paid in advance to get a digital copy is getting to see it 'for free'. if you received the things you paid for, whether in full or in part, you don't really have any right to go on ranting at those who paid and got nothing whatsoever so far while most of those around them are bursting with happiness and satisfaction and spilling spoilers at every corner because they got theirs. you mentioned paying to participate in a fan event you attended. now imagine paying, going and then being effectively denied entry while almost everyone else is allowed into where it was taking place. for many of the people who pledged, attending the events or getting certain items weren't realistic options to begin with on account of various issues (being overseas where there weren't any screenings and whatnot). the only thing many pledgers really had to look forward to was the digital release they were assured and for which they paid once the project was funded - and quite a few haven't even seen the initial code to access it, let alone dealt with the distribution issues others dealt with.  this doesn't mean that they shouldn't be glad that it got made and is a success - it just means they are within their right to expect to get the same basic same thing that the others that paid got, and have every right to be upset.
i get that there were glitches. but come on people you do get that it was a donation. and it sucks that you have to wait. but based on the overwhelming response from so many other people that received their items so far i'm guessing you can stop calling it a scam or that they are thieves. it was a mistake. and i'm sure the will try to make good.  that aside the people pissed bout the download service are idiots. there was no promise as to which it would be. and we got it. i still chose to take my kids to the theater to see it. i want this to succeed and possibly continue.  this was groundbreaking. i'm happy to have been part of it. and if all i got was the movie and nothing else i still would have been happy. he i gave my shirts to my kids. it was bout the movie for me. and you will all see it.  quit raining on the parade.
@kristen albrecht, sad!  i had a problem in january, of my own making.  i hadn't filled out the survey because for some crazy reason i'd used an obscure, outdated email address to contribute.  (i think it was linked to an old amazon payment account, that's the only reason i can think of.)  anyway, i couldn't even send an email to them from that account and i said, thanks, this is my fault, just forget about the rewards. the very nice person on the other end went out of her way to get me verified and hooked up. my point is not i have a tee shirt and you don't, just, if they went out of their way to help somebody whose problems were all of her own making, hang in there. (do pay attention to sending an email from the address your contribution is attached to though, if you can at all.  the part where i couldn't added multi layers to me getting my stuffs.)
oops forgot the link: http://www.deadline.com/2014/03/box-office-mr-peabody-need-for-speed-in-second-gear-tyler-perrys-moms-club-worst-opener-budapest-hotel-exceptional-again/
looks like we slipped a bit, now #10 [was #9 yesterday] but given our extremely limited release in theaters and number of screenings, i'd say we are doing incredibly well! our per screen average is well above almost all the other movies in the top 10.
watched the movie and it was all i wanted to finally let me be in peace with veronica mars! thank you very much for this.
@julie white eklund: i think one of the most interesting numbers is the per screen average. i think it is a much better gauge for how well it is doing compared to others, given it's limited release, rather than the overall total.
@kristen albrecht: try emailing info@theveronicamarsmovie.com they should be able to help you.
seriously getting frustrated, i have yet to receive any of the my rewards.  i donated at the $100 level and now i'm really doubtful i'll ever get anything that i was promised.  no t-shirt, script, download, and i doubt i'll get the poster or the blu ray at this point either.  i'm really disheartened as i was really looking forward to watching this movie on friday and now it's sunday and still nothing.  i've been a fan of the series since day 1 and donated right away when i heard about the movie.  i've sent the e-mails and filled out the survey thing twice now and still haven't been given any rewards.  i donated more to get the movie made than the rewards themselves, but it's the principle of thing at this point.  hope everyone else enjoyed the movie, hopefully one day i'll get a chance to see it.
i'm sorry to all the people having issues, but some of these comments are outrageous. the studio didn't "take your money", you donated it because you wanted to see a movie get made. the movie got made! that in itself is a miracle; getting to see it for free is a bonus. i gladly paid $18 for the fan event ticket on top of my $200 pledge. i guess many people don't understand what kickstarter really is. no one is forced to give you anything for your donation. and to the people mad that warner wants to turn a profit? why wouldn't they? we should be on our hands and knees thanking them for even giving rob a shot at making this movie. and now all the refunds they have to process, that's less money toward the sequel number. i, myself, just bought the score soundtrack and preordered the bluray from amazon. i want to give this whole project as much as i can afford. that's how much i truly love veronica and want to see her on the big screen again. sorry if this seemed like a rant but i had to weigh in.
interesting article on box office from forbes. it was interesting to read that warner brothers had to rent out many of the theaters to get us a wider release. i am excited that things are going well so far and loved seeing the film (both in the theater friday and again on vod yesterday): the most interesting new release was of course the 291 screen release of warner bros.’ veronica mars movie. as you know, the film was a feature continuation of the beloved but poorly rated television show. the film version, coming seven years after the end of its third and final season, was funded mostly by hardcore fans using kickstarter. the film actually debuted in 291 theaters and video on demand on the same day, unheard of for a major studio release. warner had to rent out many of those theaters as the big chains generally don’t play movies that are available on vod. i don’t have vod numbers and may not for awhile, but the film’s theatrical release opened to $2 million, or just over a third of its $5.7 million budget. with $1m on friday, it’s arguably the least-shocking 2.0x multiplier in modern history.  assuming it can keep whatever theaters warner bros. rented out on its behalf, there is little reason this one shouldn’t approach $7m in theatrical grosses, plus presumably another $7m on vod, for a break-even proposition before the blu-ray. of course, at least some of that $5.7m raised was “compensated” via digital downloads of the film, so that’s a sizable chunk of the vod audience already accounted for. this is a strange release, completely without precedent in box office history. there just aren’t a lot of “film continuation of cancelled cult tv show funded directly by the fans and then given a limited theatrical release and same-day national vod availability” examples to compare this to. those who wanted to this got the movie they wanted. aside from complaints about investors being unable to access their digital copy via warner bros.’ flawed flixter program (warner will refund those who gave up and bought the film elsewhere), this was an unmitigated success for the fans and for the investors. warner bros. barely spent a dime on advertising, and yet they will still reap most of the profits. for what it’s worth, considering how many fans already bought the film digitally, warner better make sure the blu-ray is crammed with special features. http://www.forbes.com/sites/scottmendelson/2014/03/16/weekend-box-office-veronica-mars-earns-2m-need-for-speed-bombs/
@mark riechers: flickster/uv was always on the roadmap for the download [see faq#3] the hope had been that it would also be made available on other popular services like itunes. -- obviously that is not something they were able to orchestrate in time. so there was no turning around and cutting deals behind our backs. also as they're wb backed/owned services, they were the obvious choice.
flixster was not my first choice for platform, but i had no trouble downloading the movie and by 3 pm on friday was on the couch with popcorn, more excited to watch this movie than any other i've seen. i was not disappointed. the movie included everything i had hoped and ended just the way i wished. best money i ever spent!!
hi marshmallows:  has anyone outside us/canada managed to purchase and actually view a digital copy of the film yet? particularly interested in australian backers who did not get a redemption code as a reward. i'm having issues due to sites stating they can only provide to people residing with north america and hoping there is a simple solution. thanks!
i'm sorry to hear some people are having issues. flixster isn't my preferred platform, but  i had no problem signing up or downloading the movie. i haven't tried watching it on the roku yet, but i don't anticipate any issues. if you ran into issues earlier this weekend, i'd suggest giving it one more shot. as someone mentioned below, the traffic may have been the problem, and if you are missing anything, i wouldn't hesitate to contact them. so far, it seems they've been very responsive. on a slightly different note, thus far, i have been incredibly happy with this experience and feel like this was some of the best money i have ever spent. the advanced screening at amc was awesome, the movie was wonderful, &, while all of my extras have been great, i completely geeked out over the shooting script with my name on it. i'm eagerly looking forward to the dvds with the commentaries and extras. i am one very happy & satisfied backer! i hope everyone else ends up feeling the same way once they connect with someone who can fix any issues they are having.
to sara and anyone else who still didn't get the download code: did you get any non-automated response from customer support so far? i've been waiting for one since emailing them on friday evening...
i already had flixster on my ipad with other digital downloads. i was also able to watch thru my roku.  i am sorry it hasn't been easy for everyone.  i feel certain it will all work out in the end. they wouldn't just screw people over. my sister bought both shirts and they didn't come...and didn't come. she didn't say anything for over a month maybe two. once she did, they fixed it. we wanted a vmars movie to be made and it was.
well, at least some got the script-i never received that, nor the movie code. i guess i won't be watching the movie-because i will not pay twice!
a big thanks to the producers out there that are reading each and every comment! i got a personal email 2 hours after i left mine with a solution to my problem of not receiving my code (i was told to download it with the platform of my choice, send an email, and i would get a receipt). thanks ivan!!! that's how to do customer service! y'all are great! now all set for my viewing party tonight :)
hey marshmallows, i heard some of you are having problems with your flixster download. sorry to hear that! i'm on literally about my 10th time watching. anybody who has a roku, it is super easy to set up to watch on your teevee through roku.  i'd never used flixster before and this took me less than five minutes. used the code to redeem on flixster (which had me make a flixster account).  added the flixster channel to my roku.  put the roku verfication code in online and *that's it*. the only problem at all -- the rest of the family has to use the other television if they don't want to watch vm for the xxth time.  and that's on them. hang in there, this is soooooooooooo worth it.  best $35 i ever spent!  epic even.
downloaded via flixster, no problem. hooked my desktop up to my big screen, no problem. watched the movie, no problem. thank you vm team for putting out a good product. just because you kickstart a project, doesn't mean that you get input in every decision. you are giving them money, so they can complete a project the way they see fit. deal with it.
went to midnight movie and brought a couple relatives who had never seen any veronica mars. i told them it would be ok if they never watched the show because i knew it would be a good time.  i was a bit nervous at first, but they were laughing and totally into it.  i am fairly certain they are now going to watch the show.  i did have trouble getting flixster to download, but i walked away for a day assuming there was 91k people trying to do it at once.  mine is working now.  again, really loved the movie.  don't want to spoil it for anyone by saying why.
a message to other backers frustrated by the flixster decision for backers: i think this might be a reason to never back a film on kickstarter again. if creators are going to take our money and turn around and cut deals with studios without our input, they don't deserve our support. i know the download mechanism is a relatively small thing in the grand scheme, but it shows a profound disrespect for input from backers. i hope rob and others are looking at this and realizing what this does to the reputation of crowdfunding. if studios think they can use it to get fans to fund projects that they can turn around and steer toward their own profit, we need to show them that fans simply won't tolerate it. if we help fund it, we get a seat at the table when it comes to basic things like how we want to watch the movie.
never received a code for my digital download. emailed the info@ email address three or four times and no successful response (a form email and then "rejection" email, whatever that is). pretty resigned to the fact that i'm never getting my digital copy. did get my t-shirt and script, so that's something. hope someday the physical copy makes it to me. it's been kinda a frustrating bummer.
also to jason hicks, i wasn't angry about this until i logged into kickstater and saw that i could pay to watch it on itunes instantly.  seriously - that sent me from frustrated to pissed.
have spent an hour+ trying to get flixster to work - it downloaded to my machine (the zip file) and then errors each time i try to open.  i copied to my hard drive - no dice. it looks like all who had success are not using a macbook.  rob's mention of contacting 'customer service' gives no address on how to do that.  anyone know?  frustrated.  i really did not want to spend hours i could be watching the movie to download it.  surely there is an easier way here?
@mark l and everyone else. flixster will not provide itunes codes for problems with the vm movie using their software. their customer support is treating this like a typical retail purchase even though i clearly indicated it was part of the veronica mars kickstarter campaign. here's a quote from their csm email: "....however, as indicated on the packaging for warner bros. titles, it does not include an itunes file, and itunes does not currently support streaming or downloading of ultraviolet movies and tv shows." i followed up my initial support request email with a copy of the error log file, and have not gotten any further response. i'm pretty much being ignored. does anyone else here find it ironic that if you go to kickstarter.com.  there is a big banner for the movie with a link to watch the movie on itunes when we, as supporters are forced to do so using ultraviolet / flixter?
i got to see the movie friday and i absolutely loved it!  i am so happy that this movie was finally made.  it was everything i could have ever hoped for.  snarky and hilarious and dramatic and amazing.  after watching it, i just wanted to buy another ticket immediately and see it again.  rob thomas is a genius writer and everyone in the cast did an amazing job!  thank you so much for all coming together to make it!
http://www.rafflecopter.com/rafl/display/0736761/ i found a ticket at the theater and sense i already had one, i wanted to give it to a fan who could not go as a memento. enter the give-away if you are interested.
just watched and i am so happy with the movie! great job!
i came back to this page to find out info about the alternative downloads being offered - only to find that a so-called "fan" named "tina betz" has used this space to spoil the plot.  do not scroll down if you haven't seen the movie yet.  after kicking in $35 and waiting all this time... thanks, tina.
finally got to watch the movie and loved it! the intro had me worried but once the actual movie started i was in love and it left me wanting more. in the end, happy that i backed the movie but the delivery of the digital download definitely marred the experience.
will watch the movie again in cinema today. let's support this project!
emailed support yesterday,i received the copy of the script but sadly i am still waiting for the email to watch the digital version :(
went to the paleyfest panel. loved. saw the movie friday night with a crowd of folks who loved vm so much they sang along with the closing theme song. loved. am not loving flixster's anti-pre-10.6.8 stance, which prevents me from downloading the video, but because i can watch it if i click "watch" instead of "download," and because the dvd's coming, i can handle it. yay, me! and yay, rob, cast, and crew for knocking this out of the park. especially (spoiler alert)... ... the presence of dave "gruber" allen, which always kicks things up a notch. (not that big a spoiler, but you can never be too careful.)
fantastic effort guys! the movie was everything that i'd hoped for. outstanding performances by everyone and the script was great. very glad that i backed the project and i'd probably do it again for another show.  :-) the digital distribution, on the other hand, sucked donkey balls. flixter will only let me play it on my pc, which has a small screen and terrible speakers. pointless when i have a media player and surround sound that flixter won't allow me to use. when i emailed the complaints line the reply suggested downloading from either amazon or itunes and they'd reimburse. not really much help as both of these also only supply a drm coded version that won't play without software only my pc would have. in the end i had a friend torrent it for me. guys... i *want* to do the right thing here but is it any wonder that people pirate when hollywood can't even get it right when they go out of their way to try?
side note: lets try to get an itunes redeem code out to the backers instead of flixster...ok? thanks again.
just got back from the theater here in l.a. wow! rob you hit that one out of the park! so well balanced. you pulled it off for the fans without leaving new arrivals in the dark. you must have been saving up one lines for the past 6-7 years because you had some zingers that had everyone in the theater cracking up and cheering. loved how you set things up in the end. i pray the powers that be get the numbers they want cause if that movie proved one thing its i want more veronica mars more than ever. move over james bond veronica mars is in town. so congrats to you, the cast, the crew, and my fellow backers we created something we all can be proud of having a hand in. i just hope we get more. once again congrats rob. you rock!!
guys, i really, really, really, really want to watch the movie with my wife before the end of this weekend.  i've not received the link to download the film from filxter and have written to customer services, who have done little more than send me an automated response.  am i the only one in this fix?  can someone sort this out?  would be grateful as the weekend is almost over in this part of the world.
@tina betz:  thanks!  i've been a little disappointed by all the negativity.  i completely understand frustration, but working in a creative field (i work in theater) i am painfully aware of the sometimes frustrating and also emotionally charged relationship between fans' expectations and the realities of creating art.  i hope time and support will heal all wounds, so that we can move forward together, because i sure was left both satisfied by how great the movie was, but also wanting so much more veronica!!
worth. every. cent.
oops, desktop, flixster desktop app
do you have that flixster sektop app? you have to download that from the website, it looks like a popcorn bucket
it showd it in my collection but i can't watch it on my computer or roku. very frustrated as i been trying since yesterday. any tips?
so i buy a lot of blu-rays (and thus also redeem a bunch of uv codes) and flixster does something rather annoying that may be tripping a lot of people up. they have a tendency when you enter your uv code to sit ,and spin, at the end of the process like it's waiting on something. it will sometimes come back, and sometimes just sit like that forever. however, when it does this, the movie does get added to your account (give it up to 5 minutes). if this is what some of you are seeing after you type in your code then go back to flixster.com and login.  don't click redeem a code again, but go to your profile (click on your name in the upper-right hand side of the screen).  from there you should be able to see your collection and the movie should be in there.
is anyone else having trouble creating a flixter account? no matter what i do it won't let me put in a password
went to the theater yesterday to see the movie and loved it! but now i am at home and want to watch it again but flixster won't work!! i will probably just go see it at the movies again tomorrow, but i want to be like my fellow marshmallows who have gotten to watch the movie four or five times at this point :(
@nancy, where are you located? did you try the online chat during the day? i don't know if they are available 24 hours.  ivan was saying earlier that if you buy it some other way like itunes and then send the receipt to the information@veronicamars email address, they will refund you.
awesome news nicole, i have gmail too and thank goodness none of my veronica mars updates get shafted to any of those other columns! haha! if rob would just tell us a number, we will get the sequel!
ok, so i've been reading about all of the flixter difficulty, so i thought i'd wait until things died down and try.  midnight the next day seemed safe.....evidently not.  site didn't load during the first half hour i tried.   when it did load, the code had "exceeded the number of downloads".  just can't win on this.  have a ticket out on flixter (i think), but i guess i won't be watching this tomorrow either.
i just wanted to let you all know, i thought i hadn't received a code and was really upset about it but i use gmail and it would up in a tab i don't have enabled. when i searched in my gmail "veronica mars"  however it popped up right away. if you've been waiting a while, try doing that.  after downloading and watching via flixster/ultraviolet, i have say that it was easy once i found the email. i loved every minute of the movie and will do whatever i can to ensure a sequel. please please please please please.
rob, i'm going to need bloopers lots and lots of bloopers!  also extra scenes (you know which ones i'm talking about) also maybe you should tell us what number you are needing for a sequel.  if we know the number, we can reach it, otherwise we are just blind right now and don't know how many times to see the movie and although it is torture(haha!) we promised to go to the trenches for you!  thanks for everything!
is there going to be a backer update soon? i'm guessing i'm well behind in the digital support backlog and have been checking out the twitter accounts and comments feed for info. however, i've scrolled quickly past hints and possibly outright spoilers, so i'm not going through any twitter or the comment section anymore.
so, flixster tells me my movie doesn't exist when i went to redeem it and since the code only works once. i am fucked. i loved the movie and wanted to see it again. i am glad i backed this, not fucking thrilled with the ultraviolet services.
thank you for a fantastic movie. i loved every minute of it.
so great! loved it!
i just finished watching this movie i have been waiting that i've have been waiting for since i finished the last episode of season 3! i have to say i am so happy. thank you guys for doing the series some justice. there were so many things as a huge fan that made me jump up and down out of my seat. amazing job to everyone involved. i feel so excited to have been apart of this experience. fingers crossed for a sequel!
thanks from two very happy marshmallows--using the digital downloads, we synchronized our viewing long distance and squealed/laughed/screamed out loud in terror together. no spoilers, just the satisfaction of an incredible continuation of a great story. keeping our fingers crossed that we make enough to get to vmars 2 :d
just wanted to pipe in that i was one of those fortunate enough that flixster didn't cause me problems viewing the movie. i added it to my account, added the channel to my roku, linked it, and five minutes later, i was enjoying the film on my tv. i feel bad for everyone who had/has issues. i'm not a big fan of flixster either (if i download the film to my laptop, i can only watching in flixster, not my player of choice), so i do agree this wasn't the best choice. still, i'm glad i backed this film, and stoked that it's finally out for all to see.
@amanda check your spam folder... also if you're email is a gmail account, it quite likely ended up in the"promotions" tab of the web interface. @jason you might find some consolation in update 89. i'm with you on the flickster/uv thing, i've fought my battles with it over the past few years, and refuse to get back in the ring. i will be requesting an itunes download.
please help! i still haven't received an email with a code for my download!!! i am hosting a viewing party tomorrow with friends but i still don't have anything to view. i put in a support email but i have not received a response.
adding my two cents to the flixster debate...i too couldn't get flixster to download on my mac but i just created a free ultraviolet account and got it there. even better, because i did that i'm right this second watching the movie through vudu on my blu-ray player and loving it. i don't begrudge others their opinions but for me, it was frustrating but totally worth it!
congrats rob kristen, et all for the movie. my wife and i went to see it at a sold-out theatre here in ottawa, ontario. well worth the trip to see it on the big screen. that being said, your decision to distribute via ultraviolet / flixter is a total fail. this will not work on my pc, and customer service is not helpful. basically i've been told that the problem is on my end and there's not much they can or will do. while i'm happy to have supported your effort and pleased with the rewards and the film itself, your choice to use this platform was a big mistake and i won't support any future efforts or pay for any products that use it as a distribution tool. it just doesn't work well. good luck and hoping for a sequel... no future support from me unless you avoid uv / flixter. jason
i went to see it at the theater last night and i'm thrilled with the movie you made for us!! i loved seeing it with a packed theater of fans/backers. we laughed and screamed at the screen like it was rocky horror. and no one got upset, cuz we all were doing it. mac working for kane?! "oh, dear lord!!" those were my exact words and the stranger beside me simple said "damn, right!!" we couldn't be happier. so get working on those books and just let us know if you need more backing for the sequel. we're on it!
i want to say that i am really thankful, after all the trouble i had with flixter, for the help the customer support gave me. i just saw the movie a few minutes ago, and it was amazing. the movie was/is worth every bit of the hassle. i hope it gets a wider release, b/c it totally stands on its own.
i just came back from austin, watching the movie was a great experience, i loved every second of it. i'd back the next one in a split second. i just wish it had a broader distribution, not having one theater in san antonio show the movie seems like nonsense to me.
ron, kristen and all the people who made this movie, you did an amazing job. loved every minute of the film. thanks for the fun, informative updates and the swag (even if i did get a rash from wearing the shirt without washing it first). no trouble with flixster on ipad and roku
for those of you having problems with flixster, look into connecting it with a vudu account. that's how i view all of my uv movies, and it works perfectly.. i, for one, had zero problems. i loved all the updates. all my swag arrived when promised and in pristine condition. my uv code worked. the movie was delightful. i haven't downloaded my script yet (i'm waiting to go to kinkos so i can have it bound properly) but i have no doubt that it will work out. that is all. :) thanks for a great time at the movies.
how in the world was flickster the best option. can't get it to work. seems like this is too big of a project and everyone worked so hard for it to be such failure of distribution. sent an email to customer support waiting for my answer.
rob, kristen, jason, chris, enrico, percy, tina, ryan, francis, krysten, and everyone else involved in making this movie, thank you. thank you for never giving up on this project. thank you for never giving up on us fans. i was lucky enough to be near a theatre that was having a midnight showing. i have to say you guys did not disappoint me in the least (although i am a little sad veronica still doesn't have a pony). my fingers are crossed for us not having to wait years to have this happen again. this whole experience was well worth the wait. so thank you again...from the bottom of my marshmallowy heart. <3
it was sooooo good, perfectly done movie.
i got to see the movie today and my poster arrived today as well! it was an amazing movie. the only trouble is my poster arrived missing the cap for the poster tube and the poster was damaged. am i the only one who that's happened to?
i haven't even gotten the link to down load the movie. i've contacted them but haven't heard back. i'm getting pretty frusturated
add me to the list of people unhappy with flixster.  very unhappy.  kinda hard to get excited about the release when i can only watch it on an 11" macbook (instead of our 65" tv…flixster doesn't allow "dual monitor" setups).  i'll get over it, but…fail, fml, and all that…  sorry.  congrats on the project otherwise.
saw the movie through the flixster program after downloading it from their site (my only issue was that i couldn't watch it online i guess because of my dual monitor setup - flixster didn't like that?) but wanted to say it was very enjoyable and fun!  good to see so many familiar faces again, hope to see a sequel while everyone's still young!
so happy to watch my movie, had an flixster account issue and they people at flixster where great and fixed it right away. would never dream of wanting a refund. i pledged for this movie to be made cause i wanted it made. i would have and expected to shell out the money for the ticket when it came out. so glad to see it included. love it all.
...and i have no idea how to contact you privately so that my information is not shouted out to the world.
if that's what it takes to show that we really do value and appreciate you guys? for sure. message the kickstarter account or email veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com if you want to discuss.
@ivanovitch: ...seriously? because that would be marshmallowly. (yes, i am suggesting we vmars fans use 'marshmallowly' as a word to mean awesome, amazing [positive sentiment, generally]).
what if we haven't even received the email to attempt to use the code.  i have a flixster account connected to vudu, so i (naively) think it should not be a problem.  just need customer support to forward/resend my e-mail.
@alex: not sure what currency the refund will appear in, but my uninformed guess is that it would be whatever your original pledge was in? or whatever you purchase the new download in. customer support will be able to tell you more about that. and if you can't wait until you've got the money to get the code, let me know: i'll gift you a copy myself, and ask customer support to reimburse from my pledge. :) like i said, i know this solution isn't perfect, and doesn't make up for the time you've lost, or the frustration you've experienced. i wish it could. but we can still give you a better experience now, so we'll do our best. trust me: there's nothing i want more than for you guys to have a great experience, and feel proud of your decision to help support the movie. we'll keep doing our best.
...okay, i have to say i'm impressed with how this is being handled--flixster is not working for a lot of people, myself included, but being able to buy the movie on preferred platform and send the receipt to get a refund is great. i've already sent an email explaining my problem--and i just did grocery shopping so it's a little hard for me to come up with $25 for the movie right now--so i need to wait before i buy it. one question i do have: how will this refund be given to us, and will it be given to us in the currency we spent? i helped out an american youtuber in 2012, and halfway through the project he was all "i'm gonna pay you 10 bucks per hour you spend on this", and i felt a little cheated because ten bucks of my final payment went into converting it into australian dollars that i could use.
i just wanted to balance out some of the negativity by saying thank you so much so much to the cast and crew for making this movie for us. as with anything, of course it is the people having issues who will be the most vocal as they, completely understandably, need to vent their frustration, and have their issues heard. but there are many of us who had a really positive experience and not all of those people will be as compelled to post their feelings. to everyone who is having trouble with downloading the movie, i'm sure it will be resolved for you soon and i promise the movie is worth the wait!
@ lori dixon: well said. i think it's safe to say that your description is spot on with regards to how those who haven't gotten their movie stream/download code emails are feeling right now.  there are backers currently living in countries where the movie isn't being shown in any cinemas (i would know - i'm one of them) and so the digital option is their only way of seeing the movie they helped fund. i've sent emails and have yet to get a reply, and what makes things worse is that the only place that really gets updated is the project pages - which at this point are positively overflowing with spoilers by those that have already seen the movie, making so that any attempt to scout for useful information difficult. all in all, not a pleasant situation, and one that in my opinion should have and could have been avoided were it not for the execs who clearly forced the hands of those responsible for the movie's distribution.
flixster.  sucks.  seriously. this is worse than healthcare.gov.
i can tell you my only expectations for the movie when it got funded were: it would be made and be in some theaters (that i knew would be nowhere near me) and that i would be able to watch it via the digital download when they said i would be able to. the first one happened, and is apparently awesome, which is what makes the disappointment regarding the second expectation that much worse. if you've already seen the movie, then imagine you were all geared up, in line to see it, and then they said "nope, theater's full, and there are no more showings. but here's an email to contact...have fun waiting for hours for a response about when you might get to see the movie." and then getting no response, and having no idea when you'll get to see this movie that you helped make happen and have been looking forward to for years, while everyone else talks about how amazing it is. that's what it feels like. if wb execs are watching this, i just want to say that they should've let rob and the people truly in charge of this kickstarter distribute this movie the way they wanted to; i highly doubt it would've been such a clusterfuck if they hadn't forced ultraviolet and flixter on their biggest fans.
@ susan stroupe, thank you for putting it in better words than i could.  my expectations were to bring my favourite show to the big screen and that is pretty much it, everything after that is cake.  happy to hear you got to see it with your close friends,  i had to corrupt a couple of mine.
saw the movie last night with two friends who i now live 3000 miles away from...i couldn't imagine seeing it with anyone else, and we gushed for hours over dinner afterwards.  am having difficulties with the flixster download but i'm going to be patient (and yes i realize my privilege of being able to travel to see the movie).  guess all i have to say about this debacle, and in general how we consume media these days is:  when you work in a creative or generative field, there are three factors that contribute to the product--cost, time, and quality.  you can get the best deal on two of three, but not all three, meaning it can be cheap and fast but not good, good and fast but not cheap, or good and cheap but not fast.  team vm is doing their best in the circumstances given, and i think any ire we have over product should, instead of making us implode and never support team vm again, start a larger conversation about 1) how those in charge the big companies that run the hollywood machine treat their consumers and 2) the realities of what we as fans actually want.  before you pick up your pitchfork and light your torch, ask yourself:  what were your actual expectations when you donated to this project?  how did you think those expectations would realistically be fulfilled?  these are not sarcastic questions; this is a great opportunity for us all to better understand what the processes are for us to be entertained in a global and digital society.
@jessica, i certainly didn't mean to chastise you or anyone else, just disappointed that you can't find a less public way of dealing with it like all the email options or rob on kickstarter. like i said before we are being watched a lot and our response is going to determine the outcome of future movies perhaps being released in digital formats to prevent pirating in the future.  i think it will also determine if wb green lights a sequel.  if i were a wb exec and i felt the way about vm fans that they do, saw the negative media that again anyone can get for just $1, i might not want to give a sequel to the fans either.  i didn't mean to spoil anything, was responding to someone else, apologize for that.  just do what ivan suggested and you can see the movie too and get a refund.
@jessica: totally agree with you. no one should be ganging up on anyone, and we don't blame you guys for your opinion. we're working as fast as we can to reach out to people with answers and better options. i'm sorry you haven't gotten a response yet. if you send us a message through kickstarter (to the official account), or to veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, i'll make sure we answer you asap. and for everyone, please know: 1. if you'd like to talk with us about what happened, we'll do our best to respond. right now, our top priority is making sure everyone is able to see the movie asap. 2. if you prefer another platform to flixster -- itunes, amazon, whatever's best for you -- go ahead and get a copy of the movie right now. no waiting involved. then send the receipt to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com, and we'll make sure we refund the full amount you spend. we do want you to have the version that makes you happiest. 3. if you already ended up getting the movie through another service or platform, we don't want you to be stuck paying twice if your rewards included a copy, so again: send the receipt to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com and customer support will make sure to refund you the full amount you've spent!
it was a little disappointing that the film wasn't in the format i would have liked, but i was still able to watch it, and i'll be buying the bluray when it comes out anyway. i loved the movie and i hope there's more, i have no regrets about backing the project and would definitely do so again.
newsflash for tina betz and others who are ganging up on anyone who complains:  we are fans, too.  we paid our money, supported the project, and are now very, very disappointed not to be able to see the movie we have so eagerly anticipated.  we've tried to go through the appropriate channels by e-mailing the customer support link and we get no response.  then folks like you make it worse not only by chastising us, but also by posting spoilers. i am disappointed in this whole enterprise.  i still haven't received my download link.  rob thomas, warner brothers, and others behind this project owe the fans -- and yes, that's all of us! -- more.  they are the ones who need to "undo the damage," by making sure that backers can see the movie they invested in.
took less than 30 seconds to get the movie up and running. i honestly don't understand all the people who say they have problems. i guess there is a reason dvds are still popular, it is standardized and everyone understands how to use it.
sooooooo happy warner bros released the vod version at the same time as the theatrical release! i loved watching it and was so happy i didn't have to wait until the baby-sitter, night-working husband, stars aligned! fantastic movie - can't wait to watch it again (and again and again) all in the comfort of my own home!
so happy to get my download code ! but the only problem is... i'm french ! (yes it can be a problem ^^) and i don't understand everything in the us version of the movie :/ so what for franch backers ? there are some vod platform in france which provide the movie in french, but as a backer, if there is a way to get it without extra cost, i'm really interested ! ^^
it makes me nervous to see quite a few critics saying it is mainly for the fans and not compelling for regular movie goers.  i know that we got every inside crack of the movie but i thought it was good as a stand alone movie.  if anything i was thinking it might draw people in to watch the show and then they will appreciate the movie more and want a sequel with us?!  thoughts?
yesterday flixster only showed a "checking redemption code" message even after multiple attempts all day, i gave up and paid 6.99 to rent the movie in itunes. even though i was planning to watch the moviefor free if it had worked, the 6.99 was well worth it.  of course, now flixster is working, but i am glad i rented the movie from itunes as i don't think i could have waited until tonight to watch.  very happy with the film and fingers crossed the story continues.
and here i thought the submarine promise was just a joke.  but it could have actually fit in the movie.  well played, rob, well played.
i had trouble downloading the movie through flixster last night.  so being the impatient person that i am, i purchased it this morning through amazon.  and my verdict on the movie: five out of five stars.  i loved it.  it was even better than i imagined. rob and kristen, you are constantly thanking us for being backers.  i want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to be a part of something so awesome. this whole process has been so much fun.  and again, the movie was excellent!!  i loved it!  i only hope it was the first of many more movies.
@ mark, so sorry! i promise not another peep of spoilers
* i completely loved the movie! every single bit of it. * i felt an active role in the entire process, even at my lowly contributing fund amount * i will contribute for vm2 if the opportunity presents itself. * i hate that the media is tarnishing our stellar run towards converting the entire world because of a digital snafu that i think is being handled as best as possible towards resolution. overall: extremely well done (to rob, kristen, ivan, staff & cast) with effusive thanks!
now 24 +hours and no code no script ...... bad!!!!
i spent 30 min trying to figure out flixster --> ultra-violet --> vudu but i'm now downloading the movie.  at least once it's downloaded i can watch the movie on my tv via the ps3.  but that will have to wait because tomorrow the wife and i are driving an hour to see the movie in an actual theater!  i'm excited the movie is out.  i hate having to wait to see it, but i'm sure i won't be disappointed! it's all i could not to read the script yet.  ha ha.
@sarah reynolds: please, no spoilers!
i really enjoyed the movie cant wait for the books
great movie! bravo, guys :)
@ sarah, i agree about piz, i feel like we all love piz, just not with veronica and his character couldn't handle being around love.  heartbreaking scene but had to happen!
i went to the theater today to see the movie.  i loved it!  rob, let's do this again!!
i didn't get an email with the download code - refund me now!
i feel a little heart broken about piz, not gonna lie. always have been on team logan....but why even bring piz back just to break his heart again?job well done on the movie, though!
getting flixster set up on my xbox took literally seconds.  no problems on this end at all.  i would have preferred a download link, but i'll wait for my dvd to come in the mail and this will do wonderfully in the meantime. i have been so impressed with this kickstarter, it has set the gold standard of expectations. from behind the scenes updates that came on a weekly and sometimes a daily basis to tons of stories and footage, rob & the team has really made me feel like a valued participant.  thank you so much.
@ josh, thank you for the tip about vudu, i will check it out, after i watch the vm movie on demand!  it seems like international fans are getting the short end of the stick though. rey, if you havn't gotten the code yet, did you add the address to your address book?  contact customer support, they should help you. let's get a sequel!!! love are happyish, jason says that he has discussed sequel ideas with rob for logan! we have to know how weevil is too!
for people who want an alternative to uv and flixster, rob thomas suggested that backers contact customer support (info@theveronicamarsmovie.com). he was not kidding!  i got fantastic results! they gave me an immediate solution at no extra cost. for some reason, they have not posted the details publicly and i will respect that but before you pay for an alternative format, give customer support a chance.  i predict that you will be blown away, not just impressed.
the movie is amazing. thank you for giving us exactly what we waited for 7 years. now can we get a sequel? i have my money ready.
i still haven't gotten an email for my code to watch the movie
i messed aroudn with the flickster/ultraviolet crap for about 15 minutes before getting cranky, then i checked the tried-n-true alternative 'bittorrent' and of course, found the mindlessly simple download of the 1080p hd version that i donated for; impatience pays off again.
really well done, gang! now, when can we expect a sequel? ;^)
glad i could help some people with vudu.  sucks it's not available for international users.
i share fan's anger/annoyance at being forced to use flixster but after installing the app onto my ipad and signing up for flilxster and uv, i had no problem downloading the vm onto the ipad and watching it. i really wish we had an itunes file but the picture quality of vm through the flixster app is acceptable. by the way, great movie!
i have a ps3 and ps4, but seeing as i'm in the uk the app isn't available (just checked). i noticed its on the ps store.  hopefully if nothing else wb will allow me to download it on that.  i'd rather actually have my own copy, but c'est la vie.
thanks to the comments here i was able to get it to successfully stream from my roku on at least one tv, for a few minutes.. internet has been iffy all day. didn't know that you could link vudu to flixster. that was the one thing i was missing.
ashley, what systems do you have? do you have roku? tina,  download vudu on the ps3. you'll have to create a vudu account and link it to uv.  it will port in all of your flixster movies if you have flixster linked to uv.  do the registration on a computer.  it will take a few minutes.  it will be awesome when you are done though
@josh, how did you get it on your ps3? is there a flixter app on there?  you need xbox gold to get the flixter app on there, need itunes to get it on apple tv
to rob and everyone involved. the movie was amazing and exceeded my expectations. veronica mars has held a special place in my heart since it was on tv years ago and to see this movie and be a part of it has been truly special. thank you all for your talent and all of your hard work and for making another intelligent, inspiring and beautiful piece of art.
josh the game system i have doesn't have a vudu app.  i just figured i'd end up with a copy of the film i paid for. thanks for your help though.
ashley,  your flixster download is not a mp4. you can't watch it without flixster.  drm...  link your flixster to uv,  create a vudu account and link it to uv.  then watch on your game system,  roku,  smart tv or any other device with the vudu app.
that's what i'm saying guys, people pay a $1 and they can see all this bickering, we need to stay focused, maybe just purchase an extra copy cause we need it to hit the number too.  as much as i felt about the wb before, they have given us extra money once we proved we were out there and dedicated to bring it to larger amount of theatres and the online retailers are going to be part of the count too.  i have the digital copy, went to the theatre, going to try and go a few more times again (depending how long it is in theatres) and i am going to buy it on itunes as well.  i want a sequel guys, do we want a sequel? if we do we have to work hard for it!
if you code doesn't redeem through flixster then that's a problem. they'll fix that and send you another.  it's possible some codes may be bad.  if that's not the issue then tough. i've seen people complaining about creating multiple accounts. like its hard work or something.  it's mostly been self-entitled apple users.  it seriously took just a few minutes to do this and get it going on my ps3.
i've downloaded it through flixster and gone to the folder where it saved but can't see anything.  anyone have any idea how i can get it so its an actual mp4 (or whatever) file so that i can plug it into my tv?  would rather watch it there than on my pc.
as previously mentioned i was not able to redeem my code due to a number of issues with the sites involved.  the progress of that went nowhere so i was given nothing.  i spent several hours of my afternoon trying to make it work but it didn't happen.  after all was said and done i ended up downloading the webrip by 2hd...  the "excellent copy" wasn't good enough for me because i couldn't watch the damn movie.  that said i'm done with this petty argument.  tina is right about one thing people are watching.
thank you josh
hikari,  you were given a code that you can redeem and watch very easily.  if you are unhappy with it then go buy it though another service.  you were given an excellent copy but for some reason that isn't good enough.
@hikaricore i understand that it is disappointing when technology doesn't work and maybe something else would have worked better but this kickstarter is being watched closely by the public and that is the larger story here.  we broke records to fund this movie and now the hollywood reporter ( one of the biggest blogs out there, be it gossip or whatever) is reporting that there are talks of the wb refunding kickstarters their money, translation investors that invested in the movie want money back for whatever reason is bad.  they may not give us a sequel even if we do hit the number, you know how much the wb loves us already.
i'm all for multiple alternatives.  amazonbs, itunesbs, uvbs or mkvbs.  most codes included with movies are uv/itunes. honestly,  we don't need amazon. uv/itunes is fine.
@tina:  very few people are asking for a refund here.  i think i may have seen a grand total of 1 since yesterday.  most of us are just looking to get what we pledged for which has not occurred.  it is a huge deal to us that the movie got made since that is the entire reason we're here.  but not being able to watch it day one as promised without buying it again or downloading it from a torrent is a problem that can't just be glossed over by lumping us together as "negative fans" next to your smiling face.
i keep telling you josh that there are many alternatives and you keep focusing on one.  they could have very easily provided us with a survey a few weeks ago asking which platform we wanted our code for (amazon, itunes, uvbs, etc) or if we simply wanted a download instead.  options should have been provided before the shit hit the fan and they're only going to give them to us now that it's all blowing up in their faces.  would you please stop citing itunes or defending uv and look at the bigger picture?
dear wb, thank you for helping us bring our movie to life and funding the extra money needed to bring it to a larger amount of theatres.  these negative "fans" are not representative of the larger group of true veronica mars fans.  if we hit your number, we would greatly appreciate a sequel.   i also apologize for the negative media you are getting as a result of these fans and their comments. to these "fans" you ought to be ashamed of yourselves, we made a great movie and you don't appreciate it enough to stop bitching about downloads not downloading, and what other format it should've been in, and that is just your opinion, not hearing good things about this other format either and there are problems with all technology.  over all this noise, you have all lost site of the original goal and that is veronica mars.  your comments are being made public and being written about in multiple articles and forcing the wb to refund money, not good news.  if you were the wb would you give us a sequel even if we did meet the number.  there is a lot to be said for pr, good and bad.  it was all good until you all started bitching and blaming rob, the wb and whoever.  i am ashamed to be associated among you and i feel like if you aren't on board with this anymore and you care about value for money and can't see the bigger picture, perhaps you should leave.  if you get a refund for your measly $10 you just can't live without, then maybe this kickstarter wasn't affordable for you in the first place.  i want a sequel and so many others do as well and we are willing to spend whatever and do whatever is needed to make that happen. this kickstarter campaign was for goliath to finally hear all the davids crying out for help and understanding.  now that we got it, we are finding out who the true fans are and who is in it for the rewards.  it's not about the rewards for me, it never was and i bet there are others, many others who feel the same way.  thanks for ruining what was supposed to be the best moment for us when everyone is watching us and i hope we can undo the damage you have done.
doesn't work, what the hell is going on.
well people that don't want to use itunes would be handcuffed to a platform they don't own if they used itunes only codes.  there is no way to please everyone.  i applaud them for choosing the most open platform.  i and most everyone else would have had to buy an apple tv had they gone that route.  at least with uv it supports many different devices
i enjoyed the movie immensely. i am lucky enough to live in a city with an amc only 30 minutes away, so i got to see it on opening day.  i bought a copy off itunes when i got home because i really love supporting this project.  my favorite part? deputy leo and veronica's banter. ruskie business was always my favorite episode. i thought it was a great comparison that someone made earlier in the comments, likening our contributions to pbs funding and their rewards.  i like to think of it as girl scout cookies. i love eating the cookies, but i really buy it to support the organization and the girls.  if i wanted just cookies, i could buy fake keebler thin mints for half the price at walmart.  i do it to support the cause.
@josh yes itunes is drm, locked down..  no question, it's just that many many people are happily locked down and invested in that system, good or bad,  i have chosen to be invested in the apple ecosystem since my apple lle in 1983.  if it were some small, insignificant startup like oh, say flixster, or uv, i might concede that it's my problem.  uv is a lame attempt at replicating apple's system under control of the content creator. apple has its top to bottom ecosystem. it has everything except the content creation.  when creators get involved in distribution, exclusive distribution, it creates problems, inconsistencies, incompatibilities. look at bluray/hd-dvd , vhs/betamax, minidisc/dcc, these platform battles, backed by different studios/labels helped no one.  diversification in end user systems helps no one, it just confuses the customer base.  this exclusivity dictated by wb, particulary when other options, which not only exist, but are offered to the masses, frankly, is the biggest problem. i am really upset with this process not because poor me has to use some system i have chosen not to use, it's the bs policy decision to cut the backers out of options, and the technical problems,  compounded by a kickstarter splash screen adverstising to download on itunes.  that to me was the final straw. hopefully they can do smithing to respect us backers.  i'm sure rob is not happy with this and had his hands tied by wb who used their power to try and push their other products.  for me they failed on that note.
i went to the theater yesterday and saw the movie.  it was absolutely everything i could have hoped for.  i sat their smiling as the characters i love and know so well were back!  i laughed, i was surprised, and very happy with the ending.  i have since been reading the script at every chance i get and plan to watch the digital download again this weekend.  i so badly want this movie to do well and for people to go see it!  would love a sequel!!!  thanks for all your amazing work!
if you acquired a drm-free version and are looking for subtitles (english or other languages), try here: http://www.opensubtitles.org/en/search/sublanguageid-all/idmovie-167821
i'm in the same boat as many others. i got the script but not the link or code to download. it really feels like backers got taken advantage of. we provided the momentum and basis for publicity, to say nothing of the initial capital. but non-backers got to see the movie first, for the same or lower price. rob thomas's machine has been great about publicity but can't manage to make things right for those who believed in and supported their efforts. i am extremely disappointed.
hikari,  there were many posts and tweets begging for amazon or itunes.  my post is blanketed towards those. people will always pirate but a studio isn't going to distribute a multimillion dollar project without drm.
i wish i had the flixster problems but, alas, i've not yet even received my code and there's been no response from customer service as of yet. i did, at least, get the script via e-mail and the temptation to read it is oh-so-high but it's not the same. hopefully i'll at least get to watch the movie opening weekend even if i missed release day...
@josh:  on the topic of piracy in regard to a drm free format, the film was available for download on tpb prior to the email we go and still is.  i actually had to download from a pirate source in order to watch it on day one.  your move.
@josh: i never said anything about itunes.  that was you.  :)  what i said was that we deserved "options" from the beginning.
sorry veronika, that you can't use vudu.  try target ticket or cinema now.  they both link with uv and are superior to flixster. it does suck that international backers can't use vudu.  it truly is the best service for watching movies.
and itunes isn't "drm-laden"?  itunes is the most restricted platform of them all.  if flixster says you have an account then you probably created one long ago since they have a theater show times app. i personally hate flixster.  it's a terrible service that often doesn't work properly.  i don't use it.  my accounts are all linked so as soon as i redeem there i turn on my game system or roku and watch what i just redeemed (on flixster) through vudu. i think the problem was lack of instructions.  rob or pr could have had people create these accounts way beforehand.  then when. the codes came it would have been copy, paste and then stream. i'm sorry people have problems but when people just start bitching about needing itunes (which would f over 79% of users)  or mp4 (very easy to share and pirate)  then i think they are being dumb.  itunes codes only benefit itunes users.  everyone can use uv.  if someone needs help i can walk them through this.  let's just stop attacking rob because we are confused.
what i was afraid was gonna happen....did.  flixter won't play my digital copy.  thay acknowledge i own it.  they say i should be able to view, but i can't.  they say they are aware of the problem, and they are working on it, but i still can't watch the movie.  i am most frustrated and very disappointed.  24 hours since i redeemed my movie.  hours on tech support with flitter...still  can"t watch it, can't download it!  just have to sit and watch everyone else enjoy it.  very disappointed!
@josh - we are not dumb as you called us, vudu is only available in the us. i know it is hard to sometimes comprehend but there are places outside the usa and people live there, some of them even backed this project and expected to at least being able to watch the movie somehow. which i so far have not been able to.
i'm actually very happy you didn't use itunes.  i understand how to use uv so this was very easy.  i'll stream this through one of my many connected devices.  had this been itunes i would be stuck watching it on my ipad or pc... ew... for those not liking flixster you should create a vudu account.  when you link them up you'll be very happy.
is there a better place where backers can talk about the movie, rather than the download experience? i don't want to post spoilers, but i really do want to have a conversation about the events in the film. fwiw, it took me two tries to download the flixter app. no, i'm not happy with it or all of the ad spyware that it attempted to install. yes, i'd have much rather had a download of a file that i could actually keep and do with as i please. but all in all, not that bad of an experience. i'm certainly not asking for a refund.
@josh:  the people who are complaining are not dumb, they (we) are understandably upset that the promise of a digital download was less than genuine.  the point is there should have been options to choose from and that didn't happen.  instead we get stuck having to create two accounts and install a piece of drm laden shitware on or computers/devices if this is even possible.  i'm sorry but vudu can claim that their movies are forever as much as they want and in 5 years they can easily just shut down.  the process as you describe taking only a few minutes turned out to be impossible for some.  i wasn't even able to make a flixster account as it said my email addresses were already in use.  password reset didn't send an email to any of the 3 addresses i tried and i'm sure as hell not making another email account just to sign up for something i shouldn't have had to in the first place.  the entire situation was handled badly and only now when we're raising a stink do they even bother offering alternatives.  this entire mess could have been avoided if there were multiple redemption avenues in the first place.  i think you are ignorant to the actual issue since you yourself had no trouble while many of us did.
boy, really disappointed. drove 300 miles to see the film yesterday and was really hoping to watch it today which has become impossible because flixster knows nothing about my film in uv even though the accounts are connected. when i go to reconnect using flixster's troubleshooting it just sits with a big black empty box in the middle of the screen and goes nowhere else. refreshing my collection on flixster doesn't give me the movie. dang
why are we being burdened with uv dls? do you think we funded you so that you could treat us like we're here to boost some shit doa vod service? first the shirt was literally the thinnest crappiest shirt i have ever received. seriously. it was terrible. i would have mailed it back but i'm bit sure it would have handled being mailed twice. i could clearly see through the black shirt. now you send us a link to a service that nobody wants to use. nobody. just send out itunes codes immediately and salvage your reputation. wow. what horrible treatment for your backers. what are you thinking?
people that complain about uv are dumb.  it was new and confusing several years ago.  it's the standard now.  sign up on the uv website,  redeem code on flixster,  link flixster to uv,  create a vudu account,  get 5 free movies and link to uv.  now you can watch the movie on xbox one,  360, ps3, ps4, roku, pc, mac, android and apple using the vudu app. plus you don't have to download it.  had it been apple then only 21% of users could have watched it. amazon would be ok but then you are limited to amazon and their license that can end at any time.  with uv you can watch through flixster,  target ticket,  cinema now and vudu.  vudu says you have their movies forever.  the people complaining are too dumb to realize that the process takes less than 5 minutes and you can watch the movie almost anywhere.  i agree that flixster sucks but redeeming the movie their allows you to watch it on vudu (if they are linked to uv)  which is what i prefer.
flixter/ultraviolet worked just fine for me. i copied the code, pasted it into the link provided, turned on my ps3 and there it was. easy as pie. had they used itunes, i would have had to download the movie onto my pc and either watch it on my tiny laptop or hoped i could transfer/stream it to my ps3 which doesn't always work, so i'm quite happy with the way it worked out.
just watched.....so happy to see it made and loved it.  thank you everyone for all your hard work and thanks to the other backers.
seeing the movie in theatres was such a fun experience, and i encourage everyone to go to see in theatres if you can. not only is it fun to see our faves up on a huge screen, but the audience reaction is a ton of fun. loved all the squeals of delight, cries of sadness, and screams of horror. my audience was insanely psyched for the movie. often, there was so much excitement that some of the dialogue was drowned out (thankfully i have the screenplay to read!). it was definitely wild to see the show with a huge group of fans. i mostly watched the series by myself, and never more than with two other people. such a thrill!
so i have seen the movie now... and i love it !! i had a huge smile on my face the whole time and i have you to thank for it. so rob, kristen and the gang thank you so much !! it felt really good to be back at neptune and to catch up with what feels like old friends. i am deeply grateful for that. it was funny, thrilling, moving and much more. so many awesome lines, cameos and most importantly veronica / logan and veronica / keith scenes. it was definitely worth the wait. i can't wait for the sequel (there'd better be a sequel guys !) in the meantime, i'm just gonna re-watch the movie a few hundred times. again, thanks !!!!
http://www.ign.com/articles/2014/03/15/marshmallows-melting-down-over-veronica-mars-movie-download-troubles… http://www.deadline.com/2014/03/veronica-mars-kickstarter-donors-angry-flixster-ultraviolet/ https://za.celebrity.yahoo.com/news/warner-bros-refund-angry-veronica-mars-contributors-053300662.html http://variety.com/2014/digital/news/veronica-mars-donors-beset-by-digital-download-glitches-1201134226/ http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/veronica-mars-kickstarter-backers-receive-688835 http://www.411mania.com/movies/news/316388/%5bmovies%5d-veronica-mars-fans-angry-over-download-issues-for-the-film.htm
the movie was great! scenes are still bouncing around my head and will be watching it again very soon. it was everything i envisioned when i backed this project. thank you to all cast and crew! (by the way, still can't download it, but watched it streaming on my laptop and it was great despite the less than smooth picture. i'm confident that all these problems will be corrected in due course; looking forward to watching it on my big screen.)
to those upset about complaining over the digital downloads, the blame all lies with warner bros.  it was their decision to force people to use a platform that most were unfamiliar with, while most of those who were familiar with it do not like it.  if you google any news story relating to ultraviolet, you will see that it has been a failure thus far and has not gained any significant traction. most people, even those complaining, understand that there will be day one problems.  if the studio had provided codes for itunes or amazon, people who had difficulties downloading wouldn't have bitched at rob about it -- they would have placed the blame on apple or amazon, because they know and understand those platforms and would understand where the problems came from. on the other hand, if you force people to use something they don't have experience with and/or don't want, then they are more likely to blame you for the problems. it bums me out that this happened because warners' decision to use a platform that they know is unpopular and largely unknown (and which has never had to deal with this amount of sudden traffic -- unlike amazon and apple) marred what should have been a great day for rob and the team.
thank you, thank you, a million times thank you!! my husband and i made it to the midnight premiere and it was a pretty full house! everyone seemed to have love-d it!! i know we did! i have never felt so passionate about a tv series to hold on this long in hopes of a movie but you did it and you did it for us - the fans!! huge thank you to rob, kristen and the whole cast. you have made my year!! this was a damn perfect movie that stayed true to it's tv roots!! loved seeing everyone click back together - it was soooo good! already downloaded my flixster copy, purchasing my itunes copy next weekend, and have plans to see it at least one more time in the theater!!! thank you again for bringing veronica mars back into my life!!! it was worth every penny i gave, and every one i wanted to give!
saw the movie last night. i loved it. thank you rob, kristen, and all of the cast, crew, producers, director, backers and those involved with getting this project funded. i'm going to see the movie again tomorrow. can't wait!
love it was great
rob, kristen, everyone involved. this is the happiest/best weekend of my life and it's because of you guys. maybe we donated to help get the movie made, but not one tv series or movie series has such a dedicated crew that would hang on after years off the air. and you passion for veronica showed in the movie - it was fantastic. spoiler. you gave veronica the ending she deserved, but you also wrote it in a way that leaves it open to continue. that seems like it would be tricky - but you did it. thank you for caring about this as much as we do!
my t-shirt has a hole in it :(
i am having a hard time understanding the vitriol of "fans" on here, with so many codes sent out there are going to be problems. if you want the movie to succeed you should be buying a copy anyway. if i lived closer to one of the theaters i would have paid for two tickets to see it on the big screen. i am more than willing to pay $7 for a digital viewing. and yes i do have a code for a free copy but i want vm to make money - a lot of it.
@jennifer lee...i had the same problem with not being able to enter the code in chrome or ie (ssl certificate error), but i was able to get it to work in firefox.
congratulations on an excellent movie! now, then, about reviving the tv series .... flixster worked just fine for me. no problems with it. many thanks to all the cast and crew on vm!
@chad: that makes up for it to 22,000 people. what about the other 40,000+ people?
so... the shooting script. i've just compared it to the final edit of the movie, and... well, in the first thirteen pages i've already noted that there are discrepancies. seems to be partially explained by the rev. 2nd yellow... but i assumed, i guess, that the shooting script we got would match what was shot for the movie.
i had some initial problems with downloading the flixster desktop but i persevered. loved the movie!. want more,more,more. mini series-another movie,anything. need to know, for  sure, who drove the truck!
i loved the film. i thought it did a great job of showing how corrupt neptune has become over the past few years. on the plus side, it looks like the corruption worked well in keith's favour---he has a new house and office!  the film captured the noir elements of the tv series and turned it up to 11. things got dark for carrie, susan, gia, luke and sean. combined with the "adult language", the movie felt like how the show could have been on showtime.  the production values were great! the car crash and fight scene were awesome. i would have loved more wallace, mac, and weevil, so i am hoping there will be more films, or better yet, another tv series.  this comment doesn't even cover all the veronica, logan, keith elements i loved! i've already watched the movie twice and am looking forward to the first book later this month. also looking forward to the bluray and the bonus features. i am a very happy fan!
to rob, cast & crew: thanks so much for making such a terrific film. to wb: thanks for green-lighting this and supplying the extra $millions and staff to make this such a success. it has been an amazing experience and without question the best kickstarter project ever. it has been great to be even just a tiny part of it all. regarding the digital distribution gripes, it is sad to see the disgraceful funneling of misconceptions and day zero problems into hatred for this project and the people who created it. flixster, for better or worse, was the only confirmed distribution method from the very start of this project. day one, page one. there was never any mention of drm-free. it was heartening to see the response of rob & wb to address those problems so quickly (update #89). what a team!  even the mac viewer app download file was fixed late last night. but after all that, this must surely show, even to wb, that drm serves no one. this movie was available in full 1080p by pirate sites more than 12 hours before the na codes were even emailed. meanwhile flixster/uv has been officially distributing less-than-720p versions and a broken mac viewer app for downloaded viewing. that’s to backers and paying customers. drm makes customers suffer (if not now then years down the road when uv is dropped/replaced and their purchase becomes useless), yet thieves are unaffected. if this project can hasten the demise of crippling drm, then that will be yet another heralded accomplishment of this worldwide, record-setting endeavor.
release day two and still no code here. the test message came through fine earlier in the week, but nothing since. no response (aside from the automated one) from wb customer service, either...
i know i'm in the minority here, but love the flixster use. i have a roku, so i got to watch it in the theater yesterday afternoon and at home on my tv at night. loved every minute of it and it still feels like a dream that this even was allowed to happen. =)
had no trouble with the movie on flixster. well, a bit... i tried to add the code right away after getting it, and i guess i wasn't the only one, so it take me a few minutes. but once it was added, it was in my ultraviolet library and it worked in vudu. nice turnkey solution. it means i can play it on any of my tvs or any number of other devices in my house. that wouldn't have been possible with an mp4 or itunes/apple tv. for the less tech savvy, flixster/uv was the way to go. i was actually excited to discover it was going to be distributed through ultraviolet, so it could easily be added to my library and available to me any time i like, anywhere i am.
just watched the movie and i loved every bit of it.
such a great movie! it made me miss the tv show again.
"in the end, flixster was the best option for getting the digital movie reward out to all of you, worldwide, at the same time."  huh?  you put the movie in mp4 format on a server and provide a link to the people who paid for it.  louis ck managed to do it.  then the backer has the file and can do what they want with it.  what, you're worried about piracy?  the movie was torrented in every possible format before i got home from work yesterday.  spitting in the face of your backers to try to force this ultraviolet bullshit on them did nothing to prevent that.
everyone who has problems watching the movie should buy it on itunes. it's only a couple of bucks and it increases the chance we'll get more vm in the future. more success = more vm! :)
the movie was great, and i'm only a little bit miffed that i had to buy a copy from itunes since flixster doesn't work for me.  still cheaper than a trip to the theater to see it.  one suggestion: to make up for the snafu with the digital backer rewards, maybe make the "making of" documentary available to those of us at the $35 level digitally also, once the problems are ironed out.
flixter refuses to let me watch the movie. apparently my owning and using two monitors is a digital rights monitoring violation.
despite all of the uproar i have heard since the release of the digital version of the movie, just want to say that i approve of the choice of ultraviolet as the distribution method. not a massive fan of flixter but since it's part of ultraviolet, i can play it on the vudu app which is available for pretty much anything higher tech than a calculator. which means it can be watched on xbox one, ps3, ps4 and wii u as well as android and iphone. great job on the movie by the way. so when does the new series order come?
the movie was wonderful! like many others i was cursing flixster. i thought i was going to have to rent it from amazon or itunes. managed to watch from that site streaming after trying many times.  i don't want a sequel. i want a series so i can watch these great characters with fantastic dialogue every week!  thanks so much for this movie.
just finished watching the movie and i loved every bit of it. makes me want to take the 2 day's of work to see it in the cinema.
question, since there was never an option to chose between sd and hd i assumed it would be the better of the two, is there an issue with flixster on this or was i just wrong? it's not a huge problem but i don't tend to watch in sd unless i have to.
rob thomas proclaimed in update #89 that customer support can provide alternatives to flixter. there must have been enormous pressure to use flixter, since warner bros. is the parent company. i am delighted and profoundly grateful that an alternative format will be available. i tried repeatedly to download the flixter desktop application for mac but it is broken.  there is a two day wait for customer service, while other formats are available now. i am done with flixster!
so excited to get that download link in my email when i was at work yesterday.  stopped at the store on the way home for junk food, excited to spend a night in with my honey watching the vm movie.  got home, signed in/up for flixster and uv, clicked the redeem link and... dead link.  tried in ie, tried in chrome.  dead link.  now it's the next day, and it still doesn't work.  i can't redeem my code, i can't watch the digital copy of the movie i was promised, i didn't get the reward i paid for.  i emailed customer service and got the canned response back.  i'm not gonna lie, i'm pretty disappointed.  i don't want to pay another $7 to rent from amazon or however much to buy from itunes, that seems unfair. this marshmallow is disappointed and frustrated.
accordig to deadline.com veronica mars is eleventh at the box office with only 291 theaters! it's amazing! we did it marshmallows!
well, i really wanted to watch this on my appletv, so i ended up paying for a rental. another $7.99 for the cause!
@stefano: exactly my thought! but then again, the itunes version has italian and english audio and a lot of subtitles, italian and english included, so i suppose it's a flixster internal problem, i think that the version itunes italy received and the one flixster received for the italian backers are the same... maybe there was a mismatch or something like that. we have to wait, i just hope that flixster won't give us only the italian dubbed version, that would be the worst :d
thank you for this movie, i loved it. it was worth the wait :d
everyone having problems with flixster like me, it appears to be working now as in i actually got the desktop to install and didn't have to wait 40 minutes for it either so obviously the massive amount of traffic has died down so its able to cope. would have preferred itunes though where all my other films are stored but after the ruined movie night last night i'm just happy to finally see it
vm will be released on dvd / bd in germany on july 24. dvd http://www.amazon.de/veronica-mars/dp/b00iyp82je/ref=sr_1_2… blu-ray http://www.amazon.de/veronica-mars-blu-ray/dp/b00iyp83pm/ref=sr_1_1…
@giulia: o_o yeah, very strange. i don't think they'll make an italian dubbing anytime soon, and most importantly i wouldn't want to end up with a dubbed-only version o_o i prefer original audio too, i'd just like to have english subtitles... which should be the easiest thing to do for them ^_^''
i just wanted to say thank you!!!!!!!! this has actually been a thrill ride from beginning to end! i am amazed at the time and effort you and the cast and crew have put into making this love letter for fans like me! i was one of the people who escaped the daily drudge by watching veronica mars weekly and i miss the characters and the volcanic snark dearly. thank you for not just "using" your fans but for respecting us and our intelligence. there is a short list of people who use or have used their powers for good in "hollywood" .  jim henson, gene roddenberry, joss whedon....mr. thomas i want you to know i consider you one of them! thank you for the updates, the swag, and a movie that i absolutely loved! rob thomas and cast and crew thank you! love always!
just finished watching the film & loved it great to see the old gang back together again, so when is the next movie going to be made, no seriously when.......
it's been almost exactly 12 hours since i started my download.  it was a long process, but holy hell it was worth every second. while i didn't love everything, the fact that i had a huge grin on my face at the end...well, that's what it was all for, right?
i saw the movie in a sold out theatre last night and already have my tickets for tonight and plans to go again on wednesday.  when do we get to kick start the sequel?  fantastic work, the movie was better than i was hoping it could be!
mashmallows, can somebody explain me a thing about the flixster support? yesterday i wrote them because my video was in english without closed captions, something it was supposed to be. they sent me a reply telling that my code was linked to a copy with italian audio, and that they're going to present "exciting news". so? i would be satisfied with the captions, i prefer the original audio anyway, but i don't understand how this is helpful :d are they always so cryptic? @stefano: as you can see from my reply from flixster, it seems that they don't know what to do. they didn't mention the subtitles at all, like it isn't an issue... and the fact that the player doesn't show the options makes me think that the subtitles aren't supported, even though it's super strange.
@giulia: thanks for the reply. too bad, i thought that *english* subtitles would have been pretty standard for the industry nowdays. anyway, i'll watch the movie anyway, i'd just have enjoyed it more with english subtitles.
should hit $1m on friday in north america.
wow! just got the email about alternative viewing services due to flixter hiccups -- you guys are so cool and on top of it. i really appreciate the thought, the effort, etc. put into the communications and customer support. looking forward to seeing the film! :)
i'm so happy with the movie!! everyone did such a great job on every aspect and i couldn't help but smile at every scene. i loved seeing all the old faces back again. the cameo by dax was hilarious! and it was so lovely to see jamie lee curtis too! all in all, i'm so grateful to be part of the project and am super proud of what has been achieved with this amazing movie. now i'm off to see it again and again!
caught a uk cinema showing last night, and it was utterly delightful. it put me in the same frame of mind as watching the first few seasons of the west wing, or indeed the vm tv show. i was just one big constant smile, punctuated by more laughs than anything has elicited in a long, long time. likeable characters with witty dialogue are all too rare these days, so it's been a privilege to have had a (very small) helping hand in bringing more of that to the world.
well after being so careful of spelling mistakes in my english i see i made a great mistake in  spelling the name dick.  haha....and it is such an easy name too.
@stefano: sembra di no, io l'ho scaricato e ho controllato i flussi del video, ci sono solo audio e video, niente sottotitoli. purtroppo con il player di flixster non è possibile aggiungerli... trascinarli non funziona e sembra non esistano le opzioni
still waiting for my digital download after multiple emails to customer service and nothing but an automated reply stating how busy they were to show for it.  considering that they knew well in advance exactly how many backers would be looking to download the movie this is really disappointing.
netherlands, 3-15-14 well, i seen it. (fixter worked perfectly) after all the craziness and fun of the last year, yesterday was movie time ….. and how i love it.  to see all the familiar faces on the screen took me right back to neptune and for me that is a happy place. i was laughing, clapping and sometimes a little shocked while watching. spoilers: very happily surprised of the career choice of logan, could not get enough of dirk (that’s new), veronica kicked ass as she does, great lines, very nice outcome, sorry piz  and i love the (open) ending (if you need us, just tweet!). i am really proud to be one of the backers and really proud of the movie. rob you keep saying that it is you who is thankful to the backers but know that we are very thankful to you, the cast and the crew for listening and allowing us to be part of the movie in all kind of ways. that makes us all a good team and look what we deed! we made a great movie.
i just finished watching the movie. i. freaking. loved it. worth every penny i gave, and the year of waiting. i remembered all the reasons i fell in love with veronica in the first place. thank you, everyone. (now when's the sequel? seriously. i need more vmars in my life!)
amazing achievement guys! just a question, is there a way to get english subtitles on the flixter's streaming version? i didn't find a way. do the downloaded version have them? english is not my native language, but with english subtitles i'd be totally fine... well, i should be pretty fine even without them, so it's not a big deal, but if i get them it'd be better :d
i don't normally complain in public but i'm really angry with wb for shafting us - again. tried to get the movie streamed/downloaded on several devices and ended up wasting 5 hours and still didn't get to watch the movie on release day. this has really tainted what had been until now a really positive experience.
the movie was lovely, enjoyed it very much. the digital download worked fine (i'm in the netherlands; not 100% happy with flixster from a tech standpoint, but i'm not going to nag about that here). when's the next veronica mars movie coming? (just kidding, though it would be great :) )
@petra -- it's about five lines above that in the same email -- info@theveronicamarsmovie.com. you'll also find it on the faq page. hope that helps!
thank you immensely for the movie. shame on you for using flixster. that is all.
thank you, thank you, thank you! the digital download worked fine and the film was more than i could have ever hoped for. the film was indeed the love letter to fans that we hoped it would be. much love from one very happy australian marshmallow.
hey rob, i've gotten your email concerning the flixster download and read with joy: "if you contact our customer support team, they can help." great! now where the feck is a working link to this fabled "customer support team" so that i could - you know - actually contact them.
since the season final.  wow, i'm out of words. this is so good!  norway loves you and veronica mars!!
this is amazing. watched the movie last night, it is everything i hoped for! veronica is back, and i really loved it. you all have done a really good job. i've waited for more of veronica mars since
flixsters android app is not available from the appstore in europe. plus i just don't want to install anything on my computer to watch a movie. so i'm just downloading the torrent and i will not be using my code. it's fine anyway, i supported the movie and i'm going to watch it the way i want to everyone should be happy. but seriously, next time just let us download a non-drm .mp4 so we can watch any way we want. this drm stuff is just pissed off those who supported the movie.
to rob, i have never had a love letter written for me but your script and this movie is the best love letter i could have ever received.  i know you and the cast and everyone involved with the movie are thankful to us kickstarters but you fought for us, you wrote this amazing piece of artistry and congratulations, you deserve every good thing coming your way. to all my fellow kickstarters, i am disappointed like others to hear some blame rob and even more disappointed to hear and see the negative news coming from that.  if you can't download the movie from flixster, that is all flixster.  rob always comes through for us. when we were waiting impatiently for the movie to open, there were some people that questioned why the stars with the money couldn't front the movie and why we had to pay for it.  the answer to that question is we marshmallows had to prove that all of us existed and we had to prove to the suits at the wb that we were dedicated to the show and this movie.  the wb needed to know that if they made this movie, the theatres wouldn't be empty or there wouldn't be just 20 people with multiple twitter accounts sitting in a nearly empty theatre.  i am a full time student studying for a degree in communications and money is hard to come by for me, but i would pay anything i need to make this movie happen and i did happily contribute as much as i could.  i knew i was getting a digital download for me but i wanted to see the movie in theatres with friends that i got them addicted to vm as well.  on top of that i will be getting a dvd/blu ray but i will also probably buy it on itunes, to 1. have it on my preferred streaming option and 2. to give more money to our movie guys! look what we did, we forced the wb studio to give us our movie and admit they made a mistake cancelling it too soon.  it is unheard of for a tv series to produce this much action, we broke records together, we not only reached the wb's measly 2 mill mark, we trashed it in fine marshmallow fashion like only we can and we kept going all the way to 5.7 million and left the wb in awe of our dedication and we made rob and kristen so happy! the money i contributed is worth it to me even without all the awesome rewards that we got.  i would do it just to make the movie to give to us, the rewards were just icing.  it is so hard to get a movie made, we willed it to happen, we came out in droves and we made a freaking movie.  for me to be able to watch this movie, i would pay whatever and i have talked to my friends and we are going to reach whatever number it is to get a sequel.  we are going to pay to see this movie a few times in the theatres, buy blu-rays, itunes and other retailers to give as much money to our movie as we possibly can.  instead of whining after the fact if your download doesn't work right away, message the support team, and just be patient, you waited like i did almost 8 long years, what is another few.  sorry you are having problems, i had a couple too but i stuck it out and got it done. i am grateful for everything rob gave us and i am going to try and give as much money as i can to this movie, promote it and promote some more.  i want this sequel and i hope a lot of you are with me.  thank you rob, you are the best!
sorry it may be a silly question but when will the scripts be sent out? i picked up a copy on itunes and loved loved loved the movie :) thank you for reconnecting my to a piece of my younger life
traveled two hours tonight to see this on the big screen with my parents and niece (all of us marshmallows). i don't even intend on using my digital download. best night of my life! sounds crazy i'm sure, but being in a sold-out theater with other marshmallows was just an awesome experience! people talking about the show before the movie, laughing at the in-jokes and references to the show, clapping at appropriate parts, etc... definitely going to be one of the most-memorable movie-going experiences for me. for years i hoped for a "veronica mars" return. never thought it would actually happen. so sitting in a theater and catching up with these characters was just amazing. i couldn't believe it was happening. especially being amongst so many other fans. anyway, enough about that. the movie was everything i hoped for and more. my expectations were so sky-high that it would have been easy to be letdown. but that didn't happen. the movie is fun, funny, thrilling, and the cast hasn't lost their charm. especially kristen bell, who effortlessly steps back into the role she was born to play. and the very ending will leave a smile on your face. as the movie ended several people applauded, including myself. "veronica mars" proves you actually can go home again. no fan should walk away from this one underwhelmed. thank you rob thomas, kristen bell, the kickstarter backers, and everyone who made this movie possible! i doubt this is the last we'll be seeing of veronica mars (right? right? please don't let that happen!). so glad to hear all of the reports of sell-outs. the rest of the evening showings here sold out too. so cool!
saw the movie last night in theatres and reverted to my 20 year old self - which was a good thing in this instance. what an ridiculous, amazing, and wonderful trip it was revisiting some of my favourite characters and seeing what they've been up to for the last 7 years. it's funny, as i approach my 30th birthday, i'm realizing that my favourite tv shows  as a teenager and young adult were the type of females and role models that i strived to be one day. characters like veronica, though flawed, gave girls like me hope that i could be kick-ass and confident and just not give a flying...well...you-know-what...what anyone else thought of them. so in no small part, my love of veronica mars and what she stood for has helped shape who i am today, so thank you rob and kristen, for everything.
i want to reiterate that although i'm still only at 43% on my download, and completely jonesing to watch the movie, i'm in no way upset about anything.  i fronted my money to see more vm, and i'm so super happy that it actually happened.  i think this whole project was fantastic.  i just really want to see it!  i already have a boat load of articles bookmarked to read afterwards because i'm afraid of being spoiled.
i think if the downloads had gone off without a hitch it would have been a miracle. with the kind of numbers we are talking about and the fact that we, with our multiple devices from multiple brands, are trying to set up accounts and download apps etc. there is room for both human error and technical glitches in spades. the veronica mars movie folks are filmmakers not a tech company. i paid for this film to exist not to have it in my possession by a certain date. i was fortunate enough to see it 2 days ago and luckily had fans around to talk about it. however it is very easy to remain unspoiled i would think. i hope all the marshmallows are respecting a bit of a grace period before making gif sets etc. i can say one thing without spoiling and that is you can't get spoiled. seeing this movie in its entirety, start to finish, no matter what you've seen in trailers and set photos will feel fresh yet familiar in the best way possible. savor it. in a way, i wish i could see it for the first time again. can't wait to buy the book. it'll be the first non ebook in years for me because i just want to hold the actual book in my hands.
watched it tonight after a hard week at work.  you guys nailed it!  well done!   no problems with the uvvu or flixter (actually watched via roku).
dear rob goal met. you created a great movie. it left me wanting more but i am glad us marshmallows have this movie. thank you again!
i expected a digital download. flixter is not digital download; it's a drm-ridden streaming mess. perhaps it's my fault for not reading the fine print. another disappointed marshmellow.
seriously, though. i can't say thank you enough. thank you! (don't worry, i won't post again after this)
i saw a midnight showing in the wee hours this morning (last night), and i loved it. i got my download code, fiddled with flixster on linux, and realized i wouldn't be able to download or stream it without borrowing a windows computer. i procured a quick digital download using other means, drm-free, and it plays great! i hope to never deal with flixster again, but i'm a big fan of this movie, and i'm glad i supported it! i'm going to get the books too. thanks!
thank you thank you thank you thank you. i made my pledge to help get the movie made. the perks are just added bonuses. i forgot which perks i was even going to get. i loved being able to watch it in theaters (which wasn't even in the original plans) so i could enjoy it with other veronica mars fans! this was an amazing experience and i love everyone involved forever for making the show reach this milestone! it hurt when vm was cancelled. i still hold it against the cw even though logically speaking i can understand why the decision was made. still, marshmallow for life and this added so much to the story and made it perfect! thank you, rob, for making it happen.
loved the film- well worth waiting all this time for it. you guys did the fans proud.
i'm seriously embarrassed by the attitudes of some of you people in the comments. kickstarter is now where you buy a product. you buy a promise. an ideal. so you saw your movie 12 hours late. so what. maybe you had problems with flixter, which, quite honestly, is most likely user error. so what. your donation to the campaign is similar to when people donate to pbs. you're not buying the crappy watercooler. you're buying a connection the cause and getting a small something in return. beyond that, rob thomas is the not the end all of responsibility for the project. just because his name is on the page doesn't make it his personal sole responsibility. his name is more than just a person, it's a brand. there's no possible way they could have hired help lines and the like that some people seem to require to figure out fundamental internet usage. that's what google is for. people are acting like a man named rob thomas took 5.7 million dollars and disappeared. but instead some people are having to wait a few extra hours, maybe days to get the prizes for donations. considering all that's going on and that 90,000 people are mass downloading scripts and videos and the massive amount of work just the notification system probably took, people need to be more understanding and less worked up. conclusion, take a chill pill, marshmallows.
"it's not rob's fault. it's the studio". sorry, his name's on the kickstarter. he's responsible. we were told a digital download. streaming on a second (third? fourth?) rate website is not a download. now, having procured the movie via other means. i will say that i love the movie. so, the end result of this kickstarter, excellent. the fulfillment of it's goals. not so much.
well, don't know how flixter works yet, because i ended up renting it on amazon. i hadn't received my download code by 8pm edt, and w/ all the problems didn't really want to wait anylonger. i was very worried about being spoiled. of course the code came about 20min after i went on amazon. oh well.  that being said, thank you rob, kristen, and the rest of the vm movie crew. i loved the movie. so glad i didn't get spoiled. i don't want to spoil anyone either, so i won't go into too much about the movie yet. i had a great time watching and then rewatching the movie. it felt good to have some things tied up from the non-finale of the series. and it also feels like it's left it open for a sequel- if all goes well. thank you again for this, and yay to all of us backers that helped to make it happen.
i think i might have made a mistake, using earlier instructions to download it via ezyflix.  this bitch has been downloading for over 6 hours and is still at 39%.  if i had only gotten the email code before i went to work!!!!  gah.  oh well, hopefully it will be done downloading by monday.
flixster has made me angry, and it takes quite a bit to hit that mark.  i don't want to link flixster with facebook, yet it did it automatically and without my consent.  i don't have a copy of this on my computer that i can watch with my friends, and had i realized that flixster was the distribution choice, i never would have pledged.  i've emailed support but the whole ordeal has already been soured.  i refuse to watch this movie until i receive a copy i actually own.  i'd like to use bad words, but i'll refrain.  what a debacle.
first time using flixter.  no problems.  loved the movie.  all in for a sequel! :)  this whole experience has been so interesting.  thanks for a peek behind the curtain.
just for the record, had to pirate a copy of this so that i wasn't forced to download and use flixter for no reason.  poor choice, imo.
really, really pleased with the movie. no problems setting up flixster and watching in canada. still grinning 7 hours after the credits (inside; trying to play it cool).  i think we should set another precedent and kickstart the first kickstarter sequel next year. meantime looking forward to the books.  and i'm going to thank you anyway: rob, kristen, the whole cast, the crew, everyone. everything you put into this film shows, in every frame. thanks.
loved the movie!  i was able to see it in the early release last night.  it was a great experience!  on the way home from the movie i preordered the first book and i can't wait until it is released!  i appreciate the e-mail from rob & kickstarter team about the digital download issue, i'm crossing my fingers that i'll be able to watch the movie on my tv rather than my computer.  but even so, i'm glad to have been a part of this project!
hello, in the vein of digital services that dont work in other countries. i received the message "sorry, the redemption code you have entered is not valid for the territory you are currently trying to redeem from." i live in india, so i will admit that a lot of digital services like netflix, flixter, itunes dont work in india. as such, is there anything that can be done to get my digital copy?
loved it! great work rob, kristen, and team! i would say i'm happy to get closure, but i'm hoping this isn't the end! thanks for a great film. happy to have been a part of this.
nick - as others have noted, not all us services are available in other countries. besides that, i shouldn't have to mess around with trying to find something that works - i should have a file i can download and play on my system as i currently have it. the torrent played on my system without a single issue. this is an epic fail of the studio (not rob at all, and mark l, so right - can't blame rob, this isn't in his control), and why people pirate in the first place - it's a better service. that all said, i just got back from watching the movie a second time at a theatre and wow. fun! first - the place was packed which was lovely to see. and clearly full of fans, because we cheered when it started, and when regular characters appeared; we laughed our asses off at all the inside jokes (and you could tell the real fans in those moments); but perhaps the most fun was that i had watched it this morning so i got to watch everyone else have the freaked out reactions to the shocks and big moments that i had at home - and that was just hilarious and worth the price of the ticket alone. :d everyone clapped when it ended - the audience loved it - and not everyone there was a marshmallow, and there were some who had never seen the show at all. it went over extremely well. great experience! if you can go to a theatre - do!
just wanted to say to rob, the cast and crew, and ivan the wonderful--thank you. i loved the experience in austin meeting as many of you as possible and seeing the movie with other backers. i appreciated the attention that you gave us, the time you took with us for pictures, conversation, and autographs. ivan made sure my sister and i were on the same floor in the same hotel, in the same theater at the drafthouse, and procured an extra ticket for a last minute friend by finding a backer who couldn't attend and was willing to sell. the whole experience from last march until today's worldwide launch has just been incredible and emotional, but above all enjoyable on every level possible! i've seen the movie 3 times so far (in austin, at a midnight showing, and this afternoon on ppv) and i'm quite sure i will see it a few more times before that dvd arrives! thank you thank you thank you.
i watched the movie at the theater tonight and wanted to watch it again at home afterwards.  thanks to michaelm and his vudu advice, i was able to.  and thanks to rob, kristen, and all the actors and backers for the movie.
i absolutely loved it. thank you so much for making this love letter to the fans. i laughed, i cried, and most of all i felt like i was sitting down with old friends.
i am really looking forward to seeing this movie and am really happy that it seems to have worked out well for lots of people. however, a "digital version of the movie" which requires custom, nonstandard, superfluous software to play is a huge disappointment to me. i feel really dissatisfied about that. that's not really a "download" in any meaningful sense of the word. perhaps i was naïve to expect that this perk would be sent to backers as a regular ol' movie file in a standard format. rob, your comment about flixter being the only system yada yada... does not ring true and seems disingenuous, which is not what i expected from you. in the end, i will get this software working once and use it to watch the movie, which i will probably enjoy. then i will forget about the software and the next time i want to see the movie, i will probably have to fight the software all over again (if that company still even exists) to get the movie to play. it will be painful and stupid and annoying and will piss me off. i am sad to say that i regret this pledge, based on this issue.
hi rob! just watched the movie…six and a half minutes in when the vm theme song began to play, i was in full blown ugly cry mode. the movie was everything and more. thank you for doing the show justice. it was absolutely wonderful to see veronica back in the swing of things again. i’ve been waiting a frackin’ long time for this!!! veronica mars came at just the right time for me. when veronica mars first aired, i was a 14 year old girl going through the trials and tribulations of high school. to see a young woman who was smart, witty and sassy (extra points for sassy!) was a breath of fresh air for me at a time when the only thing television had to offer was unrealistically good looking twenty-something’s pretending to be teenagers and plots that only revolved around the next big hook up. veronica was someone who wasn’t necessarily the popular kid, or the over achiever type, she didn’t really fit in to any one group in school…and she didn’t care. i identified deeply with veronica as a teenager and i think a big part of me still does to this day. thank you for bringing a character like veronica to the small (& now big) screen! stay cool mr. t . (btw you are definitley way more awesome than that matchbox twenty guy!). can’t wait to see where you take the world of veronica mars next. warmest regards,  -preeti (a marshmallow for life!!!)
just finished watching the movie. the movie was basically everything i thought it would be, well except for all of the male nudity, wasn't expecting that. also, since people have been saying they had difficulty with flixter/ultraviolet i used my ps3 and vudu, and watched it in hd on my tv with zero problems. took less than a minute to enter the code and get it up and running. really very simple.
loved it!!!  i've watched it twice already.  i loved the all the references to the thing that happened in the series. i loved how the characters had developed but were still quintessentially the same.  i loved how it made me laugh in parts and be shocked in others (i literally jumped out of my seat three times while watching it for the first time).  thanks to you all for a great movie.  i am hoping that you get your sequel rob, because i desperately want to know what happens to weevil and with the whole sheriff department and of course to veronica and logan.
that was well spent money in support of an excellent movie that i just got back from.  please ask me for some more to keep it going.
kudos to rob thomas, kristen bell, and the whole vmars crew for making a great vmars movie!
finally ready to sit down to watch the film after 30 minutes screwing around with flixter/ultraviolet/vudu (thanks michaelm!). i know it will be worth it, but veronica would be telling me to "be cool, soda pop!" right now. :\   there's a reason over 600 million ios devices have been sold to date - they, and itunes, are easy to use. okay, now to enjoy the film!
i got my script and my code early this morning, it works great. i love the movie! i so happy to  see love again.thank you everyone who made this possible!
just saw the movie in the theater and i love it!  so happy i was able to support such an amazing show and help get this movie made.  thank you rob so much for making a movie that made this marshmallow happy and proud.  great job!!!
i'm a proud and happy marshmallow today! =d just done watching the movie and loved it! i doubt i'll get to see it in theathers here in brazil, but i'm very thankful i got to see it today, through the digital download! (had no issues at all, btw) great job rob, kristen and everyone else from the cast and crew! you did good! ;)
hi rob - i saw the movie on thursday night. i am so thrilled. i went to bed so happy and woke up so happy. will see it again tomorrow. the only thing that bugged me was that carrie bishop wasn't leighton. that did take me out of it a bit. but i know you tried your hardest to work that out. and i did imagine that it was raining when v comes out of the airport with logan.
loved it so much. took three hours to download from itunes but i was so happy to finally watch it. i will be ordering book as well. so glad i contributed. now im off to watch a vmars marathon and watch movie for a third time.
very satisfying! downloaded and streaming with any troubles. didn't realize how much i missed neptune. binge re-watching on amazon to enjoy the experience all over again :). thanks for such a great experience then and now!!
absolutely amazing.  i hope to see it in theaters, but until then i'm watching the crap out of my digital version!
just got done watching the digital movie with my wife here at home. we both loved it and are super impressed with what you and your cast/crew have pulled off. it is not easy to recapture the magic after such a long break.  but you pulled it off. it flowed seamlessly (excellent intro) right into the new story.  and the new story was wonderful. you knocked it out of the park. well done.. jim
loved the movie, thank you, can't wait til my dvd comes in the mail.  i had a bit of difficulty getting logged on but once i was ... it was perfect.
ok. i know i just posted an hour ago but i wanted to see if i could make this download thing work. i just got it streaming on the big vizio tv. here's how: following the download link from the email i signed up for the flixster and ultraviolet accounts and linked them on the account set up page. i confirmed veronica was in my new uv library and started flailing around for an ultraviolet player that doesn't exist. then i found out you can link ultraviolet to vudu as well. both my sony bluray player and vizio have built in vudu players. so i created an account on the vudu site and linked it to my already existing ultraviolet account. this, too, is on the vudu account set up page. once the accounts were linked i made sure that i could view my ultraviolet library from the vudu site. then i returned to my vizio since it has a keyboard remote. i launched the integrated vudu app and entered my new vudu login. and now i'm up to the karaoke scene. lot of steps i know, but it seems to work pretty solidly now that it's set up. picture quality is good too. this weekend i may try downloading a copy to my local system and see how that works. once again, i am thoroughly enjoying the movie. enrico colantoni, you're the best tv/movie dad i've seen.
i spent an hour trying to get the download to work, since i kept getting ssl certificate errors before i could enter the code (in both chrome and ie)...but i was able to get it work with firefox (which i had to download just for this). my first and last time using flixster or ultraviolet. not happy about what a pain the digital "download" is, but loved the movie!
i was so excited but now i'm upset.  i really wanted to see movie but the download is not working.
streaming without a problem online! the movie is great!
pretty disappointed i can't get the movie to download or to play online.  i can understand bugs in the system, but i really hope they look into how to make sure all of us who contributed actually get a digital copy of the movie...
just left the theater. the movie is sooooo good. great job to all involved!!!
just saw it in the theater with a great crowd. that was even better than i had hoped. thank you to everyone involved.
i'm tired of all the "don't blame rob!" "it's not rob's fault!" comments. are you giving him credit for the good stuff? then he'd better accept responsibility for the bad. my download is not working, and i feel ripped off that i will have to pay more to see a movie that i already paid $35 to help finance. i will not be supporting anything vmars related in the future, and may never support a similar kickstarter project again. there should have been an active help board created, or a help line; people on call to make sure that we could see the movie when promised. everyone knows flixster is hard to deal with. even if they were forced to use it, they should have handled it better. rob and co should be embarrassed.
i'm so happy i backed at a level that gets a dvd and can't wait to see the movie.  the flixster app simply refuses to install on my compy and my isp throttles bandwidth, so watching streaming is not an option.  can't wait to get the dvd and see the movie.
just finished watching - set up a flixster account last night, followed the url in the e-mail i received this afternoon and input my code... then streamed the movie via roku to my tv. my three-word, spoiler-free review: "when's the sequel?!"
since i haven't seen anyone else mention this, it seems like i'm the only one getting the message "your screen configuration does not support protected playback" while i try to watch it on the flixster's website? crap.
i am one of the people who can't seem to get a download - and i've just been skimming through some of these comments:  for those who are telling others "not to blame rob" - well, i'm a total fan of his and have been since the original 'cupid' - (still the best show he has been a part of, imho) and i support this project because of him.  but i would definitely say, he's been writing to us non-stop over all the good stuff - so put out a note acknowledging the non-download bullshit too!  come on rob!  speak to your people and at least pretend to feel our pain.
just for the record, i have no problem streaming the film with fiixster/uvvu on my win7 pc with the latest firefox. that is coming from someone who had never used flixster/uvvu before. i didn't bother with the flixster app, and have little to no issue. i watched enough youtube to know there are bounded to be streaming issues, but overall it was good, a reasonably consistent hd stream. i'm actually pretty pleased with the digital experiment wb did with vm movie. day 1 international digital release is just great, especially for us not in the great land of us of a where the release dates for films are all over the place.
i went with blu-ray level backing because i don't have the ability to download and watch on a large screen. i know there are literally thousands of backers who primarily gave to get the film made, but also to have a download to watch as well. i am surprised and saddened we have not heard from one person from rob's team or the cast regarding the obvious anger and frustration many of the marshmallows are experiencing. rob, where are you?
i don't really care who is or isn't to blame at this point. i'm just pissed i can't watch the movie i backed without either paying more money or pirating it.
@carrie: actually warner owns the veronica mars name, so rob couldn't have even done that [filmed in his back-yard], at least not if he wanted to call it veronica mars.
@phoebe try internet explorer if your on a windows machine. if you're still getting a ssl certificate error, run windows update, including the "optional ones" to ensure that the ssl certificates on your computer are up to date.
okay, i just have to say, i'm sure that if rob could have swung a way to get a drm free copy to the backers, he would have. he knows that we made this happen, he knows that this process sucks. wb is the giant, profit-oriented, terrified of piracy company that clearly made this decision because they didn't want drm free copies floating around out there. he is one voice against studio executives and the people who, in the end, produced the film. maybe we could have avoided all of this if rob had used a camera to film in his backyard, but that's not the movie he wanted to make and not the movie a lot of backers wanted.
@phoebe, scroll down a page or two in the comments. some people had to switch browsers to get flixster to work.
rob was the voice behind the project so it is still his fault.  don't just throw it all on wb.  they are only standing to rake in millions on the movie because he presented it to us.  otherwise it never would have happened.
****please take a look if you're having trouble**** for everyone still struggling, try vudu! (note: you need to be in the us or have something like hola or unblockus so that vudu thinks you're in the us.) you can register, link with your ultraviolet account and skip billing details. from what i can tell this only works if you've been able to put your code in on the flixster site... then search for veronica mars. there will be a download button. you'll need the 'vudu' app but at least it's working, unlike flixster.
haven't tried the download yet, but i did just get back from seeing it at a theatrical venue. congratulations, rob, kristen, jason, ryan, tina, enrico, chris, francis, krysten, daran, percy, and all you hard working folks who made this a joy to watch. (congratulations to you too, dax. you are a master of the dance.) somehow it looks like you spent slightly more than $6 million on this project. well done! now... when's the sequel?
@marissa hopefully rob and team see that and can negotiate that as an option for anyone who wants... great idea! [there's a support email, you might want to try asking them there]
it is still true: beware the ides of march!
any chance those of us with digital downloads (the $35 backing level) can upgrade to the dvd (the $50 level)? that $15 increase will be less than it costs me to buy the itunes version...
oh by no means am i suggesting to keep quiet... only saying that it isn't rob's fault, and asking you to stop blaming him. point your anger where it belongs, which is the execs at warner brothers, as they are the ones who created this disaster.
just got home from watching the movie at the theater, really enjoyed it. love all the cameos and nods to the show. got home, decided to watch it again, so went to my email to download it. flickster? ultraviolet? even dick isn't stupid enough to use those crappy services!!! guess i'll go find my digital copy from"other means" glad i donated, glad the movie was made. not so glad that they picked a crappy distribution method.
giving up getting digital download to work. happy movie got made but can't help but feel ripped off for not getting the copy of the movie i was promised.
@mark: this isn't a question of whose fault this, etc. etc. - we backed the kickstarter here. the money total on the right came out of our pockets. if we don't voice our displeasure here then this kind of crap will just happen again. being quiet about this isn't the solution. everybody involved in this kickstarter needs to know this was a gigantic misstep. there should be thousands of more complaints on here.
when i try to redeem my code on flixster i keep getting an ssl error. i don't really know what that means. anyone else having this problem or know how to fix it?
but here's one for warner brothers, if you're watching... your flickster app violates the analog rules by not supporting vga/analog monitors.
@james: a "digital download" or "digital copy", with respect to a movie from a major studio, has never been a file in a common format. it has always been a locked file that comes from a service like itunes or uv. [check any dvd/blu-ray in your collection that contains a "digital copy"]
for the record, i backed for the dvd/blue-ray for he simple reason that i know any digital download would be a drm encumbered nightmare, that i probably would never get to work on my mac, apple tv, or other ios device.
oh well i see how they are now. will not support any rob thomas stuff in the future.
i am very disappointed with th so-called digital download.  that would be a file, in a common format, i download to my hard drive and could play whenever i chose. it should not require a dozen extra steps and another annoying pogram to watch.  nor should it involve a "cloud".  total fail.
keep tell your self that. i for one want my money back for the digital download that i cant download.
@jeff how do we know he didn't?  just because it's on uv/flickster does not mean he didn't put up a fight, it just means he lost the argument to the people who hold all the keys.
@mark, i completely agree. somehow backers think that rob has ultimate control of this project. he does not. it's the wb who decided whether or not to launch this kickstarter project, it's the wb negotiated the theaters release, and it's the wb that finalizes the digital distribution deal. rob can voice his opinions, but it's the wb who makes the final decisions.
fu wb, flixster, ultraviolet, streaming services, kickstarter and lawyers.......never again! (this is me being respectful and considerate). got swindled on this deal.
bs he could have fought for the people that help make the movie.
thank you warner bros for creating a sub-par video distribution service so you could avoid paying a fee to apple.  flixter sucks and is over complicated.  the movie streamed to my roku earlier today (i tested to make sure) and now won't work at all.  all i get is a generic error message.  so pissed off right now.
it's not rob's fault, because rob had no word/authority in who or how the digital download would be managed... that is completely in the hands of warner brothers who own the rights to the veronica mars franchise. at the end of the day, even though we funded the movie, rob still had to answer to and satisfy warner brothers in order to get the movie made.
fyi mark in most people case as i have read in the comments it is nothing we are getting. the stupid app wont even install
so, let me get this straight. in order to play this on my television, so the whole family can enjoy. instead of my computer monitor, where only i can enjoy this. i need either a google tv, which i don't have or an xbox 360. which luckily, i do have! unfortunately i refuse to pay for their rediculous xbox live gold. since i don't play games online, the only reason for gold was to watch netflix. and i refuse to pay 8 dollars a month, so i can then pay another 8 dollars a month to netflix. so, there is no way for my family to enjoy the movie we've been waiting 7 years for. boo. luckily, there is pirate bay.
so is this the cast and crew saying the best way to watch this film is on a phone? there is literally no way to airplay from a phone or ipad, hdmi from computer to tv because of uv's drm? i'm not watching this movie on my phone. this is exactly the same as the film not being released for most people.
how is it not robs fault
hey everyone, i understand and share your frustrations with uv/flickster, but please don't blame rob for this. this choice would have been out of his hands, wb still owns the distribution rights, and would make those decisions.  it's amazing rob even got to get the studio to agree to a simultaneous theatrical and digital release, that is unheard of. so while uv/flickster is less than ideal, it is better than nothing [though not by much]
it's too bad we couldn't get vouchers for a discount at the theater. that would've been nice!
from what i recall, this is done this way (with flixster) because it is still in the "release" phase. when the movie goes to dvd, you will be able to get a more compatible download version. i am going to see it in a real theater!
yeah, flixster won't actually install. this is a bunch of crap. where is the mp4 download that just works, for everyone, with no problems? you know the movie is already up on pirate bay, so this is all just pointless frustration for your fans.
this is ridiculous. i can't even get a full download of flixter to even attempt to watch the movie. both i and my husband have been alternately trying to download it for over an hour. i have never been so disappointed. of course, all my friends who *didn't* back at this level have already bought (or pirated) and watched it. i've been looking forward to this for a year. i wore my t-shirt today. but i don't get to watch the movie.
it's pretty frustrating to back a project like this to find that i don't own the digital copy of the movie i was promised and that i could have just held onto my money and bought an hd copy on itunes for cheaper. the copy for sale on apple is more affordable and more universally compatible than the distribution method chosen. let that sink in for a moment. why bother with an unreliable service like flixster when a movie like this could have been distributed in various formats via a few different torrents? i shouldn't need to watch this movie via a desktop client or app. this backer tier should have multiple asterisks after it. technically, the largest kickstarter of all time is the first one to ever fail to give me the item i paid for.
hey, this is rubbish. i downloaded the app onto my ipad and now (after downloading the app and the movie) it tells me: "external screen detected" [that's my tv, thanks] due to contractual obligations, we cannot stream this video when the device is connected to tv/monitor." well, that is crap. the t-shirt was so thin i've not ever worn it, but, hey, i did not mind. not actually being able to see the film: really annoying. no: it is not playing near us. (besides, we don't have a babysitter.) do i want it on itunes? no. i don't use amazon (except, hilariously, for kickstarters. you've really blown it with flickster.
apparently the ultraviolet feature is down for me...
nick - those apps you mention are only available in the us. for us in the uk we cannot use vudu etc. flixster refusing to after several download attempts to install and  the movie is only released in about 5 cinemas in the whole country. i have backed this movie on the promise that i will be able to watch it on the day of release. this is not the case, unless i pirate it. this is why i am very disappointed.
i'm disappointed that the flixster streaming/download isn't working when we had a whole evening planned around watching the movie.  i ended up paying $7.00 to rent the movie through amazon since we had people over specifically to watch this tonight.  what a bummer!
so this whole release it on a crap service so everyone can get it at once worked well?  not. btw this is my reply from wb/uv. to my complaint. dear chris, thank you for your inquiry about your veronica mars ultraviolet™ digital copy. with ultraviolet™ you can stream your collection from the cloud to computers and compatible tablets or smartphones via an internet connection. you can also easily download and watch your collection offline while on the go. this is all possible through any of the flixster products, including flixster.com, the flixster desktop application, and the flixster mobile app for ios or android. although your ultraviolet digital copy of veronica mars is not compatible with itunes, we want to make sure you know that you can stream and download your ultraviolet™ movies and tv shows to compatible apple devices including iphone, ipad, and ipod touch. although ultraviolet™ titles will not show up in your itunes library, you can build a collection in flixster of all your ultraviolet™ movies and tv shows. additionally, you can stream and download your ultraviolet™ titles to your pc or mac, compatible android devices, xbox, and now roku. below are links to more information on how to stream and download your ultraviolet™ digital copy after you redeem your code on a pc or mac. download computer (pc or mac) ios mobile devices android mobile devices stream computer (pc or mac) ios mobile devices android mobile devices you can click here for a complete list of compatible devices. many digital copy users have expressed a desire to be able to enjoy their movies across a wider range of devices than they’ve been able to previously. through ultraviolet™ we are able to provide that ability for the first time across multiple platforms. you can add up to five additional members to your ultraviolet™ account so that your whole family can enjoy your movies and tv shows. ultraviolet™ provides ongoing access to your titles from the cloud, meaning you can enjoy the benefit of future enhancements to the service including the addition of new devices, download formats, functionality, and retailers. check back at https://support.ultraviolet.flixster.com for more information. thanks again for taking the time to contact us. we hope you enjoy your ultraviolet digital copy of veronica mars. and by the way, congrats on your movie! sincerely, rose warner bros. home entertainment group and flixster for more information about ultraviolet™ and to manage your ultraviolet™ account, go to uvvu.com.
well that was badly executed to put it nicely, can't even get the flixter desktop app to install after a painfully slow download never mind attempt to download the actual film, the ipad app cannot stream nor download it either and as for streaming it from flixter online?, over half an hour to buffer got me a not that great in video quality 9 minutes before it stopped to load again, the flixter app for win8 isn't even available outside of the us which might have made it easier but i doubt it. overall i'm very disappointed and honestly had we known how the digital copy was going to be delivered i would have chose to simply buy it on itunes instead
julie- those other services (vudu, cinemanow, etc.) are also available on computers, you can stream beautiful hd at vudu.com.  flixster is a piece of garbage, but there are many other ways to stream your uv content, if you're on this website you have a computer.  if you redeemed your code you have an ultraviolet account, go here: https://uvvu.com/en/us/where-to-watch   find a better place to stream the movie (on your computer or where ever else), there are many options, most of which will give you free movies for signing up.
i tried to do the digital download and it crapped out on me as well. i was promised a download and i got flixter, which was pretty much a bust.  doesn't work at all. thanks for nothing!
flixster/uv was nice enough to tell me i can watch the movie on my iphone. but not on my 65" tv.  because, you know, reasons...
good to see a few people talking about the issue: http://flavorwire.com/445429/veronica-mars-digital-download-is-a-clusterfuck-for-kickstarter-backers/ http://www.techhive.com/article/2108800/why-veronica-mars-embraced-ultraviolet-and-angered-fans.html with any luck tomorrow it'll be on larger sites and rob will do the right thing..  not that he needs to since he already has our money, but you know because it's the right thing and he cares.
flixster/uv sucks. i was told i'd get a download, not a broken stream. i doubt i'll kickstart another veronica mars movie if we don't get a real download of the movie like i pledged for. i didn't watch the movie yet, but i do plan to see it in theater this weekend.
created my two accounts. redeemed the code. now, for whatever reason, the darn desktop app won't completely download. every time i try, the 'completed' file is a different size that won't unarchive... *sigh*...  ... this is a far cry from the 'digital download' i thought i was getting on board for...
okay, is the movie not being released in all theatre's.....
jay - i would love to see it in a theatre but in the uk the closest to me is in london - 2 hours travel costing £30 + the cinema ticket.
hey, can we get downloads through a real service?
i didn't pledge for free streaming, i wanted a download.
i saw the movie this morning in the theater. it was awesome! i love every moment of the film.
oh, flixster's client runs on air?  ok; well, that's a non-starter. ftr, though, these are details deep enough i *really don't* expect even rob to be geeky enough to have known in advance.  i didn't get tix to the sold out local premiere, but y'know what?  i'm a grownup, and i won't call down a hex upon rob's head. and y'all should probably grow up too. why aren't you out in a theatre tonight?  (and the only two valid answers are "i'd have to drive more than an hour" and "they were sold out", btw)
i'm really disapointed in the way this project turned out. got off work, went to set up the movie and can't access it via flickster. seems like i am not the only one. i'm a very casual fan and was really just excited to help this thing become a reality and actually see it. to be provided the "download" in such an awful format is a pretty huge fuck you to the backers. i regret funding this.
thank you for making me envious of everybody who pirated the movie. this almost unusable digital download (drm protected, native player doesnt manage full screen under windows 7) does nothing other than to make me angry. delivering a worse product to people who paid in advance is not good business, if i could get my money back right now i would. while i hope that the movie itself will lessen my anger if i finally manage to get a version that i can watch, it still feels like we're getting screwed
just finished watching it after giving $19.99 to warner bros. to watch it in hd from itunes.  i did watch the first 10 minutes on a 15 inch laptop screen via flixster...well, it was a choppy 5 minutes that took 10 minutes to watch.  i wanted to watch it via flixster on my mac mini that it hooked up to a 50" panasonic plasma - but flixster had other ideas and provided no helpful support or answers.  so i gave up and paid itunes.  of course, i don't mind handing over a few dollars to rob and crew...but i hate that i'm actually handing money over to warner bros who own flixster / uv!  so warner bros forces rob to use their crappy service and then they get money from those of us who gave up on waiting for flixster to work properly.  the record companies could never get their own services off the ground and working properly to compete with napster and later with itunes.  so it's ridiculous to think that the movie studios could come together to create something that actually works as well as itunes for movie distribution.  that's what uv is...it's a crappy service that the studios attempted to create.  i feel bad that warner bros forced rob into flixster/uv and now this project will be tarnished by the bad press from it.  blame warner bros...but thanks to rob & crew for the movie!
well it's now the 15th of march here and still no code, no script nothing but silence ..... annoyed doesn't cover it!
well i guess in this particular instance... third time, is not the charm.  booooo!!
this is hilarious. flixster download worked the second time. now, after 3 hours of messing around, i can start to "download" the movie. in the meantime, friends overseas have already watched a torrent, and other have rented it on amazon. what a way to say "screw you" to backers.
ben - i believe the dvd date was may. briahlen and anyone still waiting: the digital release was not promised the day, but the script was. so first they have to send all those emails out (and that's a personal link for every single person as the file has your name on it), and then the digital download emails on top of that. expect that to take some time. if you didn't get the test email yesterday though, check your junk/spam folders.
nick - as you noted, it is supported by some things, not everything. not everyone has hmi screens - those of us without those - we can't stream it. and i can't download it because it just seems to have connection issues with my perfectly functional internet. torrent? took 6 minutes to download. worked just fine. dear studios: this is why piracy is a service issue. no one here had any issues with paying you for the product - but you failed to deliver the product.
well not all of us own xbox or ps3 or have vudu and cinemabox accounts. and after countless tries i am still unable to install flixster. they should had released in a way that all backers are able to use not just those who have an xbox...
has anyone else not received their code yet? mine still hasn't arrived. :(
if we got the dv/blu ray donating reward anyone know when we'll be getting them? i assume though not until they officially released but i hope the backers get the dvd sooner.
although i;m disappointed that it isn't a raw file download, i was able to install flixster and download the movie without a problem, and i'm streaming the movie now through my xbox360. this should tide me over just fine until i get the dvd.
no clue why anyone is having problems, entered code, got movie, it linked to my ultraviolet account, which means it's available on anything that supports uv (vudu, cinemanow, etc.) which many apps are available on multiple systems (smart tvs, ps3s, xbox360s, etc). about to watch it through vudu in 1080p on my 60' smart tv. :-)  word to the wise, flixster is probably the worst, link your ultraviolet account to vudu and enjoy it in full hd like i'm about to, oh and quit complaining people you made the movie happen, that's pretty effin' cool in my opinion.  all the stuff i get for donating is just a sweet sweet bonus.
my poster just arrived. love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
drm non-sense...  after backing a reasonably large sum on this movie to find out your "digital download" is through flixster is very disappointing.  luckily there are already torrents of the film so i can watch it on my media center hardware without jumping through a bunch of stupid hoops.  i should have known it would turn out this way.  we're very disappointed in you rob.
good to know im not the only person having an issue with flixster.  currently working on my third try to download the app to my pc... i agree that i was under the impression that we would get an actual download file of the movie.  not this...  not impressed.
way to screw everyone that supported this.  lesson learned : next time it's a drm free download or i'm not backing. what a travesty. fyi : i was able to find a hi-def torrent within 30 seconds.  now i can enjoy the content i paid for, without being spammed by warner bros, and without installing the war crime combo that is adobe air and flixster.
flixter is not a digital download it is a loan. setting up a true download of the file would have been just as easy. i would not be surprised if flixter was paying for this opportunity. i want an actual file. i am very disappointed with this decision. mac would be pissed. make this right.
i had no problem with flixster at all, thanks for an epic movie rob!!! was totally worth every cent!
the download of flixster is sooo slow... this absolutely sucks!
this is not a "digital download," rob. this is punishing the faithful and engaged.
that was quite a chore indeed... had to install crap #1 (aka adobe air), then crap #2 (aka filxster), then download the movie with a size at a whooping 1.61gb (aka lame 720p), which can't ultimately be read from vlc or potplayer (not to mention my popcorn hour)... removed all those horrors, in wait for a (hopefully !) proper blu-ray release. fingers crossed that the movie is somewhat as sweet as the series, so that it wipes away the nightmares endured from the digital download ordeal...
i'm having weird things going on with downloading flixster also. it changed from a 20mb download to a 37mb download, really weird.
now 34mb, then 37,then 38, my 99% installed is now back at 90%. how does flixster not now it's own size?
flixster is... well... bad.  sponsored the movie while i was back home, now overseas... okay, fine.  set up my vpn.  register for an account?  two accounts?  you just *have* to have ultraviolet too.  great.  more spam.  drm.  jesus.  to download  the film now i need to download the flixster app?  but i'm on linux!  what the fu...  this is ridiculous.  i'm sure the film is great, but these hurdles are nonsense.  this stuff is exactly the reason people torrent.  to be clear... love the cast, the project, the movie... but the digital solution here is really kind of lacking.  a password protected site with a direct download link wouldn't be that hard.  for something that broke ground in the way films are financed it's a damn shame that businesses and the powers that be can't figure out decent distribution in the digital age unencumbered by corporate shenanigans.
the flixster app seems to exist in another plane of reality. it was 21 mb, then it expanded to 27. now it says 31 and is so amazingly slow, it's like being back on a modem.
i am beyond annoyed that the download is through flixster. i do not like to download third-party programs because i have had issues in the past with viruses. i originally believed in supporting this project but now i will probably pirate the movie. i mean, it doesn't even matter since i already paid for a copy. this makes me super hesitant to support similar projects because while this may have been simpler for you guys, this was a hassle for me. never going to use the flixster copy. such a waste of my money.
well after 3 tries still cannot get a working version of flixster desktop app to my macbook...
not sure why others are having so many issues, but i was able to enter my code, set-up a new account, and stream the movie in about 2 minutes. i even connects to my cinemanow account and i am watching it on my smart tv right now. maybe i am also just lucky, but it worked perfectly for me and i have no issues with this method at all.
really disappointed in the solution for the digital download. flixster will is impossible to stream to my tv ? not watching this a small ipad.. why are you making it so hard to watch the movie... this is exactly the reason why we pirate stuff..
to download the movie, i have so far had to downloaf firefox (i last used it some years ago when it started get cludgy) create flickster and ultraviolet accounts, and am slooooooowwwly downloading the flickster app to download the movie. to say this was overcomplicated is an understatement. dropbox. that's all i'm sayin'
so sad that the digital download has turned out to be drm-encumbered. we trusted you by backing your project; please trust us with open-format files that can easily be used on any device, transferred between them, etc. as a practical example of why this drm and packaging with flixster encumber us: flixster won't stream via airplay to an apple tv.
oh ffs cannot dl this flizter app to my mac. when i backed this project i expected and actual real digital file to dl not a non-working streaming service... better off finding a torrent i suppose.
i had no problems streaming the movie on their site. was expecting to have to download the app but maybe that's only if you d/l the movie onto your computer? anyways, streaming with firefox on a macbook pro worked fine for me, in case any of those details are relevant. or i might have been really lucky :-)
saw the movie last night in a fan packed theatre. thanks rob and all vm cast and crew for a super-fun ride. best part? dick!
unable to download the movie. flixter and ultra violet are crap.  thanks for nothing!
i just redeemed my code using firefox, chrome seems to be having issues with the ssl certificate.  firefox had no issues loaded right up.
wow, got the flixster page to work on a mac, got to the redeem page and the movie isn't even listed, wtf, seriously, amazon couldn't give you codes, or just have a website to download it, fuck piracy, you already have our money
while super happy there's new veronica mars and not regretting my backing the project, i still have to chime in to mention the total fail re: digital download. annoying as it is that flixster/uv won't work on my appletv, it's far more frustrating that i haven't been able to download a working version of the mac desktop app since this morning. bottom line: backers should've been given the option to redeem the download on itunes, even though i sure it would complicate whatever digital distribution deals are typically set-up by warner bros and the other studios. while nothing can probably be done about the situation today, i hope rob & company can figure out a way to try to make it up to backers in the near future.
or opera. the certificate is invalid for all browsers
loved it, thanks team!
still not working in ie. i can't even get the redeem page to load.
have you tried logging into your flixster account from safari, and then clicking the redeem code link? i was able to redeem mine that way, then i logged into my account from chrome and watched the movie.
for those on windows who are using chrome, someone before said that ie has less issues.. it's worth a try :)
no script, no code yet got delux email yesterday... i find it slightly annoying that people who didn't back have seen the movie before those who backed it.
i'm having issues with getting flixster code to work, it seem like it is having ssl certificate issues and won't let me in from chrome.
i'm in chrome. flixster redeem page won't load because of a certificate issue.
try accessing flixster in google chrome. i didn't need to download their app and with the exception of a couple short buffering incidents, it worked well. i watched it at home on my mac after seeing it in the theater :)
flickster won't even let me get to the page to enter my code.  i have to have two extra accounts to two systems i don't want and cannot get my download. sorry to be pissy, but this isn't working.
@ jaclyn  yep i haven't gotten my movie download info yet. and no script emails.  did you get the test email from deluxe yesterday?
is anyone else with a mac having problems extracting flixster desktop? i keep receiving error 2 - meaning the zip file is corrupt. :(
ok so i got the flixster site to go to the "redeem page" and now it cannot find the movie for me to enter the code for in the first place, what am i missing?
flixster is an absolute joke. their software client is broken to the point where the zip file won't even extract properly. i also don't want to stream the movie (in what looks like horrible quality from the 30 seconds i watched to see if at least that would work), i want an mp4 i can put on my media server and watch on my tv. it's absurd that movie studios complain about piracy when this is the kind of service they offer to paying customers.
i got an email with the pdf of the script, but i haven't gotten anything with information on downloading the movie. has anyone else not gotten their movie download info yet? i thought that was going to be sent out before the script emails?
i watched the movies in a theatre yesterday and loved it. all i wanted to do was come home from work and rewatch it through my digital download. signing into two accounts? annoying, but fine. having to download a desktop app? really annoying, but fine. when that app doesn't open and the "watch" function on the website doesn't work? that's just the worst! the backers deserve better. fix this, please.
the movie was great.  thank you.   however, now that you have done that much, i want more (or, since this is the internet, perhaps that should be mawr).   i've already pre-ordered the novel, but what else do you got planned and how do we make it happen? as with 90% of the comments here, i'm not a huge fan of ultraviolet; but, for once, the service worked perfectly for me; the movie streamed in hd to my phone over lte -- it was perfect.   the digital copy sated my need to see the film, and i can now wait the week before it is released in theatre locally. thanks again for the film!   want more!
anyone else having a huge problem with the flixter website and certification problems? i cant even get to the webpage to download it
refunds or bust? haha hopefully the get a new and real download source otherwise they are going to have a lot more complaints...
i payed again, to see the movie tomorrow in a cinema. i would have done that any ways, but since i have to wait for "less than five business days" to get support from flixster/ultraviolet... same problem, can't download their app. as if a simple download would not have worked. i mean, established technology and all. would have been great to know before that i would have to get that app.
congrats rob and all on the movie!  it was so worth the wait!  thank you for letting us all be part of this, now excuse me as i go watch it again....
movie is great however flixter quality is horrible....its not even real download it. basically worthless
having the worst luck getting a digital download. i wish i had a choice of the service used, since i've never used ultraviolet before. having the worst trouble even downloading the app. please let backers choose itunes for their copy. it's much more stable and already works with the devices i wish to watch the film
loved, loved, loved it!!!!!  the movie was perfect and everything i could have ever asked for!!!   great, exciting, action-packed storyline with all our favorite characters and a ton of easter eggs from the show for us fans, plus rob's smart writing (tons of veronica's snarky one-liners heheh). i laughed, cheered and clapped loudly at many parts, gasped in pure shock, smiled so big and even teared up towards the end. great movie. it was perfect and everything that i wanted it to be.  i also like that the ending left things open for sequels/continuing the storyline in a show again...... for those people having problems viewing it streaming on flixter, i decided to bypass that whole thing and just download to my computer using their app.  though not in hd, it looked great and played smoothly!  very happy :-).  now we just need to make sure there are more movies or a netflix show or something so veronica mars lives on.........
i'm happy to see this hit the screen, big and small.  couldn't be happier with my choice to fund, but flixster and ultraviolet are a problem. of course there are no specifics to "the digital download" in the pledge section, but i think people are bothered that backers are getting a bit shafted in comparison to those buying today, or even those not paying anything at all. (read: pirates)  i can't play this in itunes or from my media server on my tv.  actually, i've had little luck playing it at all.  network congestion i assume, along with a terrible app.  certainly not was i was expecting, but hey...  i do consider the rewards for pledges a bonus to having the movie made in the first place, but this is not a great way to appreciate your headline-story-making kickstarter supporters. (i'm looking at you warner bros)
really enjoy the movie. but the flixster app is awful.
i'm so sad. still haven't received my code. i think something is screwed up w/ them sending to my email address, since i didn't get their (deluxe) test email either. i've got an email into the support group, but just got an automated receipt email saying it might be a few days before they can get back to me. i really want to watch it today because i don't want to be spoiled.  anyone out there who still hasn't gotten codes yet?
just added the flixter code to my account.  when i hoover over the poster in "my movies", there is a download button.  sure, the file only plays on the app, but it certainly is a download, as promissed.  also, i can download it to my tablet and watch it on an airplane.  i am happy.
as flixster wasn't an option, tried to go catch a screening at the only amc theater in town - completely sold out today!
@akaito you are correct. my mistake. i only looked at the tier where it was initially offered ($35) and not the subsequent tiers.
i tried watching it on flixter it's buffering, buffering, more buffering, and not a lot of actual movie shown, all the other alternatives suggested with affiliate accounts to watch the downloaded file don't work from here, and the actual file (when i managed to find it) that i downloaded with flixter only "works" with that program!  i am extremely disappointed!
you guys have no idea how much i envy those of you who can watch it at a cinema!
just watched it, and seeing it later in the theatre tonight. i want to thank everyone who made it and all my fellow backers. can't say i loved every second of it, and i would have prefered all the loose threads dealt with (rather than adding news ones for potential new movies), but that said - i loved it. if nothing else i laughed my ass off the entire time. oh how i have missed veronica's sharp wit! 1:20 and 1:32 though rob? you bugger. now i sad. :( (in a good way of course, cause...well, obviously if i care, you did it right, but darnit!) great job, everyone and thank you so much for making this. now, make another and clean up all the threads. k, thanks! ;)
i tried watching it on flixter it buffering, buffering, more buffering, and not a lot of actual movie shown, all the other alternatives suggested with affiliate accounts to watch the downloaded file work from here, and the actual file (when i managed to find it) that i downloaded with flixter only "works" with that program! i am extremely disappointed!
just bought a ticket to the 3:30 showing.  haven't received my download code yet, but i am sure it is coming.  i love that it is for flixter, as i already have many movies on flixter and it works with my google tv.
tom maddox: the words 'digital download' are written several times in the rewards section. check again.
so thankful to have some resolution to veronica mars! thank you for making the movie, so happy i backed! watched the movie successfully today on my mac via flixster app that i downloaded! thank you!
si, anche io volevo fare tutto legalmente, ma alla fine la mia parte l'ho fatta, non ho voglia di spendere altri 12/15 euro.. ho preso anche il dvd, speriamo che la loro distribuzione sia fatta dalla warner italia, così da avere sottotitoli e doppiaggio (anche se quest'ultimo mi interessa poco). la nostra sfortuna è che tutti i metodi alternativi di cui parlano qui per noi non funzionano, perchè mi sembra che per gli italiani non sia possibile creare un account vudu.. se sapessi come rimuovere le protezioni sinceramente lo farei, anche solo per guardarlo con un altro player. infatti, va a scatti, e anche se dopo un po' sembra migliorare poi torna come prima. ho scritto al supporto, ma stiamo freschi, saranno inondati!
@giulia sì, quando provo a guardare il film anche dopo averlo "scaricato" su flixter funziona a scatti con buffering interminabili!
i expected better than having to sign up for multiple accounts with terms of service i personally find very disagreeable. a drm-free download is the minimum ievel to aim for. very disappointed indeed.
simona: si è nascosto, ma l'ho trovato appena finito il download :) purtroppo il problema di flixster non è tanto che il file è protetto, ma che è il player a funzionare male.. a me, e dal tuo commento sembra che succeda anche a te, il file si blocca continuamente, sembra un vero e proprio streaming, altro che download!
the good - i went to a 10:45am showing in a theater; i liked the movie.  some movies are made for industry insiders -- to win awards. although it was very well made, this is not one of those movies.  this movie was made to tell a good story -- to entertain.  the audience was very quiet during the movie (paying attention to the movie); but, the audience was obviously entertained; as, at the end of the movie there was actually applause in the theater -- rare.  also, the movie neatly wrapped up the story while leaving open many possibilities for future projects. the bad - after i left the theater, i found that the download email had arrived in my inbox.  i am glad that the download was not my primary method of viewing the movie; as flixster was definitely not ready for the onslaught.  if you are near a theater, the movie is worth the price of admission; so, relax at the theater today; and, (re)schedule the viewing parties for next week.
@giulia sinceramente non volevo scaricarlo illegalmente pur sapendo che i file erano già disponibili, ma questo è sinceramente assurdo! :(
by the way, i already watched the movie but i'm ready to watch it again! and i'm super excited at the idea of a sequel! let's hope!
@giulia ho cercato il pc per lungo e largo e il file credo sia nascosto bene! >_< trovo seriamente assurdo che usino un programma simile che "funziona" in questa maniera per distribuire il download digitale, perchè quello non è un downoad effettivo se è nascosto, e può essere visualizzato solo da un programma/sito specifico! :(
was just looking at the comments here and then looked at the rewards on the right side of the page. it simply states that: "you will receive a digital version of the movie within a few days of the movie’s theatrical debut" the word downloadable is nowhere to be seen, nor was any delivery service specified. sure i would have liked to get an amazon code (i don't do apple) but i will happily deal with what i did receive.
simona: il file si trova nel pc, se vuoi guardo e ti do il percorso, ma è protetto e non si può riprodurre con nessun altro programma di riproduzione :( infatti ho già provato... alla fine per vederlo decentemente l'ho dovuto scaricare per vie "alternative"
@ mich that is largely because airplay is an apple technology and requires companies to build the tech into their apps. right now that means very few streaming services outside of apple use it.
i dowloaded the app and it says that i donwloaded my copy of the movie but i can neither find it anywhere on my pc, nor i can watch it with the app because the quality is awful!
wait. so i can watch on my laptop, ipad and iphone -- but i can't stream it to my tv via airplay?? i'm confused why that's blocked
what a brilliant 1 hour 47 minutes that was. truly outstanding loved every moment of it. i hope this isn't the last we see of veronica.
i just want to say loved the movie. i am glad i backed this movie. i can't wait for the sequel.
@lee - ah, i see. i had no trouble with the sound using a roku player. maybe people should try those if they have one. anyway, great movie! super excited about the book later this month!!
i, like most people, assumed the digital download would be playable via itunes. definitely disappointed. i haven't been able to install the flixster desktop player to watch the movie on my laptop. i've got an email into customer service, but judging from all the other comments, they've got their hands full. *sigh*
correction: "that is not available on many platforms"
@ wendy because flixster is a terrible service in all respects that is available on many platforms. so if you want a better audio and video experience on more devices, then you need an ultraviolet account so you can access other services like vudu.
i set up my flixster account last night after downloading the ipad app and the channel on my roku player. clicked the link in the email today and voila! works fine on both devices and i am downloading it to my ipad to watch offline later.  and, i only had to make a flixster account, so i'm not sure why people are saying you have to make an extra ultraviolet account, since you don't.
@ jason, yep another studio-based cluster that took a reasonable idea and then screwed it up for the consumer. just like the promise of blu-ray interactivity before it. ultraviolet should be a simple thing. you make an account with ultraviolet and use that to redeem and add all your disc-based movie purchases. then whatever your streaming service of choice is, that checks with the ultraviolet database and let's you play it. instead we have an ultraviolet account that does nothing but act as a middle man and then all the studios decided to go off and do their own thing with their own apps and services. so we have warner bros. only allowing movie redemption through flixster because it's their company, other uv apps and services that might not play it and the top services in itunes and amazon that don't work with ultraviolet. if someone as commercially powerful as walmart had not bought vudu a couple of years ago i wouldn't be surprised if that had been left out too.
i did not have any problem downloading the movie on my computer or tablet with flixster. i don't know how to watch it on my tv through my tablet though.
people seem to be having the best success with internet explorer, from what i have seen. i know this is of no help for the mac users out there, but might help aleviate some frustrations for some of you.
i can't get the flixster redeem code page to load, and we must have overwhelmed their customer service because they aren't responding.  :(
jason, yes.  the flixster acct is to activate the movie, which also gets saved in your ultraviolet acct.  vudu is found on more devices and tvs than flixster, and also much more reliable.  it can access your uv movies once it's linked
i see i'm not the only person having issue accessing my copy of the film? created a flixster account in anticipation of gettingmy code, got the code, now it's trying to create an ultraviolet account, which isn't going anywhere or doing anything...just "connecting accounts" for the past 30 minutes. am i going to lose my copy of the film if something goes wrong? or i refresh the page? why can't i just download it from somewhere?
i just watched the movie in the uk on lovefilm (amazon) at a cost of £5.99 it was worth it. it's more like a pilot for a new tv show than a film, however i thought it was really good and i hope it makes some money. it has left me wanting to re-watch series one, so job done. go and rent it marshmallows.
so for the "best" experience, you need a flixster account, an ultraviolet account and a vudu account?  that's the kind of consumer-friendly business model that shows the studios are ready for the digital future.
judging from the comments, i'm in for a disappointing experience trying to watch the movie tonight.  i haven't received my email yet either.  can you watch flixter on an app enabled tv? i will try and figure it out when i get home.
i just watched the movie and all i can say is it wasn't worth 5mill. i could see who did it from close to the beginning. if i had to put a price on what that was worth retail to make $1mil at most. from the perspective from a fan wanting to see more veronica mars priceless
i can't even get it to play. i get the message 'your screen configuration does not support protected playback' and i have no idea what that means. if i knew i'd have this much trouble i might have rethunk my decision to become a backer.
9 times out of 10, the flixster app crashes when starting. latest adobe air installed, mac 10.9.2
what is this flixster/ultraviolet bs?!  i dont want to sign up for accounts on two different systems, plus install special software just to get my download. frustrating.
i did.
bugfree- did you also get the "test" email from deluxe? one of the updates had said it was being sent, but i didn't receive that either. i have also checked my spam folder too.
the code is in an email the the title: subject: veronica mars kickstarter reward: digital download of movie i got mine this morning around 8:20am and it was sent from: veronicamars.warnerbros@bydeluxe.com
where is my code? what a joke the tshirt was shit and apparently the digital movie is already available to pirate before i even get my code. way to look after your supporters.
bugfree, you're welcome.  glad it helped at least one of us.
quick tip, (i posted more in the update) but even though you have to redeem this code through flixster (because warner bros bought the company and have to make it seem useful somehow) you do not have to watch it using their terrible service. once the code has been redeemed you can view the movie using the vastly more popular vudu service in 1080p and dolby 5.1 on many, many other devices. the caveat is that you still need to have accounts with flixster, ultraviolet and vudu but the result will be much better.
james c, thanks.
the alleged reason for using flixster: "flixster was the only service able to provide download codes to all of our backers, in all countries, on the same date, without restricting where the movie could be screened or sold." this is obviously false, as many other kickstarter projects have been able to provide actual hd digital downloads of feature-length movies around the world at the same time. but even if it were true, why does it matter? i would prefer to have waited a couple extra days to get a quality product. i'm really quite upset with the way this was handled and i hope the negative comments have helped you understand that this is a problem and you need to make it right for your backers.
just fyi to anyone else having issues, i was getting stuck on the final step on flixster in chrome (adblock enabled), but it worked perfectly fine in firefox (no adblack). your mileage may vary, but wanted to offer my experience anyway in case it helped.
when the flixster site started to work for me i d/l the movie to my pc,android phone and android tablet whithout any problems. now i just have to find some time to watch it. :-)
need...... mooooore....      v.m.........        please!!!!!!!!!!!!!            thhhhhaaaaannnkkk yoooooou.............
i still haven't received my redemption code. should i be worried?
finally saw the movie last night at the fan event in houston! such a great movie and a great experience. i'm proud to have contributed. watched it again this morning on flixter through my roku. yeah, itunes would've been ideal, but it'll do a fine job holding me over 'til the bluray release in may.
way to go, team! nothing like demolishing a whole bunch of your goodwill by using the justly-reviled ultraviolet for your distribution. the only way you can fix this is to toss the ultraviolet mess and go with one of the other platforms that already have digital downloads of the movie ready to go (ideally itunes). looking forward to your apology and your plan to make this right soon.
copying and pasting for awareness: "i don't post multiple times on comments on these things, but i'm annoyed. this is what i sent to uv customer service i just received a redemption code for veronica mars movie on ultraviolet. i don't use ultraviolet. i know how. i choose not to. i use itunes. my apple tv uses itunes. veronica mars is available on itunes. but not to me, no, not to a supporter, who contributed to the movie so you could make money off of the movie. but i can't watch it the best way i can, because you own both the movie and the service. yet you will sell it on competing services, and allow me to pay again to get it on a competing service, even though i already paid for it, and what i paid for was a download. sure i can play it (poorly, on a crap app) but not on my apple tv. you wonder why people download things illegally. i'm not even asking for anything un drmd, you can have your drm, just let me play it on itunes, like you offer, already. i know, i know you say you don't offer that on itunes when i have an uv code, i heard you, i just think it really sucks. its annoying. its available, its sitting there, its advertised on kickstarter as being there, yet, can i, who paid for it, get it, without paying again? nope. why? policy. a dumb policy. see if i support things with you again with your policies? nope. i'm not paying you twice for this. nope, not me. i can. i can afford it. i can afford to, and have bought lots of movies. but not this way. nope. not me. not others either. go check out the kickstarter comments on the movie. positive experience after positive experience with uv? nope. they want itunes, like advertised on the front page. really. just a code. so simple. make it happen. thank you. does apple do the same thing, sure. it does i understand that, but i have invested lots of money in itunes (and wb movies, natch) so why should i be tied to have one movie, in an inferior separate pot? i shouldn't. it isn't good for customers, and you know what? what isn't good for customers, ultimately is not good for business. give me a code for itunes, its there already, ready for me to download, but no, i have to be tied to uv. which i don't use. so i don't get the movie presented in the best possible way. i get to watch it either small on an ipad while my 55" tv stares at me blankly, or on my laptop 15" screen while its burning my lap. thanks wb you rock!!"
watched the digital download!! loved it!!!! sooo good!!! if it i didn't have to go to work, i'd watch it again lol
uv is not a digital download.  is there anyway to excahgne my code for a download through amazon so that i can get a download?  i tried flickster and then vudu.  when i try to redeem my code, the veronica mars movie is not there.
anyone still needing to see the movie, there are many places around the net where it's available in multiple formats, as if the producers made it widely available just to ensure the backers could get to it.     some good plot elements, some could have been stronger.. overall fun experience to watch it all come to life, and then watching the movie by worldwide download at the moment of premiere that's the way it should be done with all movies..  it would be interesting to tabulate worldwide views per day, online/and in theatres.  probably higher than norm.
bugfree -  once i had all three of the accounts linked and logged in using firefox, i then clicked the link in the email that came with the code.  entered the code and clicked continue.  then i waited , almost to the point of thinking it wouldn't work.  i think i did refresh the page once.  eventually it did show up in flixster... then after several more minutes passed it showed up in uvva and finally vudu.    here's hoping!
i happily and proudly supported this kickstarter. it was a dream come true. veronica mars was my favorite show of all time. but this morning i got a link to download the movie in flixter, which is horrible. a digital download was promised, and that means itunes to the vast majority of people. with, you know, an actual file that could be converted to suit different needs. i can't even play this movie on my own couch now, because it's not compatible with my apple tv. i am just profoundly disgusted and disappointed.
i don't post multiple times on comments on these things, but i'm annoyed.  this is what i sent to uv customer service i just received a redemption code for veronica mars movie on ultraviolet. i don't use ultraviolet. i know how. i choose not to. i use itunes.  my apple tv uses itunes.  veronica mars is available on itunes. but not to me, no, not to a supporter, who contributed to the movie so you could make money off of the movie.  but i can't watch it the best way i can, because you own both the movie and the service.  yet you will sell it on competing services, and allow me to pay again to get it on a competing service, even though i already paid for it, and what i paid for was a download.  sure i can play it (poorly, on a crap app) but not on my apple tv.  you wonder why people download things illegally. i'm not even asking for anything un drmd, you can have your drm, just let me play it on itunes, like you offer, already.  i know, i know you say you don't offer that on itunes when i have an uv code, i heard you, i just think it really sucks.  its annoying. its available, its sitting there, its advertised on kickstarter as being there, yet, can i, who paid for it, get it, without paying again? nope. why? policy.  a dumb policy.  see if i support things with you again with your policies?  nope.  i'm not paying you twice for this. nope, not me. i can. i can afford it.  i can afford to, and have bought lots of movies. but not this way. nope. not me.  not others either. go check out the kickstarter comments on the movie.  positive experience after positive experience with uv? nope.  they want itunes, like advertised on the front page.  really.  just a code.  so simple.  make it happen.  thank you.  does apple do the same thing, sure. it does i understand that, but i have invested lots of money in itunes (and wb movies, natch)  so why should i be tied to have one movie, in an inferior separate pot? i shouldn't. it isn't good for customers, and you know what?  what isn't good for customers, ultimately is not good for business. give me a code for itunes, its there already, ready for me to download, but no,  i have to be tied to uv.  which i don't use.  so i don't get the movie presented in the best possible way. i get to watch it either small on an ipad while my 55" tv stares at me blankly, or on my laptop 15" screen while its burning my lap.  thanks wb you rock!!
the pc version i am getting is pretty crappy and there is no download asset available for my ipad.  the streamed hd version looks pretty good, but i want a copy!
thanks eain bankins. how utterly ridiculous to have to 'pirate' a copy of the film because flixster sucks! *eye roll*
just saw the first public screening in my area. loved it, so worth the wait! great job everyone!!
so true jeff
ultraviolet isn't a "digital download."  just saying.
wow guys. flixster is a steaming pile of shit. i can neither download nor stream the frelling movie. thanks for a horrible choice. at least it's screening in my area and i can watch it tonight, but wow. just...wow. crap!
i wanted to say thank you to everyone - rob, the cast, the crew, support staff and all the other backers. i was lucky enough to get a ticket to the sydney show and loved seeing it on the big screen.
james, did you click  the redeem ultraviolet™ link on the left side of the screen.  when i do that, the veronica mars movie is not listed as available movies.  or do you check out as if you are buying the movie and enter a code then?
i had a similar problem.  created flixster account and it wasn't available through ultraviolet, then created a vudu account and it wasn't available through ultraviolet.  neither have it.  the sad part is that flixter has the movie, but i can't get it using the code.  i wish i could use my code at amazon, at least i could get it.  :-(
for those attempting to use the flixster code, once you have your uvva.com account linked to your flixster account and then your vudu account linked... once you then try to activate your code with flixster... don't use chrome to activate it.  chrome doesn't like the ssl certificate and will choke on it.  firefox will activate it.  sorry if that is confusing.. this whole thing stinks.   my plan is to watch in on a xbox using vudu after having linked flixster - uvva - vudu.  hope this helps someone.
just got my download code, and wow flixster is complete garbage. i redeemed the code before making not one but the two accounts that are for some reason both required, and when i made them the movie was no where to be found. why couldn't we use itunes? kickstarters homepage is bragging about how the movie is on itunes now. kind of rubbing the salt in the wound.
tabitha: well, maybe they are part of that group that backed only for having the film, maybe because they thought it was their only possibility of obtaining the movie legally. cory: you mean, an actual file even if protected? because i found it in my pc (windows), but i don't know how to play it without the flixster player...
just used james smith's ezyflix solution (scroll down through comments).  works a treat.  movie looking fine and no need for any extra plugins etc. good luck marshmallows :-)
i am terribly dissapointed in the selection of flixster and ultraviolet for the digital download. at no point can i actually get a downloaded file. this isn't a digital download all this is is a digital stream tied to some proprietary software. the reason i selected the reward level i did is because it said digital download. you know, an actual file. that i could keep and do with what i wanted. need it on itunes? convert it, need it on android, convert it to that. but no, we get this limited digital stream that sure, at the moment works with a couple devices, but will it work with every device out in 10 years? of course it won't. and who will be screwed? we will, the backers, because we will then have to go buy it in another format just so we can have the actual file. ftl
for those of you still struggling try vudu hooked up to ultraviolet.
has anyone been able to download and install the flixster desktop app for osx?  it takes a long time to complete and is then corrupted when unzipping.  i'm on mavericks. i've spent more money in time trying to get this movie than i spent backing it.
giulia acet: i totally think that most people are happy, but there are people who are saying they wouldn't have backed if they had known it was flixster. that to me seems ridiculous.
were all the codes sent? i did not receive a code for the movie or the script and i do not have a spam filter.
reading, pa 11:20am eastern time- loading to laptop, windows 7.  was a bit concerned when script link arrived before digital download.  movie link arrived just 5 minutes after script.  both downloads went smoothly.  definitely met my expectations.  movie seems to be playing perfectly.  feeling proud to be part of this project!
downloaded flixter app on my kindle fire. couldn't use my login info cause i signed up with flixter through google+ login. couldn't stream the file because of my monitor type. tried downloading the flixter program on my pc. took half an hour to download 10 of the 17 megs. shuts off half way. on my 3rd time doing this now.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@mandy lee the movie is already "out" there whitout the protection and in hd. actually it was out 3 hours after the release in australia.
@zachary hait - thanks. i'm on mac osx too. i just tried logging into my account on my pc (which is hooked up to my giant tv) but it's telling me my password isn't correct. ugh. this is such a pain. i thought i'd just be able to download and go. the sad part is, i'm sure this will be available on "alternative" sites for download (for free) without all this crap. i went the legal route and this is my reward.
@jonathan, i redownloaded the flixster app 3 times and all 3 times it would not open my zip file. nice to see that it is consistent. -.-
@mandy lee: i had the same problem and just re-downloaded the flixster app and it started the install process just fine. i wound up canceling it when i saw there was an option to buy the movie on itunes, so i don't know if it would have finished installing successfully or not.
seriously?  how am i ever going to download/stream the movie?  i can't even download the flixster application!! over half an hour, and then it timed out for a 30mb app!!! on a 35/35 fios.  itunes please!!!
so, i keep wanting to be excited about the release today, but the service (flixster) y'all used sucks. after a 20 minute download (a whole 17 megs) their app won't install, their in-browser player won't play on my 2nd screen at all (and won't play in hd even on my main screen), and the file downloaded is full of some crappydrm. seriously, we already paid for the thing, can't we just get a plain .mp4?
mandy, i run mac os x and i was getting an error for trying to unzip it as well. as far as i know, there is absolutely no fix. try signing up for vudu instead of trying to use flixster though.
@jesse - i linked my flixster account to a uv account, because i had to, and now my movies are gone. i can access them on my android phone and ipad. hell of a day that flixster decided to upgrade the system.
sorry if someone else has already posted about this but is anyone else getting a "error 1 - operation not permitted" message when they try to unzip the flixter desktop app? also, does anyone  know if we can download it to multiple computers?
tabitha, the movie cannot be watched on linux os. doesn't it seem wrong that someone that helped to make the movie happen doesn't get to watch it?
tabitha grace smith: i think everyone is super happy that the movie was made, no one said otherwise. but i think that a lot of non-us backers backed also because there was no guarantee that the movie was released in their country. in mine, for example, the release on itunes was made official something like three weeks ago. or maybe 35 dollars for someone was a lot, so it's only understandable that they don't want to pay again for something that should be theirs. i had problems to play it on my pc, but i'm happy i backed the project, as other people who is complaining right now.  yeah, a lot of people is angry right now, but people get angry all the time, it doesn't mean that we're not happy about the movie. actually, i think it's the only thing we all agree on, that we're happy about it.
ezflix is working nicely
the front page of kickstarter is bragging how they made this movie happen, and do you what it links to? the itunes page for the movie. it says "watch now!" and brings you to itunes. i can't think of any clearer message that you guys did something wrong, that not even kickstarter, where all of this happened, is lining up with your method of distribution.
@darrell richard williams - the itunes solution is to pay an additional $20 above and beyond your pledge amount to buy it from apple.  next time, instead of putting money into the project directly we should just wait for it to come out in itunes.
so i get as far as connecting my flixster account to ultraviolet and then nothing else happens. anyone else getting this too?
can't wait to watch the movie but i can't get flixster to work on my desktop at all so we will need to huddle around the ipad i guess (haven't tested yet). is there any comment on an itunes solution? would prefer to watch on apple tv.
anyone in the uk like me that wanted to watch this through a ps3. make a us psn account and log into that on your ps3. download the vudu app from the psn store and link your uv account. you can then watch in hd on your tv :-)
i understand folks being upset that their digital copy isn't something that works for them. i downloaded it just fine. i hooked up my laptop to my tv and watch it just fine. that said, if you forked over $35 (or more) to this campaign to see veronica mars come back from the 7 years of never being on the air... you should be super happy it's happened. it's a bit disappointing to turn around and spend more money on an itunes or amazon version, but think of it this way - you're making sure that this movie is a success and that we may get more vm movies in the future. isn't that really worth it all, in the end?
****please take a look if you're having trouble**** for everyone still struggling, try vudu! you can register, link with your ultraviolet account. if you're outside the us (or inside, for that matter) you can skip billing details. then search for veronica mars. there will be a download button or the option to put your code in. you'll need the 'vudu' app but at least it's working, unlike flixster.
kinda insulting when i come here to complain about the download being on flixster/uv instead of on itunes and getting an ad on the kickstarter homepage to download the movie on itunes...  thanks, but i already paid for it, and i have to dl it or stream it on an ipad (if it actually works, which i sort of doubt)  instead of downloading it with my 500 other movies on itunes.. i know you say it works on iphone etc..  but it does not work on appletv.  really disappointed.  now i have to watch the movie i supported long ago on an ipad instead of my 55” tv. wonderful thanks! please get an itunes solution (you know, for those that already paid for it, not you know to pay again).  ultraviolet is betamax without the quality bump. no one wants it, no one has it.  itunes digital copy…
i read the fine print, i understood the stupid third party sites we'd have to use to watch our copy of the movie, and i was willing to do it... but i've never used these services before, so i didn't realize how bad flixster and these other sites are until now. like someone said below, they must have been invented by lawyers. i can't stream a movie on a dual monitor setup? what?? i don't expect perfection, but how are these sites even still around? they're an insult to movie streaming services. i wish there had been a reward for a movie voucher, i would prefer to watch it once in a theater than own a copy in this format.
has anyone been able to download the movie onto their ipad? the flixster app, while it has the download now button, when i click it, says 'asset currently unavailable.' :( i'm travelling later today and would prefer to be able to download and watch since there's no wifi on the plane...
i'm sad that warner bros and the studios chose this direction - i certainly don't blame rob, i'm fairly sure this bs is coming from another direction. i didn't expect perfection but i wish it wasn't quite so convoluted. i am having more success with the vudu website than with flixster, if anyone wants to try that. you can register and skip the billing details if you're not in the us, link it with your uv login and then veronica mars should show up automatically. i'm using that to download since flixster is swamped.
your welcome randy.  glad it worked. :)
this experience has been like going on a super fun road trip with old friends and then crashing the car into a ditch right before we get there. flixster and ultraviolet are cheap, insulting experiences. warner brothers had us pay for their movie and then forces us to use this media platform invented by lawyers? gross. i'll watch it somewhere else.
yesss!! thank you cassandra,, i linked my account and i can play it in sd mode on my pc, i think my blue ray player has vudu
oh and i'm watching on my tv through my playstation.  i can't say getting all my ultraviolet account stuff worked out was easy when i first did it but luckily i did it all a while back.  now it works okay.  not the best out there but all i wanted was to watch it on my big screen and now i can so thank goodness for vudu.
just a quick question...rob thomas and gang sent out an email update yesterday the 13th that i didn't actually receive...did anyone else have this problem? all email updates have previously come through my inbox, there's nothing in spam.  t's not that huge of a deal, 'cause i can access all the updates here through ks, but still: i wanna be in the loop along with everyone else! :)
@cassandra parker - thanks, i'll try it.
flixster, after launching installer it verifies application requirements then says, "application download did not succeed. check your network connection, or contact your system admin or network service provider.. my internet is working just fine...
randy - i had to input my code through flixter, then i just went to my vudu account to download it.  if your accounts are linked you should be able to do the same.
loved the movie, we wore our backer shirts with pride and matched about a hundred other people at the san diego amc last night.  the cameo in the bar was easily the best moment in the whole film!
so we can redeem the code in vudu to watch on our tvs, or does it still has to be entered via flixist to be in our ultraviolet library?
@randy gallant i am pretty sure amazon is only good if you are in the states. it would be useless to me.
also i am very gratefull that veronica mars was made and is out (no where near me at a theater)  and now this. it's just frustrating i can't see it at a theater or at my house..
patric, i agree with you. certainly not trying to start an argument here, but we should all be happy veronica mars is back, first and foremost!
tried to use flixter, since i am in mexico, says i can't play it on my region. well, guess it's off to the pirate sites to download a movie i prepaid (i did not donate my money, and hoped for a gift, i pre-paid the movie) so, thanks wb.
@patric  your right on most accounts,  #1 i was a backer after they announced that, so i didn't know. #2. i can't download the movie cause flixster keeps telling me the install timed out or could not finish,  #3. i would have to buy a brand new monitor to watch it cause it doesn't work with vga connection. #4. i would wait an extra 2-3 months if it ment getting it downloaded without having to have flixster
@patrick - cursader... i agree!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
there are a number of flixster/wb apologists on here. i never thought we would get a drm free copy. however, there are still other distribution options like itunes and amazon. those options are a lot more open where users can use roku or apple tv to watch on their tvs, using apps on ipads/kindles and on the desktop. people build up movie libraries in itunes or amazon. i don't know anyone who enjoys starting an ultraviolet library. it's the worst of the worst drm out there forced on us by out of touch studio execs.
patric - for at least some of us, there is no download option. the download button is greyed out. it's also not even letting me stream, and instead taking me to a page to input my credit card info to pay for the movie. it shows up in my ultraviolet library as a "purchase" but then it does not appear that i've actually purchased it and still need to pay.
yay got my digital copy & script.
"4) flixster was the only way to get the movie world wide on the same day! would you really have liked to find out that you had to wait weeks wile others got it today? or that others would have gotten it in better quality then you?" you are delusional if you think that the only way to get a movie out worldwide in the same quality is via flixster.
ugg i wish i could udo my code and do it through vudu,  i didn't know you could do that.. can i deactivate my code and reactivate it in vudu?
ok, there are some misinformation here. just to make things clear: 1) you do not have to be online to play the movie on flixster!!! if you download it you can watch it offline!!! 2) we knew it would be on flixster since march 14, 2013! this was no news! check the faq! 3) we did not buy a worse copy of the movie for $35, we gave them $35 to the project and got a digital version of the movie as a gift for our donation!!! 4) flixster was the only way to get the movie world wide on the same day! would you really have liked to find out that you had to wait weeks wile others got it today? or that others would have gotten it in better quality then you? 5) yes, we hate drm but wb would never let it be released without drm and remember, they still own veronica mars! rob and the rest had a hell of a time just to get the movie released world wide on the same day, remember? so please, show some gratitude! 6) just be happy veronica mars is back, ok? some backers are acting like they rather have veronica mars stay dead then get it on flixster.
like many others, really disappointed that the download code is for flixster.  it's especially galling when i click on the vm kickstarter page and see an ad telling me i can download the film on itunes today. the studios have been trying to force uv down everyone's throats, but no one wants it.  i guess i've learned my lesson that you can't support a movie on kickstarter without an explicit promise of an itunes download. i loved everything about this project until today.  bummer. i'll wait for the dvd and hope against hope that someone there comes to their senses and allows you to download the movie in a format you can actually use.
got my code and am downloading through vudu which works much better.  and i can watch it through my tv now so i'm much happier knowing it isn't forcing us to use crappy flixter.  if i'm forced to use sucky ultraviolet i'm much happier using vudu.
i'm trying to put it in on my desktop. after downloading the flixster desktop app, it won't let me unzip it. it says "error 2: no such file or directory." i am using mac ox x 10.8 this whole process is a serious pain in the ass. it seems linux users, who were paying backers, can't even watch the movie. it would have been nice if you took your own backers into consideration during all of this and filled us in on the way this was being distributed before we got to this point so you could iron out all of the details. if someone could help me with my problem, that'd be great.
going to see the movie tonight...can't wait! i'm wearing my vm shirt with pride. :) fellow marshmallows, it's been a great honor. you are all truly fantastic, passionate people, and i am happy to call myself a fan of this show along with all of you.
mr. thomas, i was very excited to get involved in the veronica mars movie project, and have been waiting excitedly for my digital download. i didn't realize at the time that we would be saddled with ultraviolet and a movie format that is not easily portable across devices. i have spent a good amount of time setting up my home network to work with a central media server and apple tvs playing content from my itunes library. the flixster / ultraviolet solution does not work in this environment, and means that (at best) i can only watch it on my computers and/or iphone and ipad. i have no way to watch it on my big-screen hd tv with surround sound. i am very disappointed. while i expect this sort of maneuvering and posturing from the big studios (like warner brothers), i am very disappointed in you, and will certainly think twice before funding any other projects you're involved with, and in backing *any* crowd funded efforts to make a major motion picture. kickstarter projects are supposed to reward the people that contribute to them, not punish them. now, in addition to my pledge amount of $35 (which i was happy to chip in) and that was supposed to include a digital download of the movie, i have to spend an additional $20 to get it from itunes so i can watch it the way i want to. i urge you to work with apple to provide redemption codes for itunes versions of the films for backers so we can all watch it the way we want. thanks you for your time.
@ryan spence they suck too.. if you're going to make it a stream do it on amazon. i feel as a backer i contributed toward the movie and i'm happy that it made it, but i'm disappointed in how they got the digital movie to us.
watched the movie and thought it was fantastic. thank you.
are people aware that once the movie is in your ultraviolet account it can be accessed from other services besides flixster? https://www.uvvu.com/en/ca/where-to-watch
wtf i have to buy another monitor to see the fing movie!!! you disappoint me rob..vga monitors aren't supported... requires hdmi monitor... grrrrr
flixster is pretty much unresponsive, and when i pledged for a digital download i did not mean to stream it. thank you tbb for providing a real digital download
last night was easily the best movie-going experience i have ever had.  i had such a blast!!  the energy from everyone there just made it that much better.  didn't hurt that the movie was pretty awesome, too!! :)
i say tablet
i've been disappointed in the past couple of days with the corporate/studio bs. i thought we funded through kickstarter to have our movie.  1) i ended up buying through itunes and will never redeem my flixster copy. i abhor ultraviolet and was deeply disappointed they went that route. 2) for the movie itself the in-your-face samsung product placement absolutely killed it for me--along with the use of the generic word tablet. no one says that in natural conversation. you say ipad or kindle. anything else just sounds unnatural. [the pepsi product placement was at least natural].
slow to download, still on 0%, have been 30 mins now.
if they had to use 3rd party software why not use amazon or netflix... i hate flixster
also, the download button is greyed out.
i was promised a digital download when i backed this project. i am not getting a digital download. i am getting a streaming copy of the movie. this is not the same thing. this means i have to have internet access and be able to use my data/wifi. this is not holding up your end of the bargain. i'm disappointed to say the least.
flixster... really...  i thought we where getting the movie not having to watch it with some crappy software... #1backernothappy
when i go to the ultraviolet library and click "watch" it takes me to the flixster page and makes me pay for it. i thought that was the whole point of the code. how can i get to the movie?
it probably won't come as a surprise that flixster is owned by warner brothers. a minimum of 20 000 new people forced to use the service to get what they paid for? perfect.
wearing my slightly small vm t-shirt with pride today, still can't wait to get home from work. thank you to everbody involved in making this a reality.
hypothetically, one could have torrented the movie faster than it takes to create a flixster account and install whatever browser extension stuff that flixster needs to run. the primary lesson i've learned this morning is that whatever flixster is, it is pants.
the quality of the download sucks, sadly. so many skips and i'm only 3 minutes in.
i just got the email with the download instructions. downloading the movie is proving to be a painful and slow experience.
so how is it i get the download of the script but not the movie yet?  who freaking cares about the script!
got my digital code 2 minutes after midnight, super excited! will watch the movie tonight with a few other diehard marhmallows. a big thank you to rob, kristen, and everybody from the cast and crew for letting this movie happen. thank you for the fantastic ride this has been from kickstarter day one to the actual release today. greetings from belgium.
has chicago gotten download codes? it's after 10 here and just wanted to get an idea of what times one the download codes are still in.
the rewards and shipping are being covered by warner, not the kickstarter funds, so don't get your panties in a wad..
thanks to everyone who has already debugged the download experience and posted about it here. appreciate the ezyflix tip. downloading now, hoping everything goes smoothly from here. if so, makes for an awesome wedding gift. thanks rob and team!
just going to copy and paste this because it covers what i want to say: it's funny that my e-mail manager warned me that the message from 'veronica mars' might be a scam. this kickstarter made me feel tired and stupid. i should have backed out when i could have, but i was excited for another instalment of veronica mars; it was, after all, an excellent show cut short. the first thing that i deeply disliked was the franchise mentality: if it's successful, more movies. books. a weird dick casablancas spin-off phantasm. is hollywood good at something besides making money? kickstarter is supposed to be the exact antithesis, and yet here we are. i wanted closure for the show; and somehow i got it... because i stopped caring. i should have backed out when i heard the script hadn't been written, yet, actually.  i should have backed out when i heard of the mercenary need to cater to both old and new audiences.  i should have backed out over all this piz and logan nonsense.  i should have backed out when i didn't like the tone of the messages (as always, it felt like they were promoting, not like they were sharing and appreciating what they got). this kickstarter also probably deserves an award for most inefficient use of backer money. if all is said and done, some backers will have received three separate packages for this kickstarter, meaning three different shipping charges (shirt, poster, physical dvd). but at least the shirt was mediocre and the poster too large to make its dpi value sufficient (it would have been fine as something less than wallpaper size, but then again, it's all about hubris, isn't it?). and now we don't get a digital download and it's the fault of the people who didn't read the fine print. usually, i'd agree: read the fine print. but this is kickstarter. we're supposed to be in it together. this entire thing feels like an exercise of spitting, or worse, a gift horse in the mouth - only we're the gift horse. i have learned, by now, to not get carrid away and back too much via kickstarter: it makes the entire thing so much more pleasant.  and to all those apologists: just no. i have to admire the immaculate irony, though: that pirates are better off than fans who made this possible.
i just wanted to leave a comment to thank rob and company for making a movie that any marshmallow would be proud of--saw it last night at a fan event. throughout this process, i've seen many negative comments about how rewards have been handled, how information has been distributed, etc., but as someone who waited through three hours of technical glitches to secure my tickets to the screening last night, i can say that it was worth it! it is hard being an innovator and doing something no one has done before, and there were/are many growing pains, but in my book, rob and company made good with my money--they made a movie that i will enjoy for years to come. thanks, gang!
has anyone heard from rob lately? i thought we were going to hear from him yesterday afternoon.
at the theater now waiting for it to start.  :)
just had family night on the couch, watching veronica mars on the computer... really enjoyed it. favourite part was words with friends joke - just stopped myself in time from saying to my kids "i love dick!" congratulations team.
got my emails and the script worked fine but this flixster crap is totally useless, i've tried the link, tried making an account, tried different computers and browsers and it just doesn't work. i'm going off to find 'other' ways of accessing it now before my friends arrive to watch it with me. i've loved the backer experience up to this point, when it's far easier and better quality to download illegal copies of films that versions you've already paid for the industry has to take a long hard look at itself.
i saw the movie last night at a fan event and loved it!  it lived up to expectations - for fans at least - and i really hope new fans get hooked! i'm still waiting for my download code, and i'm disappointed that people have been having issues with the codes and the downloads and with the format. but we know that was not intentional, and that there were big challenges in getting the digital downloads out on release day. give the vm team a chance to fix the issues. and don't let the technicalities spoil the movie for you - we've waited so long, we should enjoy the movie how ever we see it!
am i just impatient or should i have gotten the movie by now?
go pirates! i guess is not really very good anymore. can't wait to get home from work so i can have a go at downloading from my emailled link.
great, my flixster download is not working :(
i hate to be a whiner but this flixster thing is a real slap in the face after i supported this project with my money and vocally argued against its detractors. i won't be watching my flixster copy and there isn't a cinema i can go see the movie in, so i'll be watching it through other means.
has anyone in the us gotten their code yet?
just finished watching the movie here in australia. the code, the download - script and movie - all worked really smoothly. really enjoyed it. thanks everyone.
i posted earlier that ezyflix allows people to download an hd version. don't bother. it's really bad quality; blocky, and constant flickering. don't bother.
if we dont get our code who do we ask
regardless of the issues i'm having with getting and playing my digital copy i am thrilled this movie exists and can't wait to see it. whenever that might be. ;)
just saw the movie last night at a fan event and it was so much fun! best movie-going experience ever. i have to be honest -- i was a little nervous that after all this anticipation i would be disappointed by the movie, but it was amazing! loved the little "inside jokes" for true fans. i would back this movie again in a second and cannot wait for the next one. thank you!
really hope i see an update overnight on the download format being resolved... otherwise there are a whole lot of people who were advocates of the vm brand who are going to be shifting over to the other side. please fix asap
my poster was torn when i got it via dhl. anyone know how i'd go about getting it swapped?
thanks so much for making this movie! lets be honest about the generation that made this movie possible.  we don't want to download or use flixster.  we are happy to put our money on the table and purchase content, but we expect convenient access to that content.  i bought the movie, and am downloading it now in an open format usable where i want to use it.  and so is everyone else.
a big thank you to everyone who made the movie possible!!! i really enjoyed watching it twice yesterday at a german cinema. i already got my code so i can watch it in english now. next week i'll take some more friends with me to the cinema and watch it again... i really don't care about my shirts that are too small or the quality of the download version... i'm sooo thankful that rob, kristen and all the others made that movie possible - and i think none of us can imagine what effort it was to realize this kickstarter project... that's why i'd never complain about anything about the campaign or the movie... i hope we can get a second, third, fourth,... movie :))) and maybe some time a point and click adventure with veronica ;) thanks again !!!!!
ugh! i haven't gotten my script pdf or email code yet, but i guess since i'm working today and  driving a few hours tomorrow to see it in theaters, that's a good thing! hopefully, it will keep me from spoiling myself! i can't wait!
it sucks having to work. at least five more hours until i get to enjoy the movie :-(
happy release day everyone!
well, it's 10:30pm on march 14, 2013 here in australia, and after waiting all day i still haven't gotten the email. meanwhile my twitter is filled with people who downloaded it instantly from amazon 9 hours ago. plus, judging by all the comments, it seems i am in for a headache once i do get the email. very disappointing :(
as it always happens with drm, pirates already have the 3.3gib version (high-bitrate hd), while we're presented with some obscure service that may or may not let us see the movie in high quality. i realize  there was no choice - but it still sucks. i'm downloading from pirates, not waiting for my redemption code.
@eloise hoffman: it's a combination if it being difficult (and yes, impossible on some platforms) and it being nearly impossible to get a hd version.  i shouldn't have to jump through any hoops to get it - i paid money, gave my love and support, to ensure i'd be able to be one of the first to see the film.  instead, i'm probably going to have to wait for my physical copy to arrive. isn't the millions of dollars by fans, a record breaking kickstarter, the amazing effort and support of people who just want to see this movie made worth giving it to them in a format that is actually watchable?
i'm sick at home today which sucks a lot. being able to watch the movie today really made my otherwise miserable day. the fact that i already want to watch it again must mean something too. the whole redeem and watch thing worked just fine for me, but i'm still going to get the bluray when it comes out i think.
@eloise hoffman: it's not hard, it's impossible on some platforms, and some devices. i don't regret backing the project at all, but they clearly completely screwed the distribution. well, they screwed it for backers.
just got home from a cinematic screening - movie was amazing. loved all the little marshmallow easter eggs. sad that it didn't get a bigger theatrical release, as i think it could compete on equal footing with most mainstream films. got home, ready to download my digital copy. uh, yeah. ended up just torrenting it instead. good to know that you're following mainstream media in ensuring that, after all your hard work, the pirated copy is better for the customer than your own. i mean, obviously it was worth it - after all, that drm delayed the pirates by, what, a couple of hours or so? bargain.
i'm surprised with all the negative reviews on here for the download process. i mean come on guys its not that hard. i had a really easy time of downloading, playing and watching the movie. i know a few others that haven't had such an easy time but isn't the movie, and all it has become because of the amazing effort put forward by the backers, the cast and the crew reward enough for a little bit of logistical issues during download? okay now to get past the negativity that so many people have been showing on here, on what is quite frankly an awesome day i want to say a huge thank you to rob in particular. the movie was amazing and i don't use that word lightly. since the kick-starter began i have been imagining this movie in so many different ways. each email and sneak peak has been keeping me hooked and i was so excited when i woke up this morning and saw the download message in my inbox. unfortunately i had to wait all day at work before watching this but have since watched it several times, so thanks rob, kristen, jason, ryan, enrico, and all the rest of the cast and crew for making something so amazing and rewarding from my and the other 91584 backers money.
@eduard hildebrandt i had that same issue, but they had an online support guy right on flixster and he fixed it for me within seconds. shouldn't have to wait 5 days, just for their online support guys to come back on - in a us timezone, i'm guessing.
did anyone else have to turn the volume waaaay up when using the flixster player? :\
i just read in my facebook feed: "the veronica mars movie distribution model, or: how to make sure that nobody will ever kickstart a movie ever again." please keep in mind that your are the frontrunner for the whole industry. and it seems to me that you are screwing it up!
i am very disappointed that it seems impossible to watch the movie on my ubuntu laptop. it would have been nice to know that beforehand.
so excited to receive my digital download only to start the movie and discover that flixster refuses to play the file at a decent volume. after an hour of configuring sound options i am ready to admit defeat - my options seem to be pirating the movie (which isn't really an option) or purchasing the movie yet again through another distribution channel. very disappointing...
i tried to redeem my movie. but there was an error during the redemption process. now my movie library is empty and i always get the error message "already used redemption code." seems like i will not be able to watch the movie at all. the flixster support hotline needs 5 business days to react. this service sucks!
looks like vudu have given me the hd version, though i have to thank the commenters here for pointing out that you can access your uv titles on other sites - i wouldn't have bothered registering with flixster had i known that beforehand - should have checked the comments first! vudu works on my wdtv so hopefully all will go well when i try to watch it *fingers crossed*.
just finished watching the movie. so glad i backed this. still gonna go see it in a theater on saturday though.
well, this is the last time i back a movie on kickstarter for sure, very disappointing drm. had i known i would get this uv nonsense i would not have backed, not for the digital "download" anyway. you should have mentioned this from the beginning. again, very disappointing.
i understand the principle of kickstarter and how we aren't buying the product. it's just frustrating that anyone who didn't back the project can probably download and watch the movie quicker and easier than those that did. but that's a whole other drm argument altogether.
i am really happy i backed this kickstarter project and am glad that the film got made. having the drm on the digital download sucks (to the extent that i am not able to watch the film on my tv), and so i have not been able to watch the movie as yet. it would have been great to have gotten the film drm so we could watch it anyway we want, however i don't understand the level of anger being shown. i backed to make the project to get the film made, and i am happy to pay to view it in the cinema.  the rewards were a bonus, not something we purchased. i was happy to support the project with my $200 and i don't feel cheated.
so it looks like the redeem code i had is only available for sd downloads even though i'm in australia where i should have no issue getting a hd version. flixster file clocks in at 1.6gb at the paltry resolution of 720x266 ezyflix file clocks in at 1.2gb at the paltry resolution of 854x480 for anyone suggestion that this should be a drm free download, while i'd love that and they should have provided it, it's associated with a major studio and really wasn't going to happen. found i had a spare $7 in a us itunes account so rented the hd 1080p version there (3.62gb) for $6.99. annoying to pay more but meh, i'm happy the film got made. just remember peeps, kickstarter is not a store. we backed an idea not a product, getting the movie and rewards were simply icing on the cake. hoping there will be a future movie because of the success here and looking forward to the books.
i've just finished jumping through a dozen hoops to download the movie. while i'm very much looking forward to watching it, and am absolutely thrilled this project was made, the distribution method has started my viewing experience off very badly indeed. funding a project with kickstarter means you're automatically getting a percentage of your viewing audience that's more tech-savvy than they average bear. if the rest of your backers are anything like me, that means they're not only very protective of what they're installing on their computer, but even more so of what they're forced to link social media into, and how they consume files that they have purchased. in the last 20 minutes (and yes, it took me longer to install and sign up to things than it did to download the actual movie), i've been locked into viewing the movie through one specific program, on my computer screen. obviously (and sadly), i immediately started looking for a work-around. every option i was faced with that would give me the ability to watch this movie on my tv via my xbox or even on my own pc via programs that i've chosen to download myself, was illegal. i've not gone through with any of them, but you have to realise that people will. by choosing to lock us in with a drm, it has made downloading this movie more difficult than if i had chosen to not support the project at all and simply torrent it. that's an incredible shame, as i'd very much like this project to be as successful as it possibly can.  i feel it is my right to consume media that i have purchased in the manner that i would like to. i am now not able to do that.  the tone of your email announcement suggests that you had some idea people wouldn't be thrilled with this outcome. perhaps it was a licensing problem. i'm sure you had your reasons, but i will say that personally i'm quite sad that a project that had garnered such excitement will now receive a lot of negative responses on release day.
it's funny that my e-mail manager warned me that the message from 'veronica mars' might be a scam. this kickstarter made me feel tired and stupid. i should have backed out when i could have, but i was excited for another instalment of veronica mars; it was, after all, an excellent show cut short. the first thing that i deeply disliked was the franchise mentality: if it's successful, more movies. books. a weird dick casablancas spin-off phantasm. is hollywood good at something besides making money? kickstarter is supposed to be the exact antithesis, and yet here we are. i wanted closure for the show; and somehow i got it... because i stopped caring. i should have backed out when i heard the script hadn't been written, yet, actually. i should have backed out when i heard of the mercenary need to cater to both old and new audiences. i should have backed out over all this piz and logan nonsense. i should have backed out when i didn't like the tone of the messages (as always, it felt like they were promoting, not like they were sharing and appreciating what they got). this kickstarter also probably deserves an award for most inefficient use of backer money. if all is said and done, some backers will have received three separate packages for this kickstarter, meaning three different shipping charges (shirt, poster, physical dvd). but at least the shirt was mediocre and the poster too large to make its dpi value sufficient (it would have been fine as something less than wallpaper size, but then again, it's all about hubris, isn't it?). and now we don't get a digital download and it's the fault of the people who didn't read the fine print. usually, i'd agree: read the fine print. but this is kickstarter. we're supposed to be in it together. this entire thing feels like an exercise of spitting, or worse, a gift horse in the mouth - only we're the gift horse. i have learned, by now, to not get carrid away and back too much via kickstarter: it makes the entire thing so much more pleasant. and to all those apologists: just no. i have to admire the immaculate irony, though: that pirates are better off than fans who made this possible.
awesome. so if i want to, legally watch the movie on my tv screen i have to wait until the dvds get sent out. very unimpressed.
excuse me james but i do not want or need drm from flixter or ezflix and btw nothing is ezy about this, it's only damaging paying customers or does anyone really believe for second drm stops piracy? i backed to get a digital copy not a drm version. was this even ever made clear that it will be drm?
how disappointing that such an innovative fundraising effort resorts to using such a draconian distribution model. a uv copy is as much use to me as a vhs copy. is there even a way to stream this to a ps3 or sony tv or sony blu ray player. guess i'll have to wait for it to hit pirate bay, which is ridiculous.
if you're pissed about the shitty sd version available through flixster, you can get a high definition version through ezyflix.tv very easily. - go to ezyflix.tv and create a free account - then go here https://ezyflix.tv/uv/account/ - link your uv account (would have been created if you already redeemed your copy of the movie through flixster) - then go to your library (https://ezyflix.tv/catalog/customer/products/) and you can download the movie in hd :)
8:30 am and no access code ... but then, reading through your comments, i won't be able to watch it on my pc anyways. great way to live up to the expectations ... :(
so ... drm-protected movie i can't watch on my tv. excellent.
great, a drm. and since this drm does not support my platform (linux), i can't watch it...
downloading the movie via flixter … bad, bad experience.
i'm so disappointed that flixster was chosen. as i live in australia, there is no option to watch the movie on my tv. a choice between an itunes code and flixster would have been great. i'm happy to have contributed to the movie being made but if i had known that i could have bought the movie for $20 on itunes on release day instead, i would have gone with that option. feeling a little cheated.
thoroughly disappointed in the drm annoyance you are throwing at your backers. i expect a digital download i can choose to play whichever way and store wherever i want. had i known you would go the drm road i would not have backed this project. provide a drm free file to backers.
it really delivers! definitely need to see it more than once on the big screen. the first time you don't even catch everything. well done!
thank you rob thomas!!!!! we need another movie please!!!! i will donate again, this was so worth it. epic............................
hey rob! the movie was amazing!  thank you!
i hope the movie executives take a cue from this project and start listening to the fans! i never dreamed that they would make this movie. it was perfect.
just got back from chicago, the movie was amazing!
like askari, i was also at the houston premiere tonight (2 screens).  loved the movie, rob.  and like ruth, i loved seeing it the first time with fellow marshmallows.....that made it special!
i just got home from the movie screening in dallas. so great to see the movie in a theater packed full of marshmallows. there was cheering, awh-ing, tense sharp inhales, clapping and the exact sort of reaction you'd expect from excited fans getting to see a movie we have long anticipated and greatly enjoyed...dare i say loved. spoiler free review - excellent! home run, touch down, gooooaaaallll!!!, < insert your favorite analogy for getting it exactly right in all the important ways (and most of the less important ones too i'm pretty sure. but that's going to take repeated viewings...which won't be a problem.). > many thanks to everyone involved for making this happen and for getting it right!
not long to go until the melbourne australia premiere! got my marshmallows, sodapop and backer shirt ready- whoo!
saw the early premiere in houston. packed house (and they said the other screen was sold out, too). great movie. it's almost as if you could tell rob thomas and the gang didn't take the kickstarter folks for granted and genuinely wanted to put forth a movie all vm fans would enjoy and appreciate. i'm glad i could be a part of such an awesome experience. keeping my fingers crossed for a sequel!
just got back from one of the early premiere screenings in toronto. it was a packed house, and awesome to see so many kickstarter backer shirts. [i'm a little ashamed for not wearing mine] in my opinion rob and the team nailed it! i can only hope we can get a chance to see a few sequels. [i smell another kickstarter ;) ]
i just saw the movie in theater. it was fantastic.  i'm am so incredibly happy with it.  everything about it is just perfect.  so good.  just so good.  i am in love with this movie.  thank you for everything, i will be rewatching this movie the moment i get my download.
got back from the boston event.  so much fun watching a great show w/ a live audience.  this was the encore story veronica mars deserved. still wearing the lanyard, btw.  it's going on my doorknob after that.
@tet yoon: i understand what you are saying, and i can see it from the studio's point of view. although i understand how it has layed out, with regards to minefield that is media licensing, i am still dissappointed because i had a hell of a time as a consumer trying to download or stream. it seems as though i am not the only person sharing this sentiment.
just saw the movie at the fan screening in dallas.  it was just awesome, and it was wonderful to see so many people in their kickstarter t-shirts.  it was really cool to be a part of this in my own small way.  money well spent! :)
awesome time at the fan event in miami tonight! could not love this movie more! thank you for doing such a kick ass job! can't wait to watch it again tomorrow.
ultraviolet is a broken and poorly supported system of movie distribution and flixster is by far the worst thing about it. at least vudu has good quality and widespread distribution on multiple platforms. if you have an xbox 360 then you can download the flixster app and watch the movie on your tv. assuming of course you make an account first. if you are lucky it might actually stream in hd instead of the sd the system usually delivers regardless. how long do we have to wait for the blu-ray? think i'll go with that option.
great movie... was everything i hoped for... only bit was a little odd for me, is that she went to bed fully clothed and woke up a few moments later in a blue t shirt.. lol.. but it was pure vm ... so thank you... loved every minute.
very disappointed at the drm/crapware decision.  our tv system is linux based and doesn't do drm.  off to the "terrorist funding" pirates we go, to get a copy that works.
movie review http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.co.uk/2014/03/veronica-mars-movie.html
huh? i think you meant to address that to gavin ;)
chris chen: from what i understand you can only play back on a device which supports that file. unfortunately given the lack of the cff, this means your device needs to have an program supported by whatever provider you're using. however it doesn't generally need to be the same device, it can be any device with an application (probably one released by the provider) which supports the file and which is connected to your account. as i understand it, once the cff is released, you should be able to download a cff file and play it back on any device, with any program which supports the cff. which means it doesn't have to come from the same provider, it doesn't even have to come from any provider. the developers just need to come to an agreement with the dece which would include properly implementing the drm requirements. as the files will almost definitely have drm, your device will need to be associated with your uv account for you to be able to play back the cff file. (no different from the way itunes or play or amazon or whatever require that and with the interoperability advantages i mentioned.) so yeah, once the cff is out, providers will imo be less important, particularly since you could probably use superdistribution. unfortunately as i said earlier, the cff seems to keep getting delayed so if we're lucky it will be out by the end of june, if not it'll be later. so at the moment they are so you do need to choose a good provider. (as i've mentioned several times, your choice isn't set in stone,  you're free to switch provider later.) in particular, if you have a specific device you want to play back veronica mars on, i suggest you look and see if there is any uv provider who have a player for your device. (apple tv is out but from what i've read most other devices have options.)
@gavin - sorry, no it doesn't. it does download an .mp4 file (2.4gb) but it is drm'd and doesn't play (for me) with vlc, only plays through the ezyflix player. maybe there's a player or crack that can bypass the drm, not sure. thankfully my laptop has an hdmi port, so i can connect it to my tv - so i'm ok. it's not ideal, but at least it's an hd download.
sorry forgot to explain properly. "theoretically any uv provider for your country should work by just linking your uvvu account to the provider/retailer account." this means if you find your provider is causing problems, consider moving to some other provider. shouldn't be too hard and may be easier than dicking around with one for too long. (of course if you already have a favourite uv provider then stick with it!) i should clarify that i may be mistaken about my comment on superdistribution earlier. superdistribution is definitely supported with the common file format but i'm not totally sure if it's supported with the current download files. and the common file format seems to keep getting delayed. if the common file format had actually launched, things might be a bit better now but sadly it sounds like the dece (uv developers) was too concerned about the importance of streaming and so didn't give enough attention to the cff and so it isn't ready yet (https://forum.vudu.com/showthread.php… & https://forum.vudu.com/showthread.php… ). personally i hate drm with a passion but of all the common drm systems (itunes, google play, xbox, amazon etc etc), it does sound like the cff would make uv one of the least bad of video drm systems http://www.uvdemystified.com/uvfaq.html#3.2 . so there may be hope yet for kickstarter backers. take from that what you will.
@ chris chen -- by using that site and downloading it, does it give you a video file that you can move and play anywhere or is playback still tied to the program? @ tarasis - that's pretty much it in a nutshell.
@alex collins - well 60k is but a drop in the ocean compared to the numbers that generally pirate files. that said given i can't use flixster to watch on my tv ( via apple tv) i will be one of those numbers and it's ridiculous that i have too. a friend reminded me of this comic http://theoatmeal.com/comics/game_of_thrones which sums things up neatly.
p.s. when this come out in the us and canada, i strongly recommend people try some other provider, even if flixster does show hd for you. from what i'm reading flixster is known to be a bit crap despite their popularity. i don't really know or care enough to look more carefully, but vudu seems to get good reports for the us. (note sure about canada, maybe cineplex? you could also try your luck with one of the us or nz/australia options.) there are of course number of other options for you all in the us and canada, look under retailers here https://www.uvvu.com/en/us/where-to-get https://www.uvvu.com/en/ca/where-to-get for the full lists as has been emphasised before, it doesn't matter where you redeem it. theoretically any uv provider for your country should work by just linking your uvvu account to the provider/retailer account. i think i'm off, good luck everyone and glad that people are finally getting hd!
still downloading for me - 24%. crossing my fingers and hoping the website doesn't crash... ;)
@james and @bennett ... thank you ... it was a bit of an install-marathon but you can download this in hd via ezyflix.tv and the quality is sooooo much better than the pixely sd version on flixster (still along way from blu-ray, but i'll take the improvement for now) everyone forget flixster for viewing and downloading - just use it to redeem (what a fiasco!) @chris chen's post below has the details !!
just finished watching it here in the uk. sheer perfection. thank you for retaining the spirit of what veronica mars was for me. money well spent... next kickstarter, new series?
@gavin - flixster was sort of giving me the option of downloading the movie - if only it worked... but go to ezyflix.tv . sign up for an account. login. at the top right hand, hover over "access" and click on "redeem ultraviolet"  i'm assuming you've already signed up to flixster and ultraviolet. if not, go do that now, then repeat the steps above. left of the highligted "redeem" button is "ultraviolet account", click on it and let it search for your uv account with vmars movie in it. once your ezyflix & uv accounts are linked, you can go to your library, under "access" again and download the movie. hope this helps!
just saw kristen bell on tonight show very disappointed she didn't mention kickstarter or fans at all
if you download the movie to your pc through the flixster program it only allows you to view it in sd and when you browse to the folder where it downloaded to it's unplayable. seems that flixster attaches some horrible drm to the file so you can't play it anywhere other than in the flixster app.
oh and it's a stream not a download. that is ridiculous.
tet yoon lee-i managed to sort it by going through my phone's browser which was a massive pain. but i got it, only sd though :(
i'm with a few people in saying that i wouldn't of backed this if all i was getting was the ability to stream the movie. terrible decision. such a shame.
looks like, according to the wayback machine, flixster was stated as the digital distributor of choice since the project started. that doesn't explain why when anyone asked about the distribution method, the question was ignored instead of answered with "we're distributing through flixster", and it doesn't explain why the faqs at the official site always said details were forthcoming instead of "we're using flixster; more details to come".
kyle manns-kennedy: what site is the ssl error coming from? what's the precise error? bennett: good to hear. i wonder if any of the other sites offer hd. james ormiston: interesting that it works in the uk. i'm pretty sure it's not really supposed to. still a good option in case sony, flixster and kaleidescape don't have drm. daniel marsh: without getting in to the flaws of flixster or uv in general and whether or not those services are better (as i mentioned before, in a case like this better depends a lot on who's walled garden you're already locked in to); all of those services you mentioned have drm. and drm which is little different nor any less onerous from uv. just drm that is supported by a different set of applications/programs. and the only clearcut problem with the terms of ultraviolet i'm aware of is the fact you're only guaranteed streaming for a year and 3 downloads within the first year (everything else is up to the provider) although i'm not totally sure that the terms of any of the services you mention are really any better (i suspect they don't really specify which probably means they could actually stop in less than a year if they wanted to). actually an interesting point is that uv supports super distribution http://www.uvdemystified.com/uvfaq.html#1.11.5 . this means that theoretically at least, if i download a copy veronica mars uv and give it to you and you have redeemed your uv copy of vm and linked it to your account, it should work if you try to play it on an internet connected uv compatible device linked to said account. from what i understand and particularly with results like from james, i think this will work even if you have a us copy and i have a nz copy. i strongly suspect this won't work for itunes considering the us copy isn't even technically the same thing as the nz copy as far as itunes is concerned. so in some ways the drm is less onerous.
not happy with using flixster at all. it should be a digital download not a stream. i cannot get the file and transfer it to wherever i want because it is tied to the awful flixster program. i don't want to stream the movie, i didn't back you just to be able to stream it. i want to own a copy. i should own a copy. that's what is insinuated by the digital download tier. not a happy marshmallow at all.
yeah, i bet it crashed! at least 60,000 of us will be getting download codes! even phased throughout the day, that's some serious bandwidth! ;)
i tried installing the flixster desktop app on my laptop, but it won't let me login - i can't enter login details in the spaces - when it actually works. 2 out 3 times it just hangs and won't even go to the login page. anyone else getting this? bah... looking at the other comments, i'm currently downloading the hd version from ezyflix and the viewing client they use is adobe air - much easier to install!
i cant even get in to flixter, the site seemed to have crashed :-(
@andy it's not well signposted, click on the "uv redeem" button on the left, then the "uv account" button that will appear on the line below, should let you link your account.
i can't even get past the ssl error i'm getting when trying to redeem. and yes my time and date is correct.
@bennett - how did you redeem on ezyflix.tv? i can see how to buy it, but it doesn't show up on the redeem page - and i can't work out how to connect my uv account (set up via flixster) to access the movie ...
i'm in the uk and it's letting me download the hd copy off ezyflix.tv . still properly disappointed that i can't watch it on my main telly though.
i am completely disappointed in the use of flixster. flixster offers awful quality and a very poor user experience and forces users to jump through many hoops to redeem/sign up. many people will not sign up for the services due to their onerous terms of use and drm. redemption codes for better quality services such as itunes, amazon and google play should be made available where regionally available. given that the movies seems to be available via these venues right now, i don't see why offering redemption codes on these services isn't an option, at least in the major markets. as someone without easy access to a theater showing the film, i am really disappointed that this is the way that the people who backed this film are getting treated. i probably would have not backed the film if i had know this in advance.
i don't want to sign up for three different things (one of them a social networking site) to watch the movie. /sigh
it's wonderful. everything i hoped for. thanks rob and the rest of the team!
i've redeemed my video on ezyflix.tv, and it's currently downloading the hd version. in australia. so that's something. still can't watch it on my tv though. very disappointed; i completely regret backing this project.
seriously?! flixster?! now i guess i'm going to try and find a pirated copy of a movie i purchased. like others have said, i wasn't planning on cuddling up on the couch with a bucket of popcorn and watching my phone!
highly disappointed here. flixster? wtf is that? oh, and i can't watch it on my tv for our release party? great, let's all huddle around the ipad.... all 12 of us. please make a real, hd version available to your backers, without which this would never have gotten this far.
does anyone know what shipped on 3/11? did anyone else get a shipment notice?
my take on this: i'm definitely an itunes guy. i have an iphone, ipad, apple tv, and use itunes on my pc. i therefore admit to a very significant bias when it comes to preferred format. to be honest, i'd even personally prefer itunes over non-drm because it's easier to keep track of (itunes keeps track of the file for me) and i can redownload it whenever i want or need. however, i can certainly understand why some people wouldn't want to be stuck with an itunes copy. it is a "walled garden" as someone said, so to speak. that said, flixster is one of the worst apps and worst services i have ever had the misfortune to use. ultraviolet in general is terrible. i'm pretty sure it only exists because some studios did not want to give apple so much power. it's garbage though. i don't even know if i'll bother - i'll wait for my copy of the blu ray. i've had nothing but grief trying to use flixster or uv copies. ugh.
just found out another place to try to redeem your kickstarter/uv copy for nz & australia besides http://ezyflix.tv/ and jb hifi now (http://video.jbhifi.co.nz/ or http://now-welcome.jbhifi.com.au/ ) is https://uv.sonypictures.com . and since it's now passed midnight gmt, for uk and ireland, besides flixster there's and https://store.kaleidescape.com/ . and sony should work in the uk as well. as i mentioned before, theoretically at least (i've never used uv), you should be able to redeem your uv copy in any these places depending your location. and it should be interchangable since it's linked to your uvvu.com account not your provider account. it would be interesting to see if it does work, and in particular, if anyone managed to get a hd copy from any of them. ezyflix.tv seems the most hopefully for hd in nz and australia imo so well worth trying.
oh this is awful. flixster? what? i can't play the movie on my tv. wonderful.
in the (soon to be immortal) words of jason tate (posted below): "i could have not backed as highly and bought the movie on a good service i use consistently (itunes, amazon) the exact same day as backers get it." in the (already) immortal words of smokey robinson: "i second that emotion."
veronica mars is going to be the most pirated movie of 2014. callng it now. there's at least 60,000 people who have been cheated out of a watchable format, so...
flixter and ultraviolet? terrible app, terrible service, terrible decision. this has been such a great project so far and seconds before the buzzer they throw an amazing airball. so now i'll be spending another $20 to get the movie in a reliable, quality format. after all the months of emails about how this is all for the fans, a huge decision is made without the fans in mind -- only warner's investment in uv. i'm extremely disappointed in this decision and feel you guys really blew it.
andy satterthwaite: hover of the buy icon and it should show up. well it does for me. yes a dumb interface design but don't blame me, i didn't design it. so has anyone tried to redeem their uv copy via ezyflix.tv (or anywhere besides flixster) yet? as i mentioned, if it's really a uv copy and the faq suggests it should be for some places, this should work. and it should still work even if you already started to do so via flixster i think. you will just need to register for a new account on ezyflix.tv or whatever site and link it to your uvvu.com account.
666: my main point was that this was a project partially backed by a major studio. where the rights partially or completely belonged to a major studio. none of the projects you mentioned seem to be similar. they are more indie projects where the creator can do what they want and from what i can most of them seem to have either used their own website to distribute the content (perhaps with the aide of torrents or cdns). even if they used an external site, they use something like vhx which is marketed as a place for indies. yet let's be honest, vhx has nothing like the profile of gog or humble store for games. let alone the so many different places that have drm free music (itunes, amazon, play store, really it'll be more fruitful to list the place that still have drm for music). so they actually reenforce my point. drm free in the movie world is still a highly niche area. i'm not saying it's hard (although i think history has shown it's easy to underestimate how much load you will get at peak times) or it shouldn't be done, i thought i made it clear that was never my point. my only point was there was no reason to expect it here. from the beginning all the signs pointed towards that. as i said, the politics or consumer rights don't concern me. so i didn't deny that the drm would be stripped (believe me i well know) or suggest that it would help against copyright violation. the point is not whether it helps, the point is how the market currently works. this project is a weird hybrid of partial studio backing, studio own rights with crowd funding to see it made. but it was clearly never going to be a complete indie film where the creator can decide to go drm free. you can yell about studios being stupid as much as you want, but clearly it was never going to change here. btw while i still don't want to get too much into the politics, i would strongly disagree that itunes is better. sure a choice of itunes or uv would have been better. but if it's between itunes or uv, uv is clearly the superior choice. for all the flaws of uv, it a format backed by the content owners unlike itunes backed by a device maker who also have a big business selling content. this means uv/flixster have a big incentive to get it on as many platforms as possible. unlike itunes where if you don't have an ios device or use a pc you're basically sol. (unless you remove the drm which may be illegal, by which i mean criminal, in some countries.) as i mentioned before, flixster should in theory work on most smartphones and tablets (including android, windows phone and windows rt), some smart tvs, most consoles, chromebooks/boxes (i think), a number of different media playback devices and really anyone with a big enough market share and willing to work with the uv people. yes you can't use flixster on apple tv devices but that's mostly because of apple which of course is the same reason why itunes will work on none of the devices i mentioned. itunes is only better if you're already stuck in apple's walled garden (which is your choice, but plenty of people don't want to be in there).
i've never used flixster and now i have to download all this weird crap and register at all these sites and i don't like it. hopefully by the end i'll at least get to rewatch the movie (which i have already seen at the theatre earlier today and really enjoyed) without having to stream it.
well now kinda pissed...flixter sucks.  i wish you guys would have told us that from the begining. flixter is the worst movie app ever.
...i'm tempted to just let someone else have my ticket to tonight's viewing. screw this all for a joke.
i'm downloading it now, on this flixster drm system, but it's only 1.62 gb. it's available for rent in hd from itunes, so i think the wife and i will do that instead tonight, whilst we wait for the blu ray.
i'm glad i backed the movie and all ... but i could have not backed as highly and bought the movie on a good service i use consistently (itunes, amazon) the exact same day as backers get it. i'm sorry, that's kinda annoying ... flixter sucks and i'll end up rebuying it on itunes anyway -- so basically i donated to get the movie made and am totally ok with that all in all .. but i thought i'd get a decent download of the movie earlier than it was gonna be available to the masses.
google play does have it in australia, tet yoon lee. 19.99 for sd, 24.99 for hd.
@tetyoonlee: but you are right that it is available in nz itunes store in hd (provided you search on the itunes store, and don't go off a web-link) ... but $24.99 is quite a high price for something i've already paid us$210 for, and is supposed to be given to me in hd anyway ... bit grumpy!
i downloaded this piece of crap and as far as i see, it's sd only and pixelated as all heck. if and that's a big if, it had been hd and not pixelated, i might have just shrugged and let it go. what i got is a freaking joke.
@tetyoonlee: where do you see veronica mars available to purchase in hd on ezyflix?? if you click on the vm link the only options are rent sd ($6.99) and buy sd ($19.99) - no hd option listed that i can see
just read the official faq http://theveronicamarsmovie.com/faq/#downloads . it seems to confirm that those in "united states, canada, australia, new zealand, united kingdom and ireland" will get a uv hd copy which is supposed to be redeemable via any uv provider. so for those having problems with flixster i strongly suggest you try one of the other uv providers. for nz & australia i would suggest http://ezyflix.tv/ since they seem to have hd available for purchase so hopefully the uv will have that as well. you can also try jb hifi now if both these fail. for those in "austria, france, germany and switzerland", it's said you also get a uv hd copy but they only mention redeeming through flixster in those countries. maybe they don't yet have any other uv providers? for those in "belgium, netherlands, luxembourg, denmark, finland, norway, sweden, italy, spain, mexico and brazil", it seems you only get a flixster copy. no mention of hd or uv. i guess uv probably isn't available in those countries yet? no idea why no mention of hd though. p.s. the main kickstarter page mentions flixster will be used. it also mentions they're hoping to have other retailers but didn't promise they wouldn't. this can't have changed since the project ended.
super disappointed that the digital download is through flixster. such a joke. if i would have known that i would have chosen the $25 option and not even bothered with that reward. i don't have a theatre in my state that is showing it and am super disappointed that this is how this was handled. not well played.
i was hopeful that i there would be a drm-free version, though i did realise it was a long shot. my main gripe was that this was not communicated earlier.
tet yoon lee, this was a unique project where we funded the movie, maybe i'm naive but i expected a drm free video file - louis ck (and others) does it to sell his stand up now and it works, people still buy it. . obviously itunes would have been preferable to flixster but i don't see the need for either
the movie was great, but the ending does not tie everything up sufficiently for my liking- this may be because i am accustomed to the show's episode format, and the feature was trying to cram a lot in. i particularly enjoyed the nods to the show throughout the movie. there have been a few drm-free movies released in the last few years. louis ck - live at the beacon theatre indie game: the movie the above come to mind, but i'm sure that there are others. the above were available in many formats, as a direct download from their respective fulfilment services after a unique code was entered. it's not rocket science to figure this stuff out. secondly, i am not condoning piracy by saying this: the drm will be stripped soon enough and available for download elsewhere very soon, provided you know where to look. i have as yet been unsuccessful in streaming or downloading the movie, however, i was able to watch an .mxf file version.
tet yoon lee: yeah, sorry i got confused :) well, i never thought it would have been drm free, i mean, every movie you buy on itunes is drm protected. personally, i was hoping it to be a more common format, so that by using a software i could have watched it on my tv.
giulia aceti: in case it wasn't clear, you can also play it on most pcs (windows or mac os x and i think chromebooks/boxes. no generic *nix at the moment, i think they're streaming only or you need to get the windows program to work somehow on your *nix.) i thought that went without saying so didn't mention it. i'm still surprised there are so many people who thought they'd be getting a drm free file. i mean it's not like there's any common legit drm free video provider anyway. (and as i've said before, with wb's involvement...) to be clear i'm not getting in to the politics or consumer rights angle, simply pointing out the writing was on the door from the beginning. i can understand a bit more those who were hoping they would get to choose what drm walled garden they could use. i.e.whether to redeem it on flixster or itunes or xbox videos or google play or amazon or whatever although as i mentioned considering wb's involvement i don't think it's surprising it's either flixster or uv exclusive. (it's still not clear to me if what people have been provided is uv generally or flixster exclusively.)
on a more positive note:  i was at the la premiere last nite and what fun!  jason-you rock!  all the time you spent giving out hugs and posing for pictures was great to see.  amanda-you're so sweet, definitely not a madison! can't wait to see everyone at paleyfest tonite.
yeah flixster is another disappointment for your kickstarter backers, to me getting a digital version of the movie means i get a copy, not some stream from some crappy app that i wouldn't want to install - drm does not help piracy, if anything the frustration it causes promotes it - guaranteed this movie will be on the torrents within days so why not make decisions to help the people actually willing to pay for the movie and just give us a normal video file download. i'm sure the movie will be great and i'll be happy with that but i'm not that impressed with the campaign itself.
tet yoon lee: thank you! so, it seems that my only possibility is my 10" tablet.. definitely not the way i imagined i would have watched it. i'm even more happy i took the dvd. for the quality... let's hope it's not that bad :)
giulia aceti: as i understand it you can download it. the main issues are 1) so far, all everyone has gotten in australi and nz is sd quality. 2) it's a drm protected copy via flixster so you can only play it on devices which support flixster files. this includes (i think) most tablet and some smart tvs and i think most consoles. but obviously there are a fair few devices which can play ordinary non drm files but can't play the flixster files. 3) some people are having problems downloading or even redeeming.
actually i just remembered that ezyflix.tv is the other place i saw hd for rental or sale in nz. given that they do have hd, i definitely think it's worth trying to redeem your kickstarter copy via them. as i understand it, the way uv works, if what was provided is a typical uv copy then even if you redeemed it via flixster you should still be able to access it via ezyflix.tv. just to reiterate, i have no idea if this will work since it's easily possible the flixster redemption code doesn't really give you a uv copy but a flixster exclusive copy but it's worth trying. i think it's unlikely it will break anything (but of course this is all unofficial so don't come after me if it does). and definitely if you already redeemed it via flixster i don't think it's possible to break anything if you just link your uvvu.com account to ezyflix.tv. of course if you never had to connect your flixster veronica mars to uvvu.com then i guess it's definely not going to work. i don't really know much myself since i didn't pay enough for a digital copy and am just going by what some people said about it being a ultraviolet copy.
you know, i'm getting a little scared, even if here it won't be the 14th for another 25 minutes! i've never heard of flixster, but i'm reading that it doesn't allow us to dowload the movie but only to stream it... is that true?
is anyone else having issues getting to the customer support page on the vm website?  i keep getting a page not found.
realisticly with this being partially backed by a studio and with the rights still belonging to the studio (so it couldn't even be made without the studio agreeing to the precise terms) there was no way this was this was ever going to not be partially beholden to the studios. and with wb being a key backer of ultraviolet and owning flixster, the chance they were going to use anything else but ultraviolet for their default distributions was slim to none. personally i would concentrate on the issues that can be solved. in particular why there's no hd version available. as i understand it, flixster and ultraviolet generally definitely supports hd. i'm not sure if they support hd in nz or australia but the lack of hd is something which may be resolved. resonable technical issues are also something which you may get action on although i would try contacting flixster first.
an email's just come out explaining why they used flixster: "we know that there are a lot of different preferred services, and believe us: we explored all of the available options. if it was possible to let you choose your service of choice, we would have. in the end, flixster was the only service able to provide download codes to all of our backers, in all countries, on the same date, without restricting where the movie could be screened or sold. (which, if you ask us, is pretty awesome.) if it was possible to let you choose your preferred download service, we would."
forgot to mention, my itunes account is registered as an nz one (and yes my ip is a nz one) so definitely don't see any reason why it would work for me to purchase but not for you. (one thing to bear in mind is i haven't found it in the web store. i barely use itunes but i've found the web store is crap in nz anyway. you need to use the itunes program, or itunes on an ipad or whatever. also the nz version and us version are different. if you click on the link to open the us version in nz, it'll probably say it's not available in nz. again while i don't use itunes much i'm pretty sure this is common. for that matter also other similar stores like amazon, play, xbox.) btw has anyone tried to redeem it from another ultraviolet portal valid in nz or australia like ezyflix or jb hi-fi now? afaik, you can normally obtain uv releases through any portal valid in your territory. they don't seem to list veronica mars and the fact that wb owns flixster makes me think it's possible this will only be on flixster initially but it'll be interesting if anyone tried.
flixster... are you kidding me? what kind of brain dead solution is that?  horrible horrible decision rob.  i'm a very disappointed backer.  i would be an ex-backer if that was an option.
and it was all going so well … flixster is the aaron echols of vod services, it’s just no one has put a bullet in the back of its head yet. i mean you guys had it in the palm of your hand, fan funded, doing your own thing and then you snatch defeat from the jaws of victory by choosing such a customer/fan unfriendly distribution method. i guess i’ll just look at my backing money as helping get the movie made and download the movie from a better provider. so disappointed. i wanted this process to usher in a new era of fan/creator relationships not beholden to the money-grubbing machinations of the corporate studios.
i'm going to echo my disappointment in choosing flixster. not a true download at all. for the first time, i'm disappointed in a kickstarter reward. extreme sad face.
andy satterthwaite: actually as i mentioned before, i'm in nz and i definitely appear to be able to buy it in hd on itunes in nz. both via the windows itunes program and itunes on my ipad.  (got as far as it asking me for my password on my ipad.) i also seem to be get the hd version in xbox videos. possibly elsewhere, i haven't looked that hard. i haven't actually purchased it for obvious reasons, but i definitely seem to be able to. paul murray. there are various ways to watch ultraviolet copies on tvs. the most obvious one is to simply use a pc derived htc but there are various other options and plenty of discussions out there.
just finished watching the movie and it was awesome!!! i wanted it to keep going it was so good. please please please make a sequel, would definately donate again :)
i also am a little disappointed by the sd/flixster/drm issue.  i understand the difficulty in distribution, rob has mentioned a few times about ticking many boxes for many countries to try to get this thing to happen. more annoying to me, my flixster download plays via flixster, but it has no file type at all!  i would have liked a *.mp4 (or *.avi, *.mkv etc etc) so i can watch in on my tv; the flixster download is only playable on my pc, not my preferred viewing method for anything longer than 5mins or so. needless to say i will be reading forums etc today in attempt to 'adjust' this file to my viewing requirements - legally only of course - hopefully the associated hassle won't detract from my viewing pleasure or decrease quality (ahem ... further). or i'll have to wait until the ordered blu-ray arrives ... in days/weeks/months...
unfortunately itunes in nz doesn't have the movie (in hd or sd) - so flixster in sd it is ... or perhaps a torrent? ... (oh the irony - pay $200 to support a movie, end up downloading a pirate copy to watch it!)
i'd happily watch this in sd, my code didn't work at all.
i gave up. purchased it hd via itunes..
i wouldn't expect drm free for anything out of a major studio. i do however expect hd to be the standard for any new release these days. there really is no excuse for anything less.
download's finished and now i can see what the rest of you mean! quality is not fantastic even on a computer screen. but at least it's worked now, and in time for my friends and i to have our vm movie watching night tonight after work. will be keeping an eye on foxtel though, will be a much better way to watch it methinks. still disappointed my city missed out on a cinema screening, it's the friggin capital of australia for crying out loud, people do live here, and lots of us would have gone to watch it!
there is definitely a hd version available for rental or purchase from itunes and xbox videos in nz and i think australia. i think google play may have it in australia too but i can't test myself. quickflix only seems to have one version, i think it's sd (and for rental not purchase). i don't know the file sizes. but for a 107 minute video, while you could go down 1.6gb and still have acceptable hd i think it's unlikely for a commercial web download. i suspect more in the 3gb or so range. while i don't think hd was ever promised, i would agree it's highly disappointing if the kickstarter backers are only getting sd. that said, afaik it was more or less made clear from the beginning you wouldn't be getting it drm free. and even if it wasn't strongly hinted at, i agree with those who've said it was just dumb to expected a wb release to be drm free even if it's not going to stop illegitimate copies showing up soon regardless.
can we please get itunes redeem codes instead? flixster is a horrible service and never works. at this stage i'm going to have to buy it from itunes because flixster is hopeless. :(
really, really, really disappointing that the digital download is only sd. so very, very disappointing.
@andy: thanks mate, i'm at work now so i'll try using windows and ie.
at the boston airport connecting on my way from baltimore to seattle to hook up with my old vm crew and see the movie tomorrow....so excited!!!!
@666damo, i was able to download using internet explorer on windows 7 (chrome wouldn't work, didn't try firefox). however only sd version available after download, no hd option.
@adam p: i'm sorry that i am coming across as negative, but that only reflects my experience so far in trying to watch the movie. i think it is important that a fair share of positive and negative views are expressed, so that feedback is received and the service is improved. i can not download the movie to my media centre, let alone play it back i have not tried to download it to my phone- but i have no interest in watching a feature using that method. using chrome or firefox on ubuntu, i keep getting 'oops! we've encountered an issue streaming this title' messages. despite trying 3 up-to-date browsers across 2 distinct isps and now 2 oss, i am still unable to watch the movie. flixster seems to be the only provider at this time. i've been at this for two hours now, and still have not been able to get this going.
oh man, i was really excited to see the email this morning (which came through at 3am) and thought i'd hop on here to see what people are saying while i was waiting for it to download, now i'm worried :( might have to resort to watching it on foxtel on demand, though that is now saying the movie's not available til wednesday?!
@adam i just tried streaming it (instead of using the download) and there is an option for hd - but honestly, i'd say the quality is even worse than the downloaded sd version ... seriously it's so grainy.  hopefully my tv will do some nice upscaling and our veronica mars party tomorrow night will go off without a hitch.
however, i have to wonder if all this will be the same in the us. since the majority of you that have received it so far are in au or nz, perhaps there were too many legal/regulatory hoops to jump through to get all that done in 21 countries. i'm sure once the digital copies hit the east coast of the us, if any of these problems occur for them, we'll definitely hear about it... and once you have 100k backers asking for something different, they might have to make a few changes.
@tom, i think that's a fair statement. no negativity necessary. :-)
@andy you've got me a little worried now. they never do say if it's an sd/hd/hdx version of the film in the digital copy. i am going to be very disappointed if it's sd only. that would be pretty messed up in this day and age...
without being a negative nancy, it is a bit of a shame that the digital copies aren't available in your drm-locked provider of choice, at least.
got my download (i'm in nz) ... but the quality is horrible (sd only, despite being 1.6gb download). does anyone know how to get an hd version? (also fyi: flixster wouldn't redeem the code using google chrome - had to use internet explorer to let it accept me)
@okester, in new zeland/australia it's been the 14th for a while now. so yes, your statement is correct. where ever it's the 14th, people should be getting their emails.
@666damo "...impossible for us to view the movie?" how is it impossible to view the movie? you can download uv movies and play them offline. in fact, there are at least two apps where you can view your movies from (three, i think). if you thought for one second that wb would allow a digital copy out of their grips without drm, you have a sadly inflated view of the world. just sign up for vudu, flixter or uv and watch the movie from your pc/mac, or any android/apple device. then if you have google tv, apple tv, roku or any other media player that accepts apps, you can either stream it to your tv from your smartphone or view it directly through the app (ps3/ps4/xbox 360/xbox one/most newer bd players and all newer smart tvs will come with a vudu app, or you can download one and watch it right on your tv without the need to stream). i.e. it's not impossible. it's very possible. stop being such a negative nancy and just sign up for another service...
@tui & katharine - re:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/comments… & https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/comments… how were y'all getting download links already?  does it depend on if it's already the 14th wherever you be?
i had an issue getting the code to verify while it loaded my accounts, but the support team at flixster helped instantly. download juuuust finished as i wrote this. never been so happy to wake at 4am!
i'm glad my brother got my download to work.
if anyone wants to go to the private screening with kristen and cast on sunday the 16th i have 2 tickets. i can't make it and the people at path already told me i can give them to whoever can make it. please email me if you're interested. mnewton21@tampabay.rr.com
my download code didn't work, it timed out. now it says i have already used this code. really looking forward to watching this movie. hope there is a support email soon as i really want to watch this.
a uv (ultraviolet) copy is not good enough. firstly, the fulfilment service flixster is unable to handle the load. secondly, i shouldn't need to sign up to other services only to be slammed by drm. thirdly, i have a bunch of standard players, none of which support uv- i can't watch it i am able to download it. there was no mention of the format that the download wold be offered until i received the email, but i assumed that there would be a choice of services (google play, itunes, amazon, direct download etc.), and one of those choices would be drm-free. if i had know the only copy offered would be uv, i would not have pledged over $200. in fact, i may not have pledged at all. according to rob and ivan, the backers made this possible- why then, is it impossible for us to view the movie? massive fail rob, ivan & team. d
thanks!
oh and i'm super excited today, finally get to see the fruits of our support in about 9 hours! :)
download links will be emailed tomorrow. a test email was sent yesterday, check your spam folder to see if it ended up there. as for your t-shirt, there's a support email that's been mentioned in the comments here, can't remember what it was, but you should be able to find it by scrolling back a bit.
hi - i'm a backer and haven't received my link to download or t-shirt yet. can anyone help?
oh nevermind - http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i haven't watched since s3 ended - does anyone know a good video as a synopsis to refresh my memory of the show before tonight?
i'm in ca, so it's only thursday morning for me. one more day!!!
so now that it's out in some countries, how many people have already seen the movie? (no spoilers please.)
omg best idea idea ever michelle.
cannot overstate how happy i am that we aussies don't have to wait til 14 march californian time for the movie, otherwise some of us might have had to wait til sunday 16 march to watch it! as it is my city didn't get a cinema screening so i'm just crossing my fingers the digital download is available by the time my friends come over after work! or at least that it's available on foxtel on demand as a back up! happy watching fellow marshmallows!!! (and hope you are all also having marshmallows and snickerdoodles when you watch the movie as well ;) )
chicago.... anyone wanna meet up and hang out or something, while we wait for the movie.
it's today!!!! *waits impatiently*
we were supposed to be at the nyc premiere and afterparty on monday. just as we were about to leave, my mother had a stroke and we had to call 911. we rushed to the hospital and needless to say ended up missing the premiere and afterparty. thankfully my mother survived and is recovering in the hospital. we are devastated to have missed it under such circumstances. we have loved this show since forever and had really been looking forward to this event for the past 11 months. i sent in an email and am hoping someone will get back to me. thanks.
*i'm seeing the movie in northern ca, if that makes any difference. santa clara, to be exact. :)
@hannah: i can't speak for any special "advanced" showings, but my family has tickets for friday night at 7:30, and we're planning on arriving at the theater between 6:45 and 7:00pm...so hopefully that's enough time. can't wait!! :)
@melissa, thank you. that makes sense.
loved the movie!  already looking forward to seeing it again. i will say though the set-up of the ny premiere was kind of a bummer.  we were ushered to a door far away from the excitement and then once inside we couldn't even really see what was happening on the red carpet at all!  i think all the people without tickets standing outside probably had a more exciting night than i did.
@james - sorry you missed her. i did see her at the theater, but i guess it depended when you were where there.
i'm going to the kc fan advanced screening tomorrow. about how long before the movie starts are you guys planning to arrive? this isn't necessarily aimed at just the kc event, but in general. i don't wanna miss out on anything. =)
@therese: as far as i know, the majority of the movie is set 10 years from her high school graduation...in time for neptune high's 10 year reunion. so yes, since veronica and friends graduated in 2006, the movie would technically be taking place in 2016.  i think. :)
@guest - those of us in the movie theater who didn't have tickets for the after party never saw her.
so i feel really weird for bringing this up now, but is the movie set 2 years in the future? i was re-watching some of season 2 tonight, and mac and beaver go on "pizza quest '06", so i know in the show veronica graduates from high school in 2006. however, the movie centers around her high school reunion, so it's supposed to be 10 years later. i know weird thing to ask, but the obsessive fan in me wants to know. or am i somehow getting mixed up?
i have 2 tickets to the veronica mars movie red carpet premiere in l.a. wed 3/12 that i am unable to use at the last minute due to a family emergency. contact me asap if you are interested at veronicamarskaren@gmail.com
just got this email. grand rapids fans, only on the 28th. i have some excellent news to share with you mr. glass! warner brothers is permitting us to open veronica mars at our celebration! cinema woodland in grand rapids, march 28!  we just converted to digital cinema there, yay, tickets are now $5 each - plus $2 upcharge for 3d- totally worth it, no more scratched prints or bad sound, the last presentation will be as the very first)!  this would be worth a trip to grand rapids, in my opinion! j  we can open veronica mars at celebration! cinema woodland in grand rapids only on march 28!  tickets will be on sale starting march 25 (although we might place them on sale before that due to guest requests!) j  please feel free to email me directly anytime. we hope you can make the trip to grand rapids to see everyone’s favorite detective! j
@james - she was there
i loved the movie, and enjoyed the nyc premiere very much.  i was pleasantly surprised how many of the cast took the time to come to the east coast but i was very disappointed that kristen was not there!  i thought i remembered rob saying that he didn't know who would come to the premieres, but it would at least be himself and kristen.
got my poster today. :-)
poster arrived, that was really quick.
received the poster here in australia, thanks
anybody have an extra fan event ticket for the seattle screening??
poster on the wall!  (still trying to figure out how to see the film in a theater; might not be possible for me to make the road trip.)
yay.....just got my veronica mars movie poster, i might get it framed :)
@giulia grazie julia! vista la e-mail di ivan. peccato non ci sia speranza per noi di vedere il film al cinema! :(
i have 3 spare tickets to london empire leicester square at 18:00. forgot to post this earlier. i ended up with 3 spare tickets to the premier. they are dotted around the cinema. empire showing on friday, 14 march 2014 6:00pm, they are non refundable so offering to marshmallows here for free. not sure the best way to do this especially as i won't get the tickets till the day. any takers, ping me @ritchiem just incase i miss a comment here.
yay, less than a week till the movie release!! :)  just felt like i should share that i dreamed about veronica mars last night...that's how unbelievably excited i am for this movie!!!!!!
@starrox: that's great for you... i have to travel abou 90km to mannheim, isn't that far and veronica is worth it ;) i'm going to watch the ov on wed next week (19:30) if you want to join me and another backer just tell me ;) don't know how you're going to travel to mannheim but maybe i can pick you up on my way from rastatt/karlsruhe (a5/a6)... @christina: do you want to join us on wed next week as well???
hi there. i was looking back at the uk release schedule posted on the update, and it included leicester. however, the showcase cinema in leicester (the listed cinema in the update) doesn't seem to have any show times for the film. having done some wider research, it seems that some uk release schedules have leicester listed as getting it, and some don't. i'll be checking with the cinema directly (i've sent them an email already) but i was wondering if anyone had any further information from the ks team about the uk release? should it be coming to leicester or not? thanks!
it's finally happening - just bought my ticket for dresden on thursday. i am so excited :) i am actually from heidelberg, but away for business in dresden this week...
@cat: luckily for me, i just happen to live only about 10 to 15 minutes away from the cinemaxx in sindelfingen, and the ufa palast in stuttgart isn't that far away, either. :-))) i'm seriously thinking about going to a ov screening in mannheim, too, though...
@jason: i'll be watching the german version on thu 16:45 and 20:45, the english version maybe next week... no time on fri/sat... have fun :))) soooo excited *.* any other marshmallows from the area around mannheim???
thank you for the very timely information, cat. we'll be there on saturday in mannheim, since so far there is no evidence of an ov screening (or any screening at all) in frankfurt.  does anyone know when the omaze winner will be determined? some lucky person needs to schedule time off work to travel!
@starrox : cinemaxx is just sindelfingen and mannheim. tickets available now!!! where are you from?
@laura: penso che lo script verrà inviato nel finesettimana, oppure proprio il 14, ma non prima :) @mitul: same here! not even my sister cares about vm... but i have to talk about it! only 4 more days, can't wait!!!
can't help it - have to post, am sorry most of my friends and family are not converts. but i'm just soooo excited!
as for participating cinemas in germany,it looks like vm will be playing in uci-kinowelt locations: friedrichshain, ruhr park, düsseldorf, hürth park, mundsburg, elbe park, nova eventis and potsdam. the exact times will be released in a couple of hours.
for the original sydney fan screening on this coming friday (14th march) i have a spare (concession) ticket, if anyone is interested please let me know and how to get in contact with you.  p.s. i would much rather it go to a fellow backer
any news regarding the participating theaters/locations in germany mentioned in update #80? does cinemaxx (www.cinemaxx.de/programm/film/veronica-mars/21664) listing the movie on the homepage mean it'll be shown in some (or even all?) of their locations in addition to the seven cinestar locations (berlin (sony center), bielefeld, chemnitz, dortmund, kassel, ludwigshafen and mainz)?
hi guys!! did anyone on here go to the austin premier that can give details on how the premier works? how early should we be there? is it a free for all for seating?
hi guys.  here is one of the first reviews of the film http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/movies/review/a556371/veronica-mars-review-a-dark-thriller-with-a-marshmallow-centre.html
ehi there guys!! a little question, any of you have received the pdf of the shooting script? have you any idea if will be released march 14 or if he had already been sent to us? as for myself, i have not yet received it. thanks ;)
wow, pretty disappointed to find out about the sydney screenings after the fact, when it's too late. given that most of the updates have been us only it was pretty reasonable to assume there wouldn't been any local screenings. backers should definitely have been given a heads up, if not priority bookings.
hi michael, the non-signed movie posters are on their way now...i got an e-mail from dhl on friday with a tracking number so yay :)
also how do you get the download from amazon? thanks.
any idea of when the dvds will ship? thanks.
does anyone know when the non-signed posters are coming out?
hey marshmallows! i know this is an odd place to post this but i am an undergraduate student trying to complete an honors thesis in forensic psychology. and i was hoping some of my fellow backers  might be willing to help me by participating in my "veronica mars" inspired research study about privacy expectations on facebook during police investigations. in the study you will read a story about someone’s facebook being searched in the investigation of a crime and answer questions about it. it will only take 15-20 minutes (most likely less) and completing the survey will enter you into a raffle to win a $50 amazon gift card! (participants must be us residents over the age of 18 unfortunately) click this link to complete the survey: https://pomona.qualtrics.com/se/…
i can't donate on path, it keeps taking me to a second screen.  : ( so i will donate tomorrow, thanks for giving all of us marshmallows all of these fun opportunities!
if anyone else going to see the movie in atlanta, ga on friday or saturday and would like to meet, email me! :) my friend and me are going to be there. titanie@hotmail.de
ahh problem solved... now it's available for downloading at amazon.de :)))
@eosiecki: thanks. @ marvin: i don't want to cancel the pre-order, i'd like to get the physical cd and the download. i thought maybe someone else here has the same problem... that's why i asked. do you already have the ost?
@ cat, i'm pretty sure pre-orders on amazon can be cancelled. just go to "your account" and you'll see an option there on where to cancel your order.
hi everyone! i am a mexican backer. i am looking for someone who lives in mexico city. anyone?
i'm so excited guys! we should celebrate and talk about our favourite moments, episodes, quotes etc.  favourite characters and why they are your fave.  what do you guys think?  this is such an exclusive group, i love it! i'll go first, what is your favourite season of veronica mars and why?  my fave is season 3 because love are together for about half of it and they are working together and doing their own thing, i loved it!  i even liked piz from the beginning, he is sweet but not for veronica imo, but i didn't care for parker.
@cat you should really be talking to the actual vendor amazon to get that issue cleared up.
hi there, i have a problem with the soundtrack... on itunes its already available for download, on amazon it's still just for pre-ordering, what i already did. can anyone help me? i'm from germany. usually i can download almost every cd i bought... thanks.
i agree with comments about aussie backers seemingly given no advantage. there may be some consolation here though. good luck marshmallows! http://warnerbros.com.au/news/details/veronica-mars-fan-screenings
todd prepsky the website works but if you have any adblockers it will not work i found that out myself. had to dissable all adblockers to get it to work,
@laurie i completely agree! i understand vm is popular here in australia but this was a limited release fan screening (not release which people on fb seem to think) so backers should have had at least some advantage. we had no advantage. instead it was a free for all. i got lucky and booked online midevening- i have 2 (concession) tickets for the sydney screening and one might end up being spare.
website not working for me either. maybe we're crashing the site?
is anyone else having trouble with the backers list on the thank-you page of the website?  it doesn't appear to work at all.  i've tried it on a pc and an ipad. it doesn't do anything when i try to search.
australian backers have been given no benefit of actually being a backer for advanced screenings and ticket sales. sales weren't even made knowledge to backers instead anyone could purchase tickets. not happy and now i'll be left waiting months before i can see this movie on the big screen. a sad end to the project for me.
evan, i think we will receive an e-mail on the 14 with all the details for the download. right now i'm a little worried about the version (languages, subtitles) since we don't know anything about it. i mean, if bought through the itunes store of my country the movie will have english audio and subtitles and italian audio and subtitles. i just hope that we can chose the best version for us.
i am a $35 backer. does anyone know when we will receive a digital copy of the film and in what format?
veronica mars is responsible for about 70% of the backers and 58% of the pledges on kickstarter single day with most pledges (march 13, 2013).  http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/ks_most_pledged_day
i think it's pretty appalling that the sessions available in australia were sold out before they were even advertised, and the only way to get tickets was to call in to the theatre itself.  i do hope more sessions are released soon, there seems to be a lot of fans who would love to see the movie in a cinema!
not sure when, but it appears showcase nottingham (and thus potentially other uk locations) have finally started taking booking. showcase nottingham (and the other 4 or 5 of their locations i checked, they all seem the same. possibly the current listings are the minimum each location was required to do by the head office) currently seem to have it scheduled for 7:30pm, every day from the 14th till the 18th. presumably see some of you on the 14th!
for anyone else trying to get tickets in sydney, they appear only to be sold over the phone.  hoyts entertainment quarter: (02) 9003 3870.
alex collins, could you please let us know how you purchased your ticket for sydney?  they don't seem to be listed on the hoyts website or the wb website yet.  cheers.
sweet! i have my vmars ticket for sydney.
i have 2 tickets to seattle march 13 fan event, i can't use.  please let me know if you want.
has it been decided how the movie will be released to backers yet?
what time will the movie streamed for backers in australia ?
i was a little pissed about the limited release situation (thanks warner brothers!), but seeing the movie up on itunes made me so happy. since it won't be out around where i live (thanks again warner brothers!), at least i know whether through my backer copy or on itunes i'll get to see it when it comes out next week. can anyone answer if the backer copy is still going to be through flixster? i'm just curious. if it is, i guess i'll be putting another twenty in warner brothers pocket to get a copy on itunes.
chicago marshmallows: the av club is giving away passes to an early screening (march 12th). they're giving them away randomly. good luck! http://www.avclub.com/article/chicago-veronica-mars-back-and-you-can-see-her-ear-201785
to the fellow german backers out there asking about the language - i just watched the movie trailer online and that was dubbed so i'd assume they'll show the movie in german.  here's the link: http://www.myvideo.de/watch/9485888/veronica_mars_trailer_deutsch_hd
how does it feel to be a part of the project that made kickstarter's biggest day in history?
we're trying to arrange a fan event in gothenburg, sweden as well. feel free to tell 20th century fox that you want this (fox distribute wb's movies in sweden). the more of us that tell them, the better our chances are. https://www.facebook.com/20thcenturyfoxsverige (i previously posted this in update #80 as well).
i had to break the new tonight to the mrs that not only did i discover the movie isn't playing in memphis, but no were near by. this was the reply from the local theater company when asked if they would be getting it. "at this time, the film is a limited release in select non-malco locations only" any ideas when or if it will be released to these smaller chains?
@tom: kicktraq has the numbers you're looking for. their daily data chart shows on march 13 this project received $2,351,920 from 37,968 backers. that put it at 70% of the backers and 58% of the money for all of kickstarter on that date.
kickstarter is celebrating $1 billion in pledges to projects. on their celebration page, it breaks down all sorts of milestones and notable numbers. interestingly, the single day with the most pledges is march 13, 2013, with 54,187 backers pledging over $4 million. correct me if i'm wrong, but i believe is the day, or day after, the veronica mars movie project kickstarter launched. there were 1,985 projects that got pledges that day, but i think we all know that only one of them raised over $2 million that day. :) https://www.kickstarter.com/1billion…
@ashley -- see update 55 (http://bit.ly/vmmupdate55) for help getting your shirt, and email customer support (info@theveronicamarsmovie.com) if you need to change your shipping address for the remaining rewards! -- ivan
scripts are sent out on the day of the release, 3/14
did anyone get the pdf for their script yet or do we know when those are being sent out?
if you wanna know how many seconds of the film your pledge paid for, here's an estimate.  http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/backers/pledge_calculator
does anyone know how we update our addresses?  i think my tshirt went to my old address and now i can't get it, but want to make sure it doesn't happen for my dvd.  can't find anything...
just found out i will be in nyc for the premiere. if anyone has one or two tix they cannot use (i realise this request is totally insane, but a gal's gotta try), please think of me!! munshaw_music@yahoo.com thank you kindly. randi (toronto, canada)
please tell me you didn't make an overdubbed version for germany, i want to see the original!
i have one extra ticket to the paleyfest fan event on march 13th at 7pm. mez center. ticket is $40. email me at vmfiles@hotmail.com if interested.
i don't know how i feel about the intro but i still can't wait to see the movie!
yay, it's march!  did you know the word for "march" is "mars" in a lot of languages?
they just released the first two minutes of the film on facebook! so awesome! well done intro!
any word yet on digital release channels?
i have 2 tickets for the la private screening on march 16th that i won't be able to attend. they said i could transfer my tickets to someone that could attend. email me mnewton21@tampabay.rr.com
i just saw my first vmm tv ad! while watching feb 26th's "arrow" on cwtv's site. awesome.
two paths: you both may be mistaken. (hopefully i'm not. :-)  seattle's path (sharron's, path.org) seems different than la's path (karen's, epath.org). from what i can tell, charity navigator faults la's path mostly for not doing enough fund-raising. (they get a lot of funds from government grants, which have been dwindling.) percent of money spent for the actual program (85% for fye 6/2012) is higher than many 4-star rated charities. i couldn't find other charity rating organizations to compare, but i saw nothing to be worried about donating to la's path.
actually, the nonprofit for which kristen is fundraising for is neither of the two listed below. rather, it is people assisting the homeless (path). kristen links directly to their website (epath.org) in her latest message. if you'd like more information, i encourage everyone to do their own individual research.
wow- posting incorrect information "just for informational purposes" is very irresponsible-i would like to say that it is very important to be accurate when you are providing information - path - a catalyst for global health -has been rated 4 stars in charity navigator for the last nine years- an honor shared by only 1% of charities! in addition, many other contributors such as the bill and melinda gates foundation and usaid seem to find the value in providing vaccines to children in over 67 countries and supporting the prevention of malaria, hpv and other health crisis' so i think it would be more prudent to report accurate information before disparaging a charity. all of the above information is readily available via google!  here are a couple links:  http://m.philanthropy.com/article/new-charity-navigator-rating/141427/ http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm… http://www.path.org/about/ while i absolutely agree that everyone is entitled to support or not any charity of their choosing, i do believe it is essential to not be misleading- especially when the impact is felt in the lives of very needy children and a very noble charity supported by the head marshmallow herself!) ( i have nothing to do with path but after reading the below post decided to check things out myself and obviously found very different information and felt it important to not only post the facts but provide the information directly so that people can make their own choices!)
@tracie--scripts don't go out until the release...3/14
i donated $35 and was suppose to receive a movie script. did anyone get one yet? or did rob say when he was suppose send them out? thanks!
not to be a downer, but if if is the charity i think it is: path beyond shelter, where kristin supports and is giving the money donated, they are rated with only 2 stars out of 4 on charity navigator.  most which are rated are a 3, so it is below average.  it shows the financial aspects of nonprofit to be the worst, but they aren't doing well in other areas either.  i'm hoping i'm wrong and it is different charity since i am not comfortable giving to this one.  of course it is up to you where you wish to donate your money. i am posting this for informational purposes only.
i'm looking for a ticket to the march 12 premiere in los angeles.  please email me at swenson_g@yahoo.com if you have one or know someone who does.  thanks!
wow, guys, look at this wall street journal article. in case the link doesn't work, it was dated feb 21 and is entitled'veronica mars' to break the mold for movie releases': http://online.wsj.com/news/article_email/sb10001424052702303636404579397322240026950-lmyqjaxmta0mdiwndeyndqywj
hey guys- if you haven't been following the movie on twitter, instagram, the race site, or other social network, go.  there's tons of new stuff to fill your painful withdrawal symptoms until the next update. https://twitter.com/veronicamars http://instagram.com/theveronicamarsmovie http://race.theveronicamarsmovie.com/#/videos/0 https://www.facebook.com/veronicamars https://plus.google.com/u/0/s/veronica%20mars
big shout out to rob and the vm team.  this has been such a fun experience and it always brings a smile to my face when i get an update in my email.  you have delivered on your promises, and i can't wait to see the movie on march 14th. special shout out to all the behind the scenes folks working hard to ensure us backers get what we were promised and more.  it's gotta be tough to keep track of everything....so thank you!
i'm looking for a ticket (one) for the ny premiere and/or including after party. please email me! jeneralize@yahoo.com
anyone interested in buying a ticket to the nyc premiere? email me sarahjvernon@hotmail.com
i have two extra tickets available for the dc tysons corner advanced screening fan event on thursday, march 13. $19 per ticket (face value). reserved seating, great seats! let me know if you're interested at inkydreams@gmail.com.
we are getting a digital copy of the movie to own forever, and everyone else can only watch it once.  if i get the ending i want, i have a feeling i'm going to watch certain parts over and over again!
i must say i'm a bit disappointed to see the film will be available from day 1 to stream online to non-backers.  i pledged at $35 ($45 inc shipping) as i wanted the film (i certainly didn't actually want a t-shirt), i'm happy that the film got made so don't regret backing, i just think it would just have been nice to give backers a bit of an exclusivity period rather than non-backers getting the same reward for less.
@ marshmallows :19 days left yeahhhhhhhhhhh !!
comingsoon.net is asking what your most anticipated march movie is... is it #veronicamars? head over to their site and cast your vote! (poll is near the bottom right of the home page.)
warner bros isn't even going to purchase any tv ads for the movie? really? that's disappointing. i was hoping we'd see a few anyway.
rad...just saw an earlier post and response about address update.  i've sent an email to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com.  thx!
i am a $35 backer and i moved since first signing up. the t-shirts and stuff went to my old address and i wasn't emailed before they were shipped to be given the opportunity to update my address (like it says in q&a). now that the movie is coming out, i want to be sure i can update my address for shipping. please advise.  thx!
omg! did we team up and support the right project or what?! everyone will get to see veronica mars at the same time on march 14th!!! i ask you, when if ever has that ever happened?  what drugs did rob give the wb execs to make them agree to this?! hahaha this calls for a celebration marshmallows!
how can we find out if we received double omaze entries?
looking for ny premiere/after party tix thx fiory0013@hotmail.com
only need a ticket for one person
please let me know if you have tickets to the la premiere and/or after party. thank you! seerakosumosu[at]gmail[dot]com
@martijn: that's super frustrating. our apologies. please drop a note to veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com and we'll do what we can to figure out what happened, and get a correct replacement out you asap.
@dorine. i beleive you will have to wait until the release. however, i would e-mail support and ask them. info@theveronicamarsmovie.com.
one of my friends missed getting tickets to the fan screening in la at 8pm. does anyone have an extra ticket to the century city amc? if so, please email epolans@yahoo.com  thanks!
michael will thank's, missed that one. sorry! :-)
@lars hellgren at the bottom of update 63, they said that they are planning to ship the posters in protective tubes.
just a quick question if somebody know the answer. if you didn't back for the digital copy, and if the movie doesn't get the chance to be release in your country ( i'm french) does this mean that basically i'll have to wait like ages for the release in dvd? or would there will be the opportunity to buy the digital copy for the backers?
please make the "team x" shirts on cafe press available in women's sizes.  please, please, please!
ivanovitch just a question now that the posters are ready to ship. can you ship them rolled instead of folded, why you ask. i'm going to frame it so thats why i want it rolled
received the replacement tshirt today, but it is smaller than the first shirt we received and it has a different print...
@jim s, (and others) join the la premiere facebook group https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarslapremiere/266251750208146/…
i have 1 (one) ticket to the veronica mars premiere in nyc that i am looking to sell. if you know people going and want to join them, or wouldn't mind going alone... message me for more info. email: sp_ufo87@yahoo.com
i have 1 (one) ticket to the veronica mars premiere in nyc that i am looking to sell. if you know people going and want to join them, or wouldn't mind going alone... message me for more info.
@domenick: just let customer support know about the address change at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com. they can help change your shipping address in our records!
@phil: the note about germany only affects sales in germany. it will have no impact whatsoever on the timing for sales anywhere else -- and we'll have more news about the timing of that next week!
i'm happy for our fellow backers in europe, but...this sounds like a raw deal for some of us in the states.  if i'm understanding this right, because of the german deal, those of us who supported the film but not at the level of digital download, and are not near an amc theater, have no options to see the movie until long after its release.  can nothing be done?  any chance of adding more independent cinemas?  how about allowing us to upgrade our support level?
looks like amc has added additional locations in the last couple of days. i can now actual see it in hampton instead of driving up to tyson's corner
i will have moved by the time the posters ship. will there be another survey for where they will be shipped or is there a way to change the address from when we gave it for the t-shirt reward?
i have la premiere tickets and want la premiere tickets with afterparty.   anyone trying to sell their la afterparty tickets let me know!  send me an email at cgn1434@hotmail.com.  thanks!!
screening in ireland? fuck yeah!
i paid for path, but didn't get the double entries. not a huge deal, but they would be nice, so i just emailed them and told them the situation. hopefully, it will be fixed :) also, i went to pick up a copy of entertainment weekly, b/c of the snow they are just getting on the shelves, and they have phillip seymore hoffman on the cover and not kb and jd! very disappointed!
i want to donate to the omaze thing supporting path but how exactly do we indicate that we are backers entitled to double entries? i don't see a button or a code to enter? help. others have done it and posted on fb that they didn't receive double entries.
i received my march issue of texas monthly in the mail today (i still get paper magazines!) and it includes a nice article titled "mission to mars," by jason cohen. the summary in the table of contents says "rob thomas was just looking for a way to breathe life into his beloved-but-canceled tv show veronica mars. he might have ended up changing the movie business." check it out!
i can't find the entertainment weekly at the store... did i miss it?
so far tickets at the arranged non amc theater in lubbock, tx haven't gone on sale and they tell me it might not come at all. they also don't know when they'll know.
is the reason there's no nyc special preview bc there's an nyc premiere? anyone know when that is, btw?
i have ny premiere tickets and want ny premiere tickets with afterparty anyone trying to sell their ny premiere and afterparty tickets that i get the afterparty tickets only or swap tickets and pay the difference for the after party tickets?  if so let me know and put vm ny in subject as it will go to spam email hargusr@aol.com. thanks.
why is this only showing in amc theaters?
i backed this at a $1 to just follow the progress. i have never regretted not backing a kickstarter for more before until now. i also had never seen an episode of veronica mars before, but since it became available on amazon prime...... i am addicted beyond belief and know completely understand the speed at which this project was funded. i'll be seeing it unashamedly in the theaters as a 28 year old single male. the acting.... the directing.... the writing.......wow....just wow....
just got a bunch of info about the la premiere (times, location, attire, etc). if you're attending the la premiere make sure to join the facebook group here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarslapremiere/265157066984281/…
i live in canada and sadly the film isn't showing in any theaters near me. the closest one is four hours away. i don't know how i'll be able to see it! :(
anyone else want to convince amc newport ky to have a fan event thurs @ mid-night
wish there amc theaters in my state :(
there are tickets for the 13th in calgary, one showing at 9:30. havn't heard anything about  any exclusives
1:48 run time
awesome, a theater not too far away has expanded screens running the fan showings and for the regular release my local theater plans to show the film in just about their largest auditorium with a nice 56' screen!
mark l: yup! my ticket's for the 13th. does anyone know if there will be any fan exclusives at the advance screenings in canada?
any other of you canadians notice a screening on the 13th in your area?
bought my ticket for montréal!
layton hills, ut tickets can now be purchased. they're supposed to be on amc and fandango websites later, but i was just able to buy them on movietickets.com.
super bummed because the amc theater in utah was listed as a location to be showing the movie and when i tried to buy tickets there wasn't any show times listed and when i called the theater they said they aren't showing it!!!! wtf!
for all the backers and fans in the dfw area: the william t cozby public library in coppell, texas is hosting a veronica mars party on march 1st from 1-4 p.m. there will be an interactive viewing of the pilot episode (think rocky horror picture show)  with lots of props and things to shout out.  veronica mars bingo for another episode.  snickerdoodles, soda pop, and coffee for snacks.  and a few give-a-ways. it should be up on their website soon.  http://coppelltx.gov/library-programs.html and you can email cozbyprograms@coppelltx.gov for more details or let them know if you are planning on attending. it should be a lot of fun with a chance to meet lots of other backers and fans!
got them!!!
@ mark l, thank you, it is showing for some cities like vancouver, but not for my city of calgary
love is in a competition for most romantic tv couple of all time. go vote marshmallows. we're losing badly to a couple that isn't even a couple right now, and let's face it logan and veronica are epic: http://www.peopleschoice.com/pca/mobile/poll.jsp…
i bought my tickets for the 15th @aryn
will the movie be shown in hawaii? we are part of the us, but we can't drive to the closest theater showing the movie.
thanks! that is something to go off of at the very least. the amc theaters don't have and information past the 14th.
cineplex here in canada is currently showing dates up to the 20th.
is there any information on how long the movie will be in theaters? i don't think i can go opening weekend, but will be super bummed if i miss the opportunity to see it all together. since there isn't a theatre near my playing it, gotta find a time when i can do the 2 hour drive to the theater.
hi!  i'm so sorry if i already missed this information, but i'm one of the backers lucky enough to have the la premiere & after-party tickets.  in one of the updates, it was mentioned that further info about the premiere would be coming, such as dress code, if a hotel was booked for backers, etc.  i've been waiting for that information to finalize my travel plans but i have not seen it yet.  is there any further information available yet for the la premiere/ party?
thanks jill!  i just picked up my paleyfest tickets.  ticketmaster still has some available.
oh, and go to fandango instead. amc's website is not the greatest.
mine just went on sale at noon, est. so maybe rob was wrong with the 9 est. the red times listed turned blue and became active links. just keep checking guys. :)
i went to get my tickets for salt lake city layton hills 9 theater and the times weren't showing up on the website. i called to ask them about it and they told me that they aren't showing it?! they are only theater on the list for slc. why are they on the list if they aren't showing it?
yay i got my tickets!!!
@tina, you have to fill in the search criteria [location, and date].. the "find showtimes" link is a bit broken. i got lucky... my local theater is going to show it.
my ticket times are red and you cannot click on them. what does that mean?
amc southpoint 17 is now available for purchase on fandango! got my tickets :)
i can't find the tickets for canada! it still says no showing on that day! help!
fyi paleyfest goers, there's a midnight showing at century city and burbank!
i'm with everyone else trying to figure out how to get tickets to the amc southpoint 17 in durham. i sent a tweet to @veronicamars. hopefully they will let us know!
i bought  my tickets for nyc. i was disappointed that the theatre listed for new york  fans was really new jersey and totally inaccessible for new yorkers who don't drive.  most of us in n.y. c. don't, it is a walking city. it really should have been listed as new jersey. the fan event should have been at a train accessible site, even the newport mall in new jersey is accessible by the path train. i would have gone on the 13th otherwise.  i am settling for going to the first show on the 14th missing on the extras :(    looking forward to seeing the movie :)
i can't believe that i waited a full year for this and now i can't buy the tickets.  does anyone know of a way to get the tickets since i can't on the website?
so because of the storm here i will not be able to buy my tickets because amc is closed...so you can't even buy them on the website.  i am very sad.
having the same problem in durham, nc. amc southpoint theater (zip code 27713) is closed today due to weather, and for some reason i cannot purchase tickets for a month from now. getting super-frustrated. does anyone know of other venues to pre-purchase besides amctheaters website? fandango only seems to go out to march 6. :( :(
the amc website won't let me buy tickets in raleigh (durham), nc due to the fact that the movie theater is currently closed.  help!! i looked at atlanta locations and saw that i can get tickets there, so i know they are on sale in other places.
anyone in slc area able to buy tickets? the amc news article said the one amc theater in ut would show it, but the website isn't showing any showtimes. woke up early and everything even though my son was up every two hours last night!
i just want to say thank you!!!! to rob thomas for that last email !!!!!
everyone check out this project up reach it goal of $4,000 by feb 15. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/571397159/the-only-human-project
if you have theaters other than amc in your area that will show the movie - let me know how you convinced them to do it!  all we have here is carmike and one independent theater.
does anyone now what website to go to to purchase tickets on friday?
will there be any international viewings? i'd love to actually be able to see this in the cinema...
no greg, you aren't alone.  no amc's in tennessee at all.  so far no word on carmike or regals.  let's keep hope they will.
phipps in atlanta just added another show that seems to have tickets available.
i don't live near an amc--i'm traveling about 3 hours to see it...
am i the only one who doesn't live near an amc theater? is this going to be playing at any carmike theaters?
i know it's probably a ways out till dvds of the film are sent to backers, but it's on my mind right now so i want to ask before i forget again: my shipping address has changed since the t-shirts were sent out, so will there be a similar e-mail survey sent asking about shipping addresses? or is this something i can pass along via e-mail to have updated with you guys? many thanks! on the edge of my seat waiting to see the film, and even have my boyfriend excited to join me. (he hasn't seen the series yet; i'm hoping the film will reel him in)
hey rob, how will uk backers get to see the film? will it be released online or dvd? to avoid spoilers. thanks, joe
rob, are there any fan events for canada?
thanks @stephanie!  i obviously missed that part :)
script gets released on the premiere date @beth
i don't recall getting a pdf of the shooting script.  what happened with that?
i found a sideways entry via fandango for dc-area seats. additional show as well. http://www.fandango.com/amctysonscorner16_aatso/theaterpage…
@robthomas i have a question. if you guys wanted to do the movies for so long why did you guys put up your own money?  between you and kristen and some others, i'm sure you guys could have come up with enough money to make this film on your own.  i'm huge fan and just thought if you guys loved vm so much, why wouldn't you do this on your own?  just a question i've been thinking about for years!   thanks! can't wait to see this new extended episode!
i just wanted to leave a note to say how awesome you all are! i can't go to the advance screening--not close enough for me, but to see how willing you all are to do so much for us is great! i'm just upset that i can't see the movie until the 15th, because of work schedules and having to travel three hours to durham, but it will be worth it! thanks for making this such a successful kickstarter all the way around! hope the cast isn't too tired from signing all day! we really appreciate it!
yay! i got tickets from the additional release! super excited!
have been trying all morning for tix in sd or la.  it connects and shows details but there is no "buy" button.  are those shows sold out?
did anyone get dc (tysons) tickets? it said sold out this morning but now i only get a message that the theater is closed. any hope of remaining seats?
i woke up really late and checked the website and there was no buy button.  on a fluke i checked back 2 hours later at 2pm and it was there!!!!  i'm so happy.  i got a ticket to the fan event in boston!
http://instagram.com/p/kxao69ckee/
maybe more screenings will be added to other markets. otherwise i guess i'm stuck seeing the movie on friday like everyone else. i hope rob remembers the fans that were there at the mall of america in december of 2004. yeah, i was 1 of them. minnesota obviously has a lot of fans of the show, although the amount almost creeps me out given i wasn't able to get a ticket today.
@emily--i literally just started tearing up! i'll be praying that you can enjoy the movie in the best of health and that you beat that horrible disease!
@tiffany - probably wasn't a great idea to leave that link on this page as anyone can access this section without being a backer. it's not incredibly likely they did but with so few theaters participating in this event it is unfortunate to think non-backers could have snatched up tickets in advance before some of the actual backers.
@emily_s yea! enjoy it in the best of health!
minneapolis is sold out too :( amc site didn't have buy button and fandango's were all gone by the time i found enough info to know i should head for that site.
one year ago tomorrow i was diagnosed with advanced breast cancer. i was sick all summer, and when i thought i just couldn't go on anymore, my husband would cheer me up by saying "hunny, you gotta live long enough to see if veronica ends up with piz or logan".  as silly as it sounds, it always did the trick. bought my tickets at 9:05 this morning!
phipps now says: checkout tickets  payment  confirmation the showtime you selected is sold out. please select another showtime.
@lindsay @ellen, hahahaha! niiiiiiice! now comes the waiting!
tickets are up for tyson's corner in nova!
@aris @ellen completely agree! i have an 18 month old and he didn't understand why mommy was pacing around by the computer all morning. :-)  see everyone in a month!
just got in to phipps!
very frustrated about phipps.  don't know when they'll go on sale.
twice i had tickets in my cart for chicago and both times it error'd on me and then went to sold out. majorly disappointed!
@ ellen @ lindsey.... seriously, i'm the mom of a 9 month old. that was the most adrenaline i've had in a while!!! so fun!! (glad we got them!) i hope to see y'all there!!
@aris @lindsey me too!! yay!!
@lindsey got mine!!!!!!!!!
@aris @ellen i got a ticket! go now!!
@lindsey, we knew what you meant! nerves + trying to get tickets for an hour and a half + waaay too early in the am = acceptable spelling errors. :)
realized i wrote go instead of guy.  i blame it on nerves :-)
@lindsey, you and i must have called back to back!! (that poor theater guy!! he is probably getting so many calls!) hope fandango figures it out soon!!
fandango says amc has locked phipps ticketing and to call theater.  i bet they are closed due to snow.
@aris @ellen talked to go at theater and says the problem is on fandango's end but didn't have any other information about when it might be fixed.
it finally has the showtime listed on the colorado one, but when you click on buy tickets it takes you to fandango where it says "sorry, there are currently no showtimes available for this theater for the selected date." fixed one problem and created another....
i was able to get tickets for chicago when the email went out, and they continued to show as available for me for about another 20-30 minutes as i scrambled to see if i needed to buy more then the 2 i bought right off the bat.  considering all the other problems people are having, i was surprised how easy it was.  i have double checked my confirmation about 20 times to make sure i bought the right thing...
was anyone able to get tickets in chicago? it's only said "coming soon" for the last hour.
@lindsey, yay! i tried calling, but the line just rang and rang... so glad you got through! good luck!!!
@aris i called the theater and the gentlemen i spoke with said that on his end he shows the tickets as available and is going to call home office to see why it isn't showing up.  he said he would call me back.  fingers crossed.
i can't get colorado to work either! :( keeps saying no showings @lindsey
now, i'm taken to a generic amc page: http://www.fandango.com/…
i called the theater and the guy was in the middle of sending out an email to the corporate office to request more showings. wish me luck!
is colorado sold out or just having errors?
dc sold out. so sad:(
i only get this:  ticketing is currently disabled for this theater. please try again later.  :(
@ashley b -- yeahhh! i am kinda bummed too!! but look on the bright side, you know the panel will be super awesome!
boston was sold out had to have been in seconds, i couldn't get through and by the time i did they were gone. i might cry.
so upset. sold out :( i am blaming internet explorer
whew. got mine! i have never been so squirmy and nervous trying to get those tickets. lol
super bummed that the los angeles pre-screening is at 8:00 pm. this means attendees to paley fest can't participate. :( so looking forward to the film and the panel! much love to you all!
gang, we know that there are technical issues around some of the screenings and locations. we're looking into it. we'll tell you more as soon as we find out what's going on.
westminster, co says "sorry, but no showtimes have been found for that theatre on 3/13/2014." but it's one of the theaters on the list. is it sold out? i'm confused.
atlanta says:  checkout tickets  payment  confirmation ticketing is currently disabled for this theater. please try again later.
i noticed that the updates here went up from 71 to 72 and figured the email was slow to arrive.   yay for everyone else who got tickets!
got my tickets yay to a philadelphia screening!!! one month to go!!!!!!
man, should have checked here instead of email.  all the good seats were pretty much taken...  got a couple to the side though.
@james: rob was up. (as was i.) he was just waiting to post until we got confirmation from amc that the ticket sales had gone live.
https://www.amctheatres.com/events/veronica-mars  the link rob provided in the update.  (still no email!)
got my tickets!! love los angeles!
it's here now! http://m.amcurl.com/01fua
where do you see that, tiffany!?
9:08am est..... rob must have overslept.   still no word on any showings in tn.    : (
never got the email.  it's already saying tickets in d.c. are sold out!  how disappointing!
obsessively clicking refresh....
waiting not so patiently haha....
woke up early, just sitting here in ca waiting . . . waiting . . . waiting . . .
i logged in just to make sure i hadn't missed an email.  where is it!?
hahaha i set my alarm to wake me up before my kids do!  that's the very definition of insanity, right there! ;-)
i am! i'm starting to freak, i want tickets!
i keep refreshing this website, and the backer website, and my email . . . where is it? :)
i am! west coaster up before dawn waiting on tenterhooks for the email!
is anybody else stalking their email waiting for the presale ticket info?! lol i can't help myself!!
nevermind. :s just figured out how to get there. promise, it's the sleep deprivation, not lack of intelligence.
alright... needing some help. i'm a new mom with major  "mommy-brain"(yes, it's a real thing.) i've deleted my email with the login and password to the website. (eeek!) is there anyone who can help a girl out?
canadian fans - cineplex website has advance tickets on sale to two ontario theatres (in windsor and etobicoke)!!
oh so sorry jean ann.  i used to think the same about my mom because my name was tina-deyl with the hyphen and i had no middle name! haha.  i think this is completely unacceptable.  how dare warner bros. not have the movie showing in places where all backers are! after everything we have been through together and everything we have done, this is a slap in the face.  i would love to have the movie to own of course but i have got a lot of my friends addicted now and we wanted to go see it in the theatre all together.  i can only hope this isn't final and warner bros will come to their senses.... again
hi tina,  my parents hated me and gave me a two word name jean ann not jean. i am hoping someone will tell me the dvd will be out on the same day as the movie release to backers who don;t have a screening nearby.
oh no jean, that is terrible, i'm so sorry! i hope this doesn't happen to me too?!
is there a release date for the dvd's? i live in louisville kentucky and there is not a theater close to me showing the movie. would like to point out we are the largest city in kentucky and amc and warner brothers passed us over. i have offered to have a dvd viewing party at my house so would love to know the dvd release date please.
thank you for everything rob!  i live in calgary, alberta, canada and would like to know about advance screenings of the movie in canada, specifically in calgary.  also can we invite friends?  some of my friends are new marshmallows and are (kicking) themselves for not being able to contribute to the kickstarter campaign.  can i purchase tickets for them for an advance screening?
the theater you have listed for the advance screening in new york is actually in new jersey (it's even called garden state 16), is there a new york theater doing an advance screening? perhaps one of the several amcs in manhattan?  and will the advance tickets for the advance screenings only be available to backers, or can other people buy them as well (if i send them the link)? or will i be able to buy more than one ticket?
@tony -- email us at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com and we'll help you work something out. we're discouraging people from trading or buying/selling to avoid the potential for people to get scammed. thanks! @nancy -- contact our customer support team. if your rewards included a shirt, they'll make sure we help you get one! @mark -- nothing just yet. we're hoping it will be within the next week or two, at latest! @amanda -- we don't know timing of the advance screening for sure, but we suspect it'll be around 7 or 8 pm on the evening of march 13.
i pledged for two la premiere tix, and can't make it. anyone interested? email me at kongruffey@gmail.com thanks  tony
hello!  i don't know if this comment will get to the right place, but... i'm a big ol' dummy, and i moved after i became a $35 backer.  i'm sad that i missed the tee shirt, and mad at myself for not reaching out to let someone know of the address change... is there anywhere i can buy one of the tee shirts now?   thanks!
in update 65 rob commented on info coming on screenings for the international fans does anybody know if there has been any further news on this ????
speaking of ads, etc., for the movie...i've seen several billboards around town for vampire academy and none for vm! that may be considered low key advertising but i sure notice them. who do we complain to? i'd like to see way more ads, interviews, tv promotions, etc.
any idea what time the advance screening of the movie is going to be held at?
i wonder when we'll get our first tv ad for the movie. should be soon.
hi all! if anyone happens to have austin after-party tickets that they are willing to sell, please contact me at qwerpy@gmail.com, or send me your info. thanks!
hey guys! i’m a phd student (and fellow veronica fan) conducting a study about the movie, and i’d love to talk to some other backers about the show and your experiences with the campaign. if you think you might be interested, email me at amngill@umich.edu for more information. i really appreciate it! thank you!
hey, tweeting marshmallows, this kickstarter has been nominated for a shorty award. http://shortyawards.com/category/6th/kickstarter oddly the veronica mars movie has both 3rd and 15th place at present and we are behind the 1st place by a mere 124 votes. we can do better than that, marshmallows. let's show them why this kickstarter got more backers than any other kickstarter to date.
i just started rewatching vm a week ago (several episodes a day makes the seasons go quickly) and they are so good, even better than i remembered them. now march 14 must get here even faster.
come join our austin premiere facebook group:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsaustinpremiere/
@jeoff and vicky: yes, i am. i would walk every inch of the way if i had to.
kindle worlds for veronica. excellent.
alyssa you should revise that design before you get into legal trouble. the mars investigations logo will be the ip of warner bros. and possibly rob thomas too. using it on anything unofficial for the purposes of selling merchandise will be considered counterfeit and copyright infringement. generic imagery and words won't matter, but really you should just be making the design available for free anyway so fans can make their own shirts.
is their any news on international release yet?
hey does anyone mind sharing when the ny premiere is ? i cant seem to find any information in online. :)
hey fellow marshmallows! so, i designed a veronica t-shirt for me and my friend to wear at the theater, since we didn't get a t-shirt from the kickstarter. i decided to share it with other mars fans! it's available here: https://www.teepublic.com/show/13867-annoy-tiny-blonde-one for $14 only for the next 72 hours and then it will go up to $20 after that. it's also available on other products such as mugs, tote bags, pillows, iphone/ipad cases, samsung galaxy cases, and laptop skins here: http://www.redbubble.com/people/limitlyss/works/11499481-annoy-tiny-blonde-one… and here: http://society6.com/limitlyss/annoy-tiny-blonde-one#1=45 thanks!
love the youtube training - mtv movie brawl http://www.youtube.com/watch…
anyone else here going to the ny premiere and afterparty? :)
@zmclaren ,heres my email address; peacelaughbritt@aol.com !  whats the price you are selling them for? thank you :)
does anyone have after party tickets to the la premier that they can't use for whatever reason? email me! jschleeweis@gmail.com
@zmclaren, i'm interested.  are the tickets still available, and how much are you asking for them?  please email me at kelsey6578@gmail.com.  thanks!
there's another award that needs our nominations! tweet about the veronica mars kickstarter in the shorty awards...http://shortyawards.com/link/7st
i'm interested in ny tickets can u email me: fiory0013@hotmail.com or send urs? thx
since there's a lot of talk about theater locations, i gathered some stats about location of backers and theaters. 81% of us backers are within 50 miles or less of a theater that will show the veronica mars movie. 1-25 miles: 77% 26-50 miles: 6% 51-75 miles: 5% 76-100 miles: 4% 101-125 miles: 2% over 125 miles: 7% complete info here. http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/theaters/top_cities
will we get the pdf script around the time of the digital copy?
can't wait to get my digital copy of the movie around the time of the theatrical release. there isn't a theater close to me, but the digital copy will have to do. hope they don't wait to long to release it
@zmclaren yes i am !!!!
i have two tickets to the ny premiere and after party that i can't use.  anyone interested?
does anyone know when the nyc movie premiere is and where?
oh my gosh! got my logan lovers signed headshot!!! jason has such beautiful handwriting!
oh my gosh! got my logan lovers signed headshot!!! jason has such incredible handwriting!
"how we got over 20,000,000 votes in 72 hours"? just ask some thousand sore fingers.
hi  does anyone know how long the movie will be in the cinema and will it come out i europe?
just wanted to pop in and say i'm glad to hear the movie is coming together.  i was hoping it'd play locally, but i'll have to drive an hour or so to the nearest theater to see it.  i'm sure it'll be worth it! can't wait!
for those with twitter,  '@nbcsnl: today's the day: #snlhost & #snlmusic suggestion day! tweet us ur picks for who you'd like to see host/musical guest & don't forget the #'s.'  let's try and get them to consider kb (or another vm person if you so choose to tweet), yeah? we know she wants to host and it'd be great since the vm movie is coming up.
this has been by far the best kickstarter i've been a part of! i love how every step of the way we've been informed of what's going on. all the excellent updates and communication with rob. given opportunities to help "our" movie like sharing videos, the trailer and helping vote in the movie brawl. this pales in comparison with some of the other projects on kickstarter. thanks for making this the best experience and making us really feel like we are a part of something grand! i cannot wait for the movie!!! eeeeeeek!
funny - between the fans & the actors -- there is nothing we can't do - on to ruling the world!! haha
@leslie - hah he said that as far as he has been informed, if vm wins the brawl, kristen will walk a path to the premiere cobbled together with the severed heads of our foes and that he for one wants to see that, so keep voting.
"will "hunger games" once again wreck its terrible vengeance, after losing in 2012, then winning in 2013? or will it be taken down by, dare we say it ... "veronica mars 2?"" i think dare we say it!
here's the link: http://www.mtv.com/news/articles/1721509/veronica-mars-mtv-movie-brawl.jhtml
it's finally official... we won! great job everyone!!
i haven't seen anything in the comments about what rob was saying in this video - can't play video at work, what did he say http://mtvnews.tumblr.com/post/74849986236/marshmallows-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-has
should be any moment now [results were typically posted 60-90 min after the round ended]  my guess is the graphics department is busy adding veronica, as they seemed to have left her off the main graphic for the brawl
congratulations to rob and diane for the cw pilot pickup for izombie!
when are they releasing the official results?
@joshua, the link gives the totals, the rate numbers were calculated by periodically sampling the totals
i suspect the numbers are accurate, as posting them in the chat, resulted in people getting banned
phew. i was strangely invested in that stupid brawl....guess i just like to watch the numbers go up, as i did when the ks campaign started!
final results: [pre mtv announcement] veronica mars: 77% (36293430 votes) vampire academy: 23% (11010235 votes)
thanks james!  i can see now we are holding at 77% as of 8:39 pacific time.
http://funnel.mtvnservices.com/api/v2/mtv.com/collections/mb2014_mars_vampire/tallies.json
where are you getting these numbers?
their vote rate is up to 215 votes per second [averaged over the last 15 min], they need to get up to 1400/second to pass us [assuming our rate does not increase]
make that 83% now
we are being out voted by 2500 votes ever 5 seconds.
dropped to 84%. va is pushing hard.
totals as of 5:45 eastern vm: 85% (30465596) va: 15% (5252564) va picked up a few percent overnight, but looks like vm fans are getting out of bed and starting to vote as our rate is picking up now as well.
mark l - how are the numbers looking?
don't let the monster numbers fool you into relaxing... vampire academy is starting to make a hard run, and is gaining ground quicker and quicker, they succeeded with this kind of push in the last round totaling over 46million votes. we need to keep on top of it to stay ahead!
round 3 has some oddities for sure here are the total vote results for all 4 matches in that round. round 3: [total votes per match] hunger games: mockingjay part 1 vs veronica mars: 2,669,673 the maze runner vs the amazing spider-man2: 163,730 tracers vs vampire academy: 857,326 maps to the stars vs divergent: 32,221,906 with the exception of maps to the stars vs divergent, all the matches had very low counts for some reason... so something happened there, but i don't know what.
mark l - "i can see our number being that low, because most of us didn't know of the poll at that time" but the numbers as posted show that vm fans voted for the film 7,638,594 times against the rover in the round before mockingjay and then only 1,335,181 times for the film against mockingjay. that's an 80% drop in votes from our fans. just seems off to me that the votes would have dropped that significantly, but i am not trying to cause trouble.
what i pasted is the direct output from the mtv server. so my only guess is that the hunger games fandom really wasn't voting, and we got lucky. i can see our number being that low, because most of us didn't know of the poll at that time... rob didn't post until the maze runner matchup which was the next round.
mark l. – this is very interesting – thanks! but are we missing a zero in the hunger games match-up? weird that each film would only get just over a million votes in that round – even the round before had more than 5x that many votes per film..
sorry for all the code... here is the break-down of the code below vs guardians of the galaxy: 70% [20696 votes] to 30% [8932 votes] vs the rover: 59% [7638594 votes] to 41% [5288961 votes] vs hunger games: mockingjay part 1: 50% [1335181 votes] to 50% [1334492 votes]  vs the maze runner: 81% [41269793 votes] to 19% [9410343 votes]
and for those interested, here are the results from the previous rounds... damn mockingjay was a close one! {"tallies":{"tally":{"count":50680136,"answer":[{"count":41269793,"percentage":81,"value":"veronicamars"},{"count":9410343,"percentage":19,"value":"mazerunner"}],"question":"veronicamars_mazerunner","timewindow":{"closing":-2,"opening":9223372036854775807,"type":"all_time"}}}} {"tallies":{"tally":{"count":2669673,"answer":[{"count":1335181,"percentage":50,"value":"mars"},{"count":1334492,"percentage":50,"value":"mockingjay"}],"question":"mockingjay_mars","timewindow":{"closing":-2,"opening":9223372036854775807,"type":"all_time"}}}} {"tallies":{"tally":{"count":12927555,"answer":[{"count":7638594,"percentage":59,"value":"veronica"},{"count":5288961,"percentage":41,"value":"rover"}],"question":"veronica_rover","timewindow":{"closing":-2,"opening":9223372036854775807,"type":"all_time"}}}} {"tallies":{"tally":{"count":29628,"answer":[{"count":20696,"percentage":70,"value":"mars"},{"count":8932,"percentage":30,"value":"guardians"}],"question":"guardians_mars","timewindow":{"closing":-2,"opening":9223372036854775807,"type":"all_time"}}}}
ok, i'll make that an official number... this is the json packet that comes from the mtv server directly {"tallies":{"tally":{"count":32836778,"answer":[{"count":28726779,"percentage":87,"value":"mars"},{"count":4109999,"percentage":13,"value":"vampire"}],"question":"mars_vampire","timewindow":{"closing":-2,"opening":9223372036854775807,"type":"all_time"}}}}
if a recent "code" posting in chat is to believed, we are currently in the lead with 87% of the vote.
will the movie be shown in hawaii?
@mark -- for what it's worth, canada falls into the "international" category, so we still haven't finalized arrangements or made an announcement about where it might be screening. amc's list just covers the domestic united states. @jennifer -- i totally understand and sympathize. please understand that we'd like for the movie to appear everywhere, but that there are a ton of factors that go into theatrical release agreements, and we don't have control over most of them. and as rob said, when we launched the kickstarter, we thought we'd only be on a dozen screens *total*, so we're excited that we'll be on more than that. but tell amc that you'd like it in boise -- if a lot of fans contact them, it could help! @mark -- mostly because there isn't much news to share about the digital series. i think rob plans to explain what's going on in his next update.
we need to vote more than last round. round 4: veronica mars: 41,269,793 votes the maze runner: 9,410,343 votes round 4: vampire academy: 46,108,808 votes divergent: 40,589,337 votes
sorry to hear that jennifer, they did say that they are looking into more locations.  if it's any consolation, i'm in canada, and there aren't any in the country! the closest one is about 5 hours away by driving over the border.
i am enraged right now.  after donating to the kickstarter, following the progress for the past year, posting post after post after post to help promote this movie, i find out that it won't be playing at any of the theaters in my state.  why?????  i live in boise, idaho, and this is completely and utterly ridiculous.
@adam packard: mtv does that every year for the final 2 days of the last round. this creates suspense over who the winner will be, and also gives mtv the exclusive on what the final outcome is until the reveal.
portland, oregon area theaters: the living room 6 (portland, or) cinetopia progress ridge beaverton (portland, or) cinetopia vancouver mall (vancouver, wa)
keep voting for the mtv movie brawl - we are in the final two movies - with everyone's help we can win - vote as often as you like http://www.mtv.com/content/movies/movie_brawl/
i don't have any amc theaters near me!  do you think they'll be released in regal cinemas?!
did i miss something?  why is news of the digital spin-off series posted everywhere but here?
hahaha! 85%-15%... and now: "thanks for your vote. voting totals will now be hidden for the remainder of the tournament, which ends thursday when the movie brawl champion will be revealed. keep voting!" apparently we were just humiliating them, so they had to hide it to protect the silly va fans. :-)
hey gang! now that the amc list is out, is anyone organizing fan get togethers for the movie? i'm in the baltimore area, right down the road from the white marsh theater if anyone else is in that area!
i took the theaters from the amc list and put them into a map for easier reference. http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/theaters
is there already a schedule for the movie to arrive in international theaters?
78%, :d
68-32!  go marshmallows.
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/28/science/the-sloths-busy-inner-life.html…
amc theaters listing for vm! https://www.amctheatres.com/movie-news/2014/01/veronica-mars-tickets-on-sale-february-14th-locations-announced-today nice, pretty decent release, looks like it actually will be fairly wide! it's a lot bigger than their recent art and classics releases (which have been horribly cut back recently).
vampire academy is keeping a tight race, we're going to need all hands on deck for this final round!
just finished rewatching all three seasons on amazon prime....sadly, i could not discipline myself to watch just one episode per day :) march can't come soon enough!
voting is at 50/50  come on marshmallows keep voting!
voting has started on the final round.. so far its vampires 51% vm 49%
new voting link for anyone who wants it http://www.mtv.com/content/movies/movie_brawl/matches/mb2014_rnd5_mtch01.jhtml
@jon: i don't know where they are posted [if anywhere], i was online at the time of the close of the round. so that was the tally, at about 1 min to go, unlikely to have changed more than a percent from there.
also i read someones post that the vm series was available on hulu+ but on a whim i looked on my amazon prime account and they are there as well.  loving the chance to review them before the premier!  also gives me a chance to introduce the series to my g/f who doesn't understand anything about it yet and thinks i'm nuts..  of course the latter may indeed be true!  but that's what make me unique =)
final round is up, go vote. :)
mark, where did you find the scores?  i was trying to find them on mtc site but i guess i need new glasses or something!
make that 81-19 [stupid lack of edit]
well we finished 89-19 so i think it's safe to say we turned things around :) get ready for the final round!!!
81% damn.
i've added a few new pages to marsinvestigations.net notable backers: list of vm folks and tv critics who backed the movie http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/backers/ backers search: search through list of names listed on the vm movie "thanks" page http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/backers/search/ comparsion of the top 10 kickstarter film projects http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/pledge_levels http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/compare_films summary of the various kickstarter stats http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/stats_analysis
joshua: thanks!
51-49 i believe. @daniel.
i just recently discovered the movie brawl tournament. amazing that vm won against the hunger games. what was the final result in that match?
77-23!
75-25 great work!  i imagine that's enough headroom to still be ahead after the maze runner makes a final push overnight [they usually gain a bit overnight] that's not to say we should stop voting, but i don't think we need to pound them into the ground either.
71-29, we are amazing.
hi everyone, i am looking for some help. the veronica mars fans are an amazing group and last year we showed the world that if you believe in something, anything is possible. to that end, i have decided to run in the 2014 new york marathon. as part of that endevour, i am trying to fundraise $2620 for team for kids. it's a great organization that goes out to poorer neighborhoods and schools to teach kids about fitness, nutrition, and other ways to defeat childhood obesity. no pledge is too small and all pledges are tax deductible. for more information, please take a look at my site here: http://www.runwithtfk.org/profile/publicpage/15358 as a long time veronica mars fan, i would like to give somethng back to those willing to help the cause. back in 2006 i had the chance to attend a veronica mars themed convention and took lots of pictures of the event. i'll be sharing these photos with anyone that donates at least $1. a few examples of the pictures:  http://i461.photobucket.com/albums/qq338/munn75/qa2.jpg http://i461.photobucket.com/albums/qq338/munn75/dohringbw.jpg http://i461.photobucket.com/albums/qq338/munn75/capraqa2.jpg also anyone that pledeges at least $1 will be entered into a drawing once the goal is met to win one of these autographed photos: http://i461.photobucket.com/albums/qq338/munn75/autos.jpg finally for the largest pledge received prior to meeting the goal, they will receive this veronica mars poster signed by francis capra and jason dohring: http://i461.photobucket.com/albums/qq338/munn75/poster.jpg i embarked on this adventure to teach my daughter about doing things for others, the kindness of strangers, goal setting, and basically just reaching out for your dreams. you guys represent those things in so many ways. i hope you will consider helping and please feel free to pass this along to anyone you think might be interested in helping too. all the best, ben munn
now down to 66-34, they are pushing hard.  many of us must be asleep.
down to 66-34, it seems to take them about an hour to move it a percent.
currently 67-33, looks like they're making another push.
71-29, keep it up you marshmallows you...
maze runner is making a comeback.  they have knocked our percentage down to 68-32.  they are gaining.  keep voting.
got my download codes for the 3 seasons of veronica mars. movie's gonna be awesome.
we had it to 76%-24% but in the last hour, we lost a percentage, down to 75%-25%.
we're up 74% to 26%. =)
i'm in for 10k votes. consider it done. :-)
http://www.mtv.com/content/movies/movie_brawl/ keep voting!!!!!!!!!!
http://instagram.com/p/jfalven9kh/# jason dohring has a #mtvmoviebrawl please for his veronica mars marshmallows out there! after you watch this, got here: http://moviebrawl.mtv.com/
hi all - i have tickets to the austin premiere, but looking for after-party tickets.  briannan23@yahoo.com
i've got two tickets to la and am looking to swap for nyc. drop me a line if you are interested! elaess at gmail dot com
http://www.mtv.com/content/movies/movie_brawl/ we need to beat hunger games!!!!!!! vote vm!!!!!!
http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.co.uk/2014/01/veronica-mars-movie-trailer.html
come join our austin premiere group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsaustinpremiere/
la premiere is wednesday march 12. if you're going to the la premiere join our facebook group https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarslapremiere/
quick question: will the paleyfest event be recorded and viewable to backers?
hello there ! question. crazy overboard excited for this movie so i wanna experience it all. the nyc premiere, so there's going to be a red carpet, and even if you dont have tickets to the movie/event you can still go support it on the side lines right ? i would love to know the date of the new york city premiere so i could adventure up there ! 2nd question. is this going to be in a lot of theaters? amc right.
http://www.mtv.com/content/movies/movie_brawl/matches/mb2014_rnd2_mtch02.jhtml the rover is winning by a pretty big margin....vote as much as you can for the next few hours. :)
@vm fangirl - thanks for posting, really good interview article. ("“a lot of that emotion was very real for me. i think i was in love with [kristen] for the three years [back when] we made that show,” he (jd) says." hah, knew it, you could so tell even just from a few bits during the comic con fan event footage that got posted. not that you can blame the man.)
my daughter and i are going to the la premiere, but we don't know what day it is.  could someone post the day/time/location for the la premiere, since the kickstarter people were given that information?  we need to buy our plane tickets.
anyone else see this fabulous interview with jd on buzzfeed? http://www.buzzfeed.com/jarettwieselman/veronica-mars-star-jason-dohring-takes-a-return-trip-to-nept
a web series about dick, you would think it would cause a little more ruckus here :)
i have two tickets to the la premiere and am looking to trade them for new york! please email me at karinee259@aol.com if you are interested.  i would be willing to pay extra just to make the switch.  thank you!
will it be a re-release of the dvds of the series? like in a cute box or something?
wow, just randomly spotted this: http://www.deadline.com/2014/01/veronica-mars-gets-digital-spinoff-series-on-cw/  surprised it's not an update here.
does anyone else feel like we should get to know about a veronica mars web series before the rest of the world???  i am super happy for veronica and can't wait to watch it but sometimes i feel like i am getting my info after everyone else… http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/tv/2014/01/15/veronica-mars-cw/4496467/
going to the la premiere but wasn't able to score tickets to the after party.  if anyone is looking to sell only their after party tickets (2) let me know: cgn1434@hotmail.com  thanks!
a vm digital series from the cw - http://insidetv.ew.com/2014/01/15/cw-orders-veronica-mars-spinoff-digital-series/
hi all- i still have 2 tickets for the la premiere that i can't attend.  please email if you are interested in buying them. cj@catchthewaveit.com
hiiii, i received an email about my personalize message and i have no idea what to put in it. i honestly i'm hyperventileting here trying to figure it out, any ideas?
i have two tickets to the la premiere and am looking to trade them for new york!  please email me at karinee259@aol.com if you are interested.  thanks.
hi everyone! this a bit random, but does anyone have or know of someone selling their 2005 comic con veronica mars poster- the autographed version. i've been searching sites like ebay for ever now it feels like. mine got damaged in a flood and i'm pretty devastated about it. it's the the film noir one with a big picture of veronica & smaller picture of other cast members like lilly kane. let me know! thank you!!! :) twitter name is @domkruse to get in touch with me about it!!
i have two tickets for sale for the la premiere march 12 (no after party).  bummed i can't go.  please email me at veronicamarslatix@yahoo.com if interested.
when are you going to release the poster to movie theaters?
can someone post the days for the la  and new york premiere and after party?
hi, i may not be able to attend the austin premiere and after party on march 8. if anyone is interested in buying my tickets, contact me at robyngoldy at yahoo.com.
what cities r u gonna be showing in? im hoping u premier in buffalo ny.
http://www.mtv.com/content/movies/movie_brawl/ veronica mars is up against guardians of the galaxy, and vm is winning so far!
@sean winship -  is your wife still unable to make it with you too the austin premier and after party?  would you consider selling it?   please l let me know if so!  i'm thatjenncheng  on twitter  and jennannecheng at yahoo dot com "sean winshipon jan 5 my wife can't get away from work in march so i need a date to the austin premier and after party. anyone game?"
just looking to help a friend find  one ticket to the premiere/after-party in austin. if you can help, please send me a tweet at scgirl_at_heart
@chris tham i emailed you.  :-)
according to grace, the austin event is on saturday the 8th.
better address!    if you'll be at the austin premiere - please join our facebook group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsaustinpremiere/
if you'll be at the austin premiere - please join our facebook group:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/499152986865849/
what are the dates for the austin and ny premieres?
i have two tickets to la premiere and after party and am looking to swap them for nyc or even austin.   email me at vmticketswap at gmail if you're interested.   thanks!
@chris tham: are these premiere only tickets?
@chris, i will send them your email to a friend. :(  i'm sorry it didn't work out. :/
i know it's far too late, but looking at the advance movie poster with the tag line: "she thought she was out."  wouldn't it have been a good idea to begin the movie with the scene at logan's locker near the end of season two when veronica is saying something to the effect of " and i'll never have to see any of these people again." only to show her receiving the call from logan:  " veronica i need your help."  oh well, better minds than mine wrote the series and movie:  i'm willing to leave it to those amazing professionals.
austin premiere tickets available for purchase if someone wants them.  very annoyingly i am stuck.  i got a new job and i cannot make it the trip to austin.  email me offers at tham at sbcglobal dot net please.
i just got my email survey for the la premier!! i am freaking out in excitement right now!! ^.^
who has the over under on love ending up together?
oh, found the direct link:  http://j.mp/veronicamarsmovieposter
@julien delattre - that'd be cool - i didn't spring for it at the time...  anyway, for folks to peruse a bigger version of the poster:  http://j.mp/veronicamarsmovieposter :)
if you're going to the la premiere you should join or facebook group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarslapremiere/members/
will there be a way for me to buy the poster even if i am at the $50 level?
i still haven't received one of my tshirts :( i should receive two since i backed twice on different accounts and i've only received one. i know it's hard since i don't know which design i asked for on which account but i've sent messages to customer services twice and haven't had anything but the automatic email back. is there anything else i could do to speed up the process?
hey rob, how about vip tix to the sxsw after party for backers at, say, the $200 level and above?! great news about sxsw, eager to attend the world premier!
@z - exactly! plus vm is the opening night ceremony for paleyfest which is on march 13th. and vm is definitely not the opening night film at sxsw on 03/07 (that honor goes to jon favreau's "chef") so vm can't have its "world premiere" at sxsw until march 8th at the earliest. i have to assume that the austin premiere would be the next day while rob (and probably kristen) are still in austin for sxsw. so that brings us up to the la and ny premieres both happening on the 10th, 11th or 12th. my best guess would be that rob would then go from austin to ny to have the ny premiere on the 10th and then back to la and have the la premiere on the 12th (then paleyfest on the 13th). if i was making the travel plans that's how i'd do it. of course, if sxsw schedules vm for anytime after the 8th, it would be next to impossible for rob (and kristen) to make it to all 3 premieres and after parties. (assuming sxsw= 03/09, austin=03/10, ny=03/11, la=03/12. if sxsw is after the 9th they'll have to double up premieres on one night. unless they bill the premieres as "private" screenings for kickstarter backers, cast and crew. then the premieres can happen before the "world premiere" all speculation. but the math makes it a serious time crunch.
@nathan - given sxsw march 7-15th in austin and the vm premieres expected to be like within the march 5-13th range and the claim that sxsw will have the first showing in the world, i'd guess the la and ny premieres would be in the 9-13th range. i'd figure the austin and sxsw couldn't be later than the 11th and maybe more like the 7th or 8th?? but obviously that's speculation based upon speculation, so i absolutely totally would not base any firm travel plans on that.
if you're going to the la premiere you should join or facebook group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarslapremiere/members/ where we speculate about things like "when is the premiere" "what should i wear" etc
ahhhh!  when are the premiere dates going to be announced??  i am dying to book my trip to la already!!! :)
veronica mars movie to world premiere at sxsw: http://filmmakermagazine.com/83261-sxsw-to-world-premiere-veronica-mars-jon-favreaus-chef/#.us8i25e7zuy so what does this mean for the la, ny and austin premieres? when will sxsw announce their schedule?
"amazon announced on thursday that its prime instant video service has secured exclusive online streaming rights to all three seasons of v. mars, effective today." this is so awesome.  i was hoping for netflix because i think it could reach more people, but the series is so much better in hd.  :d
i just wanted to share, for those of you still wanting to catch up or hook your friends on the show before the movie premiere:  dvdplanet.com has all of the veronica mars seasons on dvd on sale for 11.99 each! shipping is 1.99, or if you buy all three seasons, free! http://www.dvdplanet.com/buy/dvd/veronica-mars-season-1_2551490
@lars - good suggestion, folding totally ruins posters/prints; unfolded, rolled in a tube is the easiest safe way (unfolded, flat boarded is the best, but more expensive and time consuming and not really needed unless it's a large, old print, so well overkill for this)
ivanovitch a question. when the times come to send out the movieposters can you please send them rolled instead of folded. why you ask ;-) i will mount mine in a frame so it would look much nicer if it was sent rolled.
@caitlyn: drop us an email at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, and i'll check with customer support to see if i can find out the status of your shirt. sound good?
still haven't received my shirt & still no replay to my email in regards to the missing shirt.
my wife can't get away from work in march so i need a date to the austin premier and after party. anyone game?
hi marshmallows!!! i was just wondering if anyone knows if it's still possible (and if so, how) to get another t-shirt? unfortunately mine got ripped :(
hey fellow marshmallows! :) i've got a question for you. i recently (means: yesterday) moved from germany to birminham, alabama, and had i known that a year ago i sure as hell would have tried organising something veronica mars related, but as things stand i didn't, and now i'm wonderin whether there is maybe something planned, like a meeting of fans around the area or something similar? it would be so cool to meet up with a few people and maybe go to the movie together. i know there used to be some kind of document where one could leave their email adress and location, but i've long lost sight of this. so.. does anybody know anything? :) oh and also: the new trailer ist amazing, i'm sooooo excited! at he same time i don't want it to happen so it won't be over so soon already, but then, oh how much do i want to watch that movie! so much <3
http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.com/2014/01/veronica-mars-movie-trailer.html
anyone know the songs in the trailer?
i was getting a little worried with the previous trailer's focus on high school rivalries and love triangles, but this trailer makes it clear that the movie based on one of the smartest written tv shows ever (which btw ended with some of the most compelling story lines i've ever seen), will encompass a lot more than petty teenager nonsense.﻿ so glad to be a backer!
ok, just saw that click/preview. i was onboard at the beginning of this project. after seeing those clips, i am highly anticipating getting my copy to view. looks amazing.!!
any news on the premieres yet? really wanted to buy my plane tickets before the prices went sky high!
i pledged $1000 for 2 tickets to la premiere and am looking to swap with someone for nyc tickets.  i saw that @jeoffandvicky posted a similar question earlier.  if anyone is interested, please send an email to vmticketswap at gmail.  thanks!
also happy new year to all you glorious marshmallows! :d
@louis, you should contact customer service about this. their email address is info@theveronicamarsmovie.com, if in doubt look up the guidelines for t-shirt problems in update no. 55.
i received an email telling me that my second t-shirt had been dispatched but i've noticed it hasn't arrived yet.  first one was sent to a wrong address but i've never actually received confirmation where the second one was sent to?
yay got my stickers! they look great!
my reward was sent to the wrong address. whoever managed the shipments made a mistake and now i do t have my reward. please contact me to fix this issue
received my stickers today in the mail, along with some other belated christmas presents - the stickers made my day by far! :d so excited for the movie! greetings from germany :)
hey, i got stickers!
got my replacement shirt with the correct design today, a nice early x-mas present :) not tight at all, actually somewhat larger than my other t-shirts (all medium).
so glad to get the email about the premieres.  can wait for the dates to be locked in.
thank you so much for that second shirt! now i have both and i feel like i robbed you! the sleeves are a bit tight but they're perfect! you rock!
is there anyone out there that has a women's size medium who wants a small? i've got both designs and would love to switch.
i also got a new t-shirt with the right design this time and a bigger size!! thank you so much!!
thank you so much for sending out another shirt with the design i ordered and even in another size! now it fits perfectly and i'll wear it proudly. :-)
wow i recieved my correct t-shirt yesterday, didn't expect it to be so soon. thank you!
it's been nearly 3 weeks since i sent an email to customer support about my shirts, and i still haven't heard anything back. i got an email a few days after my initial email, telling me they hadn't forgotten about me and would be in touch soon, but since then, nothing. should i be concerned or send another email? i'm sure they have a lot of people to get through. i'm just not sure what's the normal wait time and what's considered "soon," and i'm starting to get frustrated.
yes i will get the digital copy and bluray.  i had plans to take several friends from work. i'm afraid a trek out of state would be out of the question for newbies.  regal has its headquarters in knoxville. i'd hoped they would have it.  here's hoping.
@james - did you do the tier reward level with the digital copy? i'm sure you want to see it on the big screen too.  who knows, they could partner with a few other theater groups. i hope so.  our nearest amc is about an hr away (which isn't much of a drive compared to your five though), and i apparently have five separate dates to see it with family and friends.
@russell - novel is said to drop very late march to very early april
no amc's in tennessee at all.  really stinks that to see this on the big screen travel for five to six hours is required.  any chance this could be picked up by another chain like regal or carmike?  amc is it?
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20131206005856/en/warner-bros.%e2%80%99-%e2%80%9cveronica-mars%e2%80%9d-movie-opens-march really wish in the initial story from entertainment weekly it would have been noted this was only opening in amc theatres. i'd gotten my hopes up i'd get to see this on the big screen. it's not like i was expecting 2,000+ theaters but was hoping for 700-1,000. the nearest amc is over 2 hours away. it will probably only reach, what, 200 theaters? such a disappointment! i know this is still wider than they expected, but i feel slightly misled regardless. even though i was getting a digital copy with the amount i pledged i probably wouldn't have even watched it until it was out of theaters. i was going to see the movie over and over theatrically and bring friends. expected to see it a minimum of 4 times.so bummed i won't have that opportunity now :(.
anybody know whether the release delay for the film will affect the release of the first novel, which supposedly takes place after the events of the movie and is coming out in february?
98 days wow!  that makes it feel lik its really going to happen and soon!
the veronica mars movie project already is a success!  the upcoming events are just icing on the cake.  rob and team veronica mars, congrats! thanks for keeping us so well informed! happy holidays!
nu finna det en facebook.grupp för alla svenska vm-fans som vill att sf ska visa filmen på bio i sverige, gå med där om ni förstår detta. there is a swedish facebook.group for all swedish fans that wants to connvince the cinema-chain sf to show the movie in theaters in sweden. https://www.facebook.com/groups/1481560215403216/1481757565383481/…
@ivanovitch thank you so much!!!
see you in march, fellow marshmallows! let the vm marathoning commence. :)
@dominique -- just contact info@theveronicamarsmovie.com and they can help you change the address you've got on line! @fun -- same as above. if you haven't gotten an answer yet about the digital downloads for s1-s3, please send a note to customer support and let them know -- info@theveronicamarsmovie.com.
hi all! i need to change my address, i read to contact customer support to do so in the faq. does any one have a link for that, i just couldn't find a "customer support" button or link on kickstarter. just the "contact" button that leads back to the kickstarter creator. thank you so much!
i got my shirts yesterday (they technically arrived the day before, but no one mentioned i had mail, so i found them yesterday). i wore the blinds one to school yesterday and was telling everyone (who didn't ask) about my shirt. no one i talked to knew about the movie (except my mom), so i'm going to keep getting the word out.
word on the ground is that my t-shirt.2 has arrived and sources say it's the right design:d i'm soooo excited! why oh why did i decide to be away from home until mid december?
i pledged to receive all 3 seasons of veronica mars for download since i'm in the uk but i have not received any sort of download code. will i receive this any time soon?
hey all, ivan here. more answers! @gillian -- the stickers for people who didn't order shirts haven't been sent out just yet. we're figuring out the timing now, but hoping to have them out to you soon! @luis -- check backer update #55 for more instructions on how to check on your t-shirt status, or get help if something went wrong.
i know that people getting shirts received tracking information. i'm only getting the stickers, are we receiving tracking information of any sort or is it just a waiting game?
i have not received any emails or any confirmation for a shirt or anything. can someone help me out? how can i check status?
hey, finally got my vm t-shirt and stickers! looks a bit small (i ordered large in women size), but should fit okay. i have to say, the vm customer service were fast in responding to my email regarding my address issue. thanks guys! now bring on the movie!!
@nick: nope. check the backer update sent yesterday for details on how to get help with any & all t-shirt related issues! we've got a special support page set up just for that.
got the t-shirts i ordered, the quality is fine but the sizes are at least one size smaller than sizing we  were given.  my small shirt is almost too small for my size 0 daughter.
i'm in canada and i haven't gotten anything yet, it's been 20 days.  the emails had no tracking details, just that it was mailed out via dhl. i get a week, two but 20 days is getting a little scary.  should i just send a message to whoever responds to the "contact me" for rob?
i received my shirt a while back & i love it! i'm not going to lie, it makes my boobs look awesome! my husband & i thank you.
the blinds shirt was a thinner shirt made in china, and the noir shirt was a thicker material made in pakistan.  both shirts were made from different materials.  i love the blinds shirt.  despite it being thinner, it's so soft.  :)  i think the noir shirt didn't come fitted because it was a different country, but that's just my thoughts.  either way, i'm happy with both of them. :) thanks for the update, ivan! :)
hey all -- ivan here. a few more responses, though you'll find more answers over in the comment thread on the newest update, here: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/posts/676236#comments @jenn: i'd suggest starting with a message using the "other reason" field, yeah -- let us know if that doesn't help you get the problem resolved. @bruce: if you find the shirt unsoft or unbeautiful, definitely not challenging you, but we're also getting a ton of messages from backers who think it's "the softest, most comfortable t-shirt" they've ever owned. not sure if some shirts used different material, or it's a difference of opinion. just sharing for perspective.
i'm really happy to see you want to fix the t-shirts problem, but if we ordered a size, and we did get that size but it doesn't fit, what can be done? do we fill in the claim with some 'other' reason?
those concerned about t-shirts holding up in the wash have nothing to worry about. they're thin, but they're 65% poly, so they should be pretty durable. however, "soft and beautiful" doesn't describe a 65% poly blend. it won't wrinkle and it'll hold up well, but it's rougher and less breathable. it traps heat like crazy, and if you sweat you're in trouble. i wasn't expecting an 80/20 cotton/poly or anything, but 100% cotton should have been pretty affordable.
i'm in the batch of folks who had a t-shirt shipped to them but it did not arrive.  looking forward to hearing from you on how to fix!  on my end it looks like usps's fault; when i track it, the status goes from "out to delivery" and then the latest update says: "october 28, 2013 , 10:37 pm delivery status not updated"  thanks, usps!
i got my t-shirts and stickers and i'm with stefanie. i'm really happy with the quality of the shirts, the material is soft and stretchy and the size, while a bit tight, is exactly what i expected, having bought a lot of t-shirts online i knew the women's xl would be snug, but no more so than an xl from nbc's online store, and way better quality material than a shirt the same price from, say, headline shirts. i love it and i'm so happy about the film that what does it matter anyway? we helped create history, and a veronica mars movie!!! made my year!
hey rob, i also have not received my stickers yet. any word?
hey rob, ivan and team, i haven't got my shirts yet. any details?
oh, sorry, just saw the reaction...hope there will be a solution soon
has there been any reaction to the complaints about the wrong design, bad quality and way to small sizes? i hope this isn't a preview of the movie....
i got my shirt a couple weeks ago and can't even get my head through it... pretty sure i didn't order women's small.. it's child size. i think i asked for small men's so i could wear it to bed... also don't think i asked for this design :/ i don't know anyone tiny enough to wear the shirt. huge bummer.
just discovered an email from dhl confirming that my shirt has been shipped to some random commercial address near my house.  amazed since it seems that it would be actually harder to send it the fictional address it went to rather than my actual address. i'm going to try and get in touch with them tomorrow and see if it turns up.
got my t-shirt earlier this week (in london), but i have to say, that this is one of the flimsiest t-shirts i have ever seen! i am even afraid that putting it through the wash one time will just ruin it. would have been nice if you guys hadn't invested in the cheapest t-shirts you could find (because that's definitely what it looks like)
got my shipping email for the shirt on nov 8. it showed the correct address, didn't have any tracking info. nothing has arrived yet, i'm in edmonton.
got the shirt and stickers this week. size is ok, but it's not the design i chose. :/
i'd love to know whether the movie is going to reach cinemas in australia. i know that may not be something that you guys know as yet but when you do could you please make sure to include it in an update? thanks.
there's a lot of comments on here about shirts being too small, but what about those of us that never received them at all? i filled out my survey properly, haven't moved, etc. and yet received nothing.
hey all -- ivan here. i know that there have been a *lot* of comments and questions about the shirts, and while i don't have answers for all of them just yet, i wanted you to know we're seeing everything you're posting, and we've been working like mad to figure out what we can do to solve the most common issues. in particular, if you received the wrong shirt design, or your shirt is damaged, or it got shipped to the wrong address by accident, we are definitely going to make sure we fix the problem for you. we're just trying to sort out all of the issues we want to help with, so we can solve them as quickly as possible. so if you're having problems, i know it's frustrating. please just know that we're not ignoring you -- we're just trying to find solutions, which would be impossible to do while also responding to every comment and post and email. we'll have more information very soon. (should be next week.) in the meantime, thank you so much for being patient with us -- this is as new to us as it is to most of you!
back when we got the backer survey to complete i was upset because i looked at the women's sizes and right away knew the women's xl would be too snug. now i'm reading that even the sizes people thought would fit are too tight, so i'm glad i didn't get the xl and just hope for the best. however, even worse is that when i emailed them about this issue i was sent a link that showed the company they were ordering the shirts from did provide larger sizes for women's shirts that just weren't being offered to us. after having salt rubbed in my wound they added insult to injury asking if i wanted my money back. now, after ordering a t-shirt in my boyfriend's size instead so that at least one of us could enjoy it, i receive the shirt and while it is the right design (wow, i can't believe so many people got the wrong design!) it's not the size i ordered! and they're telling me that's what it says in the survey, only i never received any kind of confirmation after completing the survey so i don't even know if they're telling me the truth. they say they're going to look into it after all the shirts are sent out, but i'm not overly hopeful for a good resolution. the stickers are cool, and i'm so excited to see the movie, but i'm extremely disappointed with all of the t-shirt business.
i love the shirts, think the material is great... i was worried about them being too thin and see through, but when i put one on it was fine.  i do think it's a bummer that they are so small; i thought it looked like they would be, so i got xl's of the women's fit, and they're still just a tad too snug (i hope they don't shrink too much when washing)... really should've had a better range of sizes... hope there's a way to maybe fix/that work that out for some people.
just adding my voice to the mass of confused european residents who received the wrong design, this one is pretty but i'm confident the miniblinds is prettier:p kind of relieved i'm not the only one though even if it's an unfortunate extra hassle for everybody, recipients and senders alike. (i was almost starting to question my drunken memory, but memory you have been redeemed :d). i'll do my best to be a good little girl and be patient, it'll be worth the wait. also, glad the sizing chart didn't lie, the sizes looked rather small so i went for an xl and by the looks of it that was a wise decision :d
hi i haven't recieve anything yet. is that normal ? i'm in france. thanks for telling what i should do.
both t-shirts arrived and stickers came for me here in the uk. size were correct, will be kept safe in the bag. can't wait for the movie. was wondering how do i receive the veronica mars seasons 1-3 download since i pledged to receive all the seasons of veronica mars? thank you.
well i am disapointed as well, the tshirt is.... not going to last if i wear and wash it! however, prehaps we should remember that we did spend '30 dollars' on the tshirt, it is more 15 dollars and out of that rob and the crew will be using some of the money to back the movie. so all in all, i am happy. the movie will be better than the tshirt and the tshirt will hang in my cupboard after its one wearing today until i go to the cinema in umea sweden to watch the film!
t shirt + stickers arrived a couple of days ago, forgot to thank the staff plus rob and also to wish you all good luck with the movie. cheers from canada :3
i hope the movie is better than the t-shirt.  cheesy quality........kinda disappointed, but not surprised.
got my shirts and stickers today in australia yay. my middle daughter and my shirts came by dhl (to my old address - i have been stalking the letter box there - it is vacant) - but my other daughters shirt came via australia post - to my new address. my girls haven't tried theirs on yet (they will when they get home from school today) - but mine fits but is a bit snug. the material is very soft. makes it all real now - just can't wait for the movie. i hope it gets shown in cinemas in australia as we would like to watch it on the big screen.
any news on the posters? i have a movie poster frame that's waiting for it. other news? new trailers?
i also got my t-shirt today but in the wrong design, so i'm happy and a bit sad at the same time. i really love the stickers though. glad to read you're already working on solving the problem!
i was absolutely thrilled when my t-shirt got here, and while it feels and looks amazing, it is seriously the tiniest xl i've ever seen. i checked all the measurements before i decided on my size just so something like this wouldn't happen. and i've got to say, when i held this t-shirt up for friends and asked them to guess what size it was, all guesses were size small. i am so, so disappointed.
got my shirt here in germany....very nice thanks but its way too small and its the wrong design !!
#stefanie i wholeheartedly agree with you on the quality. now if they would focus on fixing this switcheroo shenanigans......
from australia - i got my t-shirt and stickers - all great. very excited to wear it!
received my two t-shirts. both are too tight and yes i used the measurements. i even ordered two different sized t-shirts; the size that should fit me and the next size up. waiting this long to have them not fit is disappointing. the sizing is definitely off. :(
received my shirt on friday (in canada). fits perfectly, though i'm sure some of the other complaints about sizing are legitimate. however the complaints about the quality are bogus. the shirt is incredibly soft and made from lovely material (as advertised). it's thin, but not too thin as some are espousing. they are also definitely not see through either so that complaint is just flat out wrong. this campaign actually put in the effort to have quality shirts produced. the quality of "free" shirts is generally terrible and these are far better than the usual. great job. just want to spread some love in the middle of all the whining here.
received my t-shirt yesterday.  thanks
or, y'know, people just want the shirts they paid for to fit.
well, i'm very happy with both of my t shirts. the size is what i was expected, well-fitted and i like the fabric. i think some people are really hard to please, we need to remind ourselves that the t shirts were a bonus. all we want is a movie so thank you rob!
i'm disappointed with the material and size. i went one size bigger (m) because i know t-shirts like to shrink a little once they're washed but this one looks and fits like an xs to me. the material is so thin and flimsy to the point where it's see-through. i get that the t-shirts are not the main point of this kickstarter but you guys did post this on the main kickstarter page: "both t-shirt designs are black, and printed on unbelievably soft, beautiful materials. these are not never-to-be-worn t-shirts, we guarantee. these are the real deal."
i received the wrong t-shirt .. i don't like this one. i'm still super glad for the movie but i'm a bit disappointed.
i got the wrong design shirt and it's slightly on the small side but it's all about the movie anyway, the shirt is just a bonus. it will make a great pajama shirt!
i'm joining the club on the t-shirt front...i was so excited to get the delivery of stickers and t-shirt only to find that the t-shirt (supposed to be a women's medium) is tiny!!  i was so disappointed - there's no way i can wear it :(.  likely a lost cause but i have to ask if there's any way to switch sizes??...or even like others have asked to buy a size that will actually fit??
got my shirt through dhl the other day, no problems on that front. the designs look great, and the size seems all right to me. however, i've got to echo other comments made about the quality of the fabric. it's one of the most flimsy and fragile t-shirts i've ever owned, even the $5 shirts from h&m are more sturdy than this. i can't see how they'll last more than a handful of washes before they're completely threadbare. i have no problem understanding that you'd want to put as much money towards production of the film as possible, but offering rewards through kickstarter says to me that you're basically selling a product, not taking donations. delivering a sub-standard product like these shirts becomes problematic in light of that. again, i'm sure you wanted to save as much as possible on the merchandise to be able to put towards the movie, but it's sad that i can't wear this shirt as much as i would like to if i want it to stay in one piece.
my dhl package arrive today!  right shirt, right size!  the material is thin but hey, we donated to see the movie made, right?
i got my t-shirts!!! so excited!!!  i ordered the m in both designs...unfortunately it's very small. i still love them, but is there any way to buy 2 more in a bigger size?
another disappointed fan, pretty much agree with what everyone else is saying. i even compared the stated measurements with some of my existing t-shirts and determined that a small would be perfect for me, and maybe even a little big. on second thought, i ended up buying an extra medium shirt, just in case. based on the measurements, it would have been great for sleeping in or going to the gym. but alas, both shirts are way way smaller than expected. plus the 2nd one cost me an extra $24 in customs as i am in canada. i can kind of give a pass for the first one, as it was a kickstarter reward, but in regards to the second one, i feel like i paid almost $60 just for a tshirt that i will never wear. (i'm even afraid to try putting it in the washing machine...)
received my 2 t-shirts. i ordered male large got what seems like child large? not even a women's large.  super thin and cheaply made. but whatever. looking forward to the movie. hope that doesn't disappoint.
just received my t-shirts and stickers. was really excited and looking forward to them but it seems the women's shirts were sized for children? they are also paper thin which again, is disappointing..
i was so excited to get my t-shirt and stickers! i'm just a little disappointed that the tee it is too small. i ordered a women's s and even measured myself and a couple of my own tees to make sure i was ordering the correct size. i'm really hope something can be done because i really want to wear it out and not under a sweater....
underwhelmed with the shirt. poor print quality and thin fabric, made even worse by an incorrect size (that appears even smaller than indicated size) and the wrong fit. on the plus side, the third party did manage to get my design choice right.
i received my t-shirts & stickers today (new zealand). i love my t-shirts and i'm just so happy i could be a part of this, can't wait for the movie to be released. :)
i received my first shirt today in the uk, fits wonderfully (i got the men's fit), right design as far as i can tell, since i ordered both through two accounts love it
got my shirt and stickers today, unfortunately i too got the wrong design. i won't open it until i hear from ivan and the crew though, seems like they are working on it.
i have only just seen the email from dhl notifying me of my shipment and the address is wrong, it definitely should not say london or have a london postal code. i know i wouldn't have written it as such as i'm not even on the mainland. how do i get this fixed?
got my shirt and stickers today. i got the correct design even though i'm in europe (california noir) and the size is also right for a men's l. mine was send out after sunday, so i guess they a least got to fix some of the european mix-ups. i'm a very happy marshmallow now, hope the poster gets here safely as well ;-)
i got my shirt during the week and i, too, got the wrong design. which is already disappointing in itself, but even worse considering i really loved one design (the one i picked) and really disliked the other. meh. but i'm glad i'm not alone in this?
got my shirt today! and, not that i'm ingrateful, but i'd like you to know that i got the wrong one. i wanted "mini blinds" and the package was even labeled as such, but i got the "california noir" one. correct size, though. psyched for the movie to come out!
got the shirts and stickers here in germany today. the shirts fit perfectly. i´m so happy and can´t wait for the movie!
received both my shirts and stickers today. i'm glad i didn't pick the women's fit but instead went with men's fit because my shirts fit perfectly. the shirts are so soft, maybe a bit thin but definitely not see through
oh and the size is way to small to! i looks like it was made for a child....
i recieved my t-shirt today, but i got the wrong design :( so a little dissepointed...but i'm happy with the stickers....
honk honk!
received my shirts and stickers this morning (belgium). i'm happy with it. mini-blinds shirt is much better looking in real than on photo, so no complains here. the pirates vm sticker will be sticking on my carbumper from tomorrow, honk if you're a backer to :)
to those saying they will sell their shirts, why? i realize the point is to be able to wear them, but even if you can't, they're still an awesome keepsake to hold onto. a very limited amount were printed, making them rare and exclusive to those that own them. a cool piece of vm history, regardless.
just got my shirts.... a bit see-through, it's definitely a summer shirt...  size is pretty small, but i always order bigger, so thankfully it still fits...
i received my t-shirt on 13th nov and i'm very disappointed to say, the size is way too small.  i measured myself before i ordered and was expecting a fitted shirt, but this is rediculous.  the size of the shirt looks to be at least 2 sizes smaller than what it should be, and the quality of the material is rubbish.  i'm hoping there is a resolution because i won't be able to wear my t-shirt and will have to sell it. very disappointed.
i'm really disappointed at the quality of the shirts - mine is see through and feels paper thin. also, the s should have been labelled as xxs - looks like it will have to be put on a stuffed animal instead of worn. so disappointing.
i got my shirts in the mail. being a bit taller in height and larger in the chest than others, i looked at the sizing hart and ordered a size up (large), only to find they are still too small :( hopefully there will be a way to get a different size? *crosses fingers*
i still don't have my shirt ? i'm in the uk!!!! :(
i got my shirt finally, and knowing the issues i have with women's sizing (as a taller girl and in general from 4 years of retail), i ordered a men's xl. the fit is exactly how i thought it would be and it's perfect. there was no extra fee for my  package.
@jason, typically when it comes to customs fees there is a set amount for when customs gets charged. so say that amount is $20, anything under $20 isn't charged but if you get a package that is $40, instead of just being charged for the extra $20 value, it's charged for the entire $40. some countries have spottier customs, too, where it's really the luck of the draw whether you get hit or not.
love the tshirts, so disappointed about the size though. i went for a medium and i ended up with a tshirt that looks like it would fit a 12 year old girl not a grown woman, which means i can't wear it in public. i hope there is some way to exchange for a different size otherwise i may sell them on :(
hey! sorry to hear about all the shirt issues, you guys. the original email asked for backers to hold off with inquiries regarding the shirts until november 13th.  now that the date has passed, i'm sure we will be getting an email in the next couple of days addressing backers' concerns and issues.   :)
dhl is saying they have only part of my address according to the weblink. it seems to have only my country and county listed (but the form was filled out in full through here). it then goes on about how someone should contact them... but i have no way to contact them and they have no way to know i am the owner of the package???
i hate to complain, because i'm so excited that this movie is even happening to begin with. i received my shirt in the mail today (14th nov in adelaide, australia). i have been waiting and waiting with anticipation for it to finally arrive, when it came i tore open the packaging not wanting to wait one second longer so i could wear it. unfortunately upon opening the tshirt to see its real size i was disappointed - i ordered the medium after doing all my measurements etc. and while the design (california noir) looks great and as described on the site, the shirts are so small! i mean i usually expect that womens cuts will be a lot more fitted but this was a bit ridiculous - it is quite short (i am tall and have a long torso so this can sometimes be a problem but still) and i have...well lets just say... a sizeable bust and it is a squeeze to fit the tshirt over my head let alone the two girls. not to mention the quality of the material is definitely not the greatest - considering how much money i put towards the making of this movie i would have thought it would have covered the use of a decent quality of material (read: one that isn't practically see through) and even if it wasn't i would have gladly paid a bit extra to get better quality. i really hope there's some kind of exchange program set up for this or something. is there any way this can be fixed? or am i stuck with a tshirt i can never wear in public? i really hope not - i love veronica mars and want to proudly flaunt my tshirt!
same here, almar, they said they changed my order to mini-blinds about 2 days after i asked them, still got california noir.
just got my dhl package. ordered the california noir t-shirt and that is what the envelope says but it was the mini blinds inside
sweden here. just received my dhl package. tshirt and stickers.
i received my package in belgium via dhl without any problem and got the design and size i wanted. so the problem of design switch isn't for every backer in europe.
looks like the t-shirt switch is a big problem, mini-blinds on the envelope, noir inside.
so.. i haven't gotten any emails about the shirts or received them here in oh. messaged rob but haven't got a reply yet. is usps being used to send the shirts locally?
i never got any notification that my shirt had shipped at all and i had no clue we were supposed to receive one. :o i'm glad now it showed up regardless.
i got an email on nov. 4 that my shirt shipped and i still have not gotten it here in california. the email i got did not contain any link to track the package. when i search the order number in usps tracking it says "not found." i haven't been sent any new information since the shipping email. i would really appreciate if anyone has a suggestion how i might find out what is going on.
@marilla- nothing about refused receipts for me. everything looked normal, as it was stuck in another city for the long weekend here, and was on track to be in my city today. the dhl tracking info said it arrived in my city, then four hours later it said it was being processed back in la (which was one of the first 'steps' it went through).
so according to the usps website my tshirt was delivered on nov 4 but it didn't appear until today, nov 13. i verified that the tracking # is the same. glad i waited a week before freaking out.
@molly @christina - did you both get errors messages about refused receipt and packages awaiting payment somewhere or was that just me?
anybody know who i can contact about shipping problems? i got an email saying the package was being sent a few days ago. earlier today i checked using the tracking number and it said it was in the country but that somebody at the entry point in são paulo had refused receipt, and then just now i checked again while looking for contact info and the package got turned around and is back in los angeles!! what do i do now? who do i talk to?
@christina greengrass, that's good to hear that you got them, i wonder why it suddenly said la again tho? so far nothing i haven't received them yet and its 7pm here in sk. hopefully they arrive tomorrow!
@molly smith - my tracking info said the same, in bc this morning at 7:35am - then a status about it being processed in la a few hours later...  but the shirts still arrived at 4:12pm today! =)
*squee* the shirts arrived, and no extra fees. =)
it seems odd to me that someone ordering one shirt wouldn't be required to pay any fees, but someone who ordered two is required to pay fees (based on the comments below). wouldn't they have to pay half the fee? we ordered two shirts (to canada) and were charged $26.20 in fees (rougly $5 for duty, tax, and collection fee each, and another $11.50 in processing). i get the duty and the taxes, but the collection and processing fees seem high given that we already paid an extra $10 per shirt for shipping. are we going to be charged similar fees for our dvd? i wonder if it is possible to ship them with a cheaper courrier? that said, we are perfectly happy with the shirts themselves, and they matched our requested sizes exactly. so that's great, but the extra fees somewhat dampen the excitement.
i received my tracking information on friday, and this morning around 6am it told me it was finally in my province. cut to four hours later, and it tells me it's back in la being processed? anyone else having this problem?
i meant 'dhl' of course. *curses the continuing absence of an edit comment capability on ks* ### member of the pinkerton road cavalry ### ### dreamfall traveller ###
just got my shirt here in vancouver canada and couldn't be more pleased, it fits great! my stickers were in perfect condition as well can't wait for this movie<3
belgium calling: when i checked the tracking info yesterday evening i noticed the djm courier had been at my door but nobody was home at that time. picked it up at the office indicated on the paper left behind earlier today. no extra fee of any kind required. stickers are included in the plastic surrounding the t-shirts. ### member of the pinkerton road cavalry ### ### dreamfall traveller ###
@lee, update #38 (:
i should add that it (the tracking info) does show my correct address.. so i don't know what the deal is. i hope the package makes it here.
i live in victoria, bc and i've gotten my dhl tracking info. it is so confusing though.  it looks like it made it to bc, and was with delivery courier at 7:35am today ... but then the next entries say that it processed (10:10am) and then departed(10:12am) facility in los angeles gateway - usa today? does that mean i don't get my t-shirts? *sad face*
yeah, i live in the uk. where was this stated that the t-shirts would be different for the eu?
hi i live here in alberta canada, and just got my 2 t-shirts delivered and got stuck with a 22 dollar collect fee on top of what i already had to pay to get both shirts. i got the right ones but very shotty material. not happy about the extra charges i had to pay. i payed 35 dollars extra to get the second t- shirt and on top of that i had to pay that 22 dollars collect fee not happy at all
lee, do you live in the eu? because both of the t-shirts for the eu are slightly different (for copyright issues, i think), so they miss the veronica mars logo.
i ordered the california noir, and got the mini blinds t-shirt. however, i've been looking at a friends "california noir" t-shirt, and the image on it is not the same as shown on here. the "veronica mars" text is missing, and the circular image is a smaller cropped version, clearly not the same size.
i've been tracking my dhl shipment for my t-shirt (shipped to canada) and it says it delivered on monday nov 11 @ 7:21 pm but it did not arrive (and i was at home). because is was shipped no signature required, how can i prove it was not received?
same here in belgium... i received it today but i ordered california noir and got mini blinds.
@cristian huffman, totally agree on the crappy quality. really disappointing.
i have to add a comment about how crappy the shirts are. a strong breeze will tear it to shreds. no way will i wear these. it is a horrible way for the most funded kickstarter to cheap out. people payed extra money to promote your movie for you and you decide to give them the lowest quality shirt i have ever personally seen. undershirts in a dollar store are of infinitely better quality. i don't want the wrong size issue to drown out the fact that whoever ordered and made these shirts should be ashamed of themselves.
my tshirt arrived today to the uk, just the wrong design. i ordered mini blinds but got noir. hopefully we'll get news soon of how to sort this. can't wait to see the movie ^~^
dhl tried to deliver my shirt yesterday, but because their delivery times only really work for companies, i had to go pick it up today from their office which is little further away. i got the t-shirt i ordered (mini blinds), and the size seems comparable to other t-shirts i own, although i picked the men's version since i prefer those. the fabric is a little thin but i think still wearable.
my t-shirts arrived today to my home in spain... thanks a lot.
my shirts arrived today, as you all say they are thin but the size was for me ok (xxl). the main reason i backed the project was the movie, the shirts was just icing on the cake so i'm happy. now if they just could finish editing the movie so i can see it.
i hate to complain, because i'm so excited that this movie is even happening to begin with. i received my shirts today. i was so excited to get them, but i can't say i wasn't disappointed with what i received. i was careful to measure myself and order a size up just in case. i ordered a women's xl and, while the designs look great, the shirts are so small. the california noir fits tight, and the mini blinds, even though the tag says xl, is at least 2 inches shorter than the california noir. and for a girl who's taller, that makes a difference. no way are these shirts the same size. there seems to be some discrepancies with the sizes, and it makes me question the sizing on both my shirts. i only hope there's some kind of exchange program set up or something. please, is there anyway to fix this? it's so disappointing.
i got my shirt yesterday (germany/frankfurt). the size is fine for male m, maybe even a little bit to big. but it is not the correct design, it says california noir on the label/invoice and inside is a mini-blinds. the quality looks less than expected. it's very flimsy and you can see right through. hope you guys will have a solution for us.
just received the shirt this morning, looks great. can't wait for the movie now!
anyone from australia still not received their shirts. they sent my package to the wrong address. i have forwarding..but don't know why it was sent there in the first place. hope the post office doesn't lose it!
i got my shirt in edmonton, ab, canada today. correct design (mini-blinds), but a size small. i don't vividly remember my survey, but i don't think there's any way i ordered small. nothing i own is size small. i would have gone for at least medium. but it's an awesome design!
has anyone in the us not received their shirts yet?
i have to join the "not impressed" group on the t-shirts. i did get the size and design i ordered, but the quality.... i don't think i have ever gotten a flimsier t-shirt before. and yes, i know the t-shirt is not the point, but a lot of people did pop quite a bit of extra money just because of the shirts, to show their support of the movie. these don't exactly sing "proud supporter!". i hope the quality of the movie doesn't match the promos.
can’t say i’m impressed. certainly much thinner fabric than what i would have expected. also, the size seems to be off.  i ordered an s (as usual), and attempted to measure an existing t shirt when ordering to be sure, but certainly isn’t that size – correct design though.
maybe nurot or fridha would want to change their t-shirt with med? i live in seden to and i got the noir when i ordered mini-blinds. not sure if it the size i ordered, since i haven´t opened it, waiting for news about exchange-possibilitys from the vm-team.
i also got the wrong t-shirt. i ordered noir, but got mini-blinds. i live in sweden. i hope this can be fixed. it says in the faq that they printed the exact number of t-shirts needed..
are there any european backers out there who actually got the shirt they ordered? sure doesn't seem like it so far...
i love the shirt (got the right design, at least) and stickers but unfortunately, like many of the people commented here, the women's tee sizing is wrong. i'm usually a s size, but the t-shirt is more like an xxs. this is very disappointing :( at least if it was too big i could wear it but i can't! this is frustrating.
soo..i was just about to leave a comment about getting the wrong t-shirt...but i guess i'm not the only one.  the commercial invoice lists the right one mini-blinds but i got the california noir. o.o the t-shirts must have been mixed up somehow.
glad to see i'm not the only one with the wrong shirt.
ah looks like the "wrong t-shirt" is an epidemic. i chose california noir but received mini-blinds instead. hopefully this can be rectified somehow.
greetings from germany. i also got my shirt today. the commercial invoice lists the correct shirt, but inside the package was unfortunately the wrong shirt in correct size.
i'm from france and just received my shirt and stickers today by dhl express. but wrong t-shirt : it's the 'mini-blinds' instead of the 'california noir' (despite the shipment label and commercial invoice saying it's the other design). disappointed. at least, correct size ordered (s because i'm petite) and good quality for a china product.
unfortunately, i have to agree with you, mwoody. :-( i got my package about an hour ago, and i can't say i'm happy with the fabric. no wonder so many people had issues with holes in their shirts! at least i didn't get the wrong design... (which would have been really hard to do considering i ordered both versions *g*)
i just got a tshirt today but not the one i wanted. :(
@roeland, i am from belgium to. did your shirt came with the normal post? my shirt didn't arrive yet.
hi ! i just got the wrong tshirt here in france.  very disappointed and not going to wear it !!! :-(
i understand the shirts aren't the focus of the project, but boy, this is about the poorest quality shirt i've ever seen.  it's so thin i won't wear it without something under it, and i'm a man; a woman wearing it would get arrested.  the thing is transparent.
heya, i am from belgium and also got the wrong shirt while the shipping letter mentioned the right one. i am guessing the reshipper somehow got them mixed up. too bad but both designs were ok. i did send a mail to the info inbox though, maybe it is not too late to correct the mistake for some of the remaining people :)
i also got the wrong shirt, quit disappointed because i had been very vocal about how much i preferred mini blinds, then got california noir (a beautiful design as well, just not my thing). oh well, at least we're getting the movie :d
i'm also from australia, my shirt is awesome! i ordered a medium, which was a little big but i'm used to the medium size being a bit big for me from having bought other shirts off us sites like hot topic. can't wait for the movie now!
just received my t yesterday - a w e s o m e !!
love the shirt!!!
got my shirt today! fits just as i expected it to. love it! can't wait to see the movie :)
@joanne - i completely agree with you. as long as the movie gets made and i get to see it, i'm happy! the shirt is just a bonus.
im in australia and received my shirt yesterday. i got the correct design and the t-shirt fits perfectly. i ordered a large and it fits like a large. a nice bonus for backing this awesome movie!
also australia here.. had a mix up in my email but no fault of theirs. my t shirt & stickers may be a while away but to be honest i backed the movie to have the movie done!!! not so much for the rewards. if my t - shirt comes & is the wrong one, the quality isn't what i thought or if i don't get them at all?? then i really don't care.. am only to happy to just have the movie made :)
i'm in australia and just received my shirt and stickers! i usually buy shirts that are a size larger than what i actually am because i like a looser fit so my shirt is great and i've even got extra room there. my stickers are fine too. i'm a happy backer! :) thanks!
i saw the comment it got sorted, but just in case want to point out i'm from the netherlands and i too got the wrong design even though the invoice describes the correct one. i didn't have to pay anything extra though, so i feel lucky regardless.
@laura catalano well the size of mine is a m, but anyway you're right, we'll wait until wednesday and then we'll see what to do :)
i'm in england. just saw the comments and thought i'd better open the package i received this morning and yes...i also got the wrong design, ordered 'mini blinds' but received the 'california noir'. the stickers look nice though!
@eleonora i live in bologna. the size of my t-shirt is a l. but i think it is better to wait for instructions on what to do by ivan. then, in case, we organize among ourselves.  i don't know how to add you among my friends here on kickstarter, so annotated my name. you also find me on twitter as @katilc ! ;)
i'm from italy and i got my t-shirt today. unfortunately it was the wrong one. i ordered california noir and received mini blinds. @laura catalano: where are you from exactly? we could exchange our t-shirt!
same here in italy, sadly!  i got my t-shirt today. i waited all day to open the package, and...wrong t-shirt! i ordered 'mini blinds' but i received the 'california noir' one. i did not even open it with the hope that they can change it, perhaps without additional costs for me!!!  we waiting news about what to do, ivan!! thanks!!
recived the shirt today in denmark - quality on the shirts seems absolutely fine, got the wrong design tho as everybody else.
i also had to pay an extra $25 to dhl in canada. looks like this is only a problem when you've ordered two shirts...
yeah, the quality on the shirt seems to be quite poor sadly.
i got my shirt today, and all is well. it's a little snug, but definitely still wearable. i'm in canada, and didn't have to pay any extra fees.
does anyone know how to change the address the vm products will go to? i can't seem to find a way to change my address and i moved. if my stuff gets sent to the other address again, i won't ever get them. =( the people at my previous address lost my shirt and i don't want it to happen again.
the shirt itself fits, but it is the wrong one. i ordered 'mini blinds' which is even stated on the invoice form, but i received the 'california noir' one, any chance to exchange it?
you (the team) seem to be well-aware about the t-shirts being mixed up in europe, but just thought i'd also mention that i too got the wrong design (ordered california noir, like the package lists, but got mini blinds). i'm in sweden.
i got my t-shirt today. i got the wrong design too (i live in austria), but that's not the main problem. the quality, sadly, is quite horrible. i don't think i'm ever gonna wear it. too bad :( i hope that the money they saved by buying cheap t-shirts, will make the movie better.
heads up for canadians.  i just got my shirts today and got smacked with 25 dollars in duty and fees which is about a 100% mark up.  $9.10 in duty and taxes, a 10 dollar processing fee and a 4 dollar 'collect on delivery fee'.    my friend who only got the one shirt didn't have any extra fees.  glad to have the shirts.  not so happy about dhl's extortion. :(
i received the wrong shirt today as well. germany as well. mini blinds instead of california noir. the packaging says that the right shirt should have been in it but unfortunately it is not. can we have an update on what we should do with wrong deliveries.
i received the wrong shirt today as well. germany. california noir instead of mini blinds. right size though, but to be honest, cheap product. the shoulder seam is already loosening. i think you picked the wrong company. :/ but the stickers are cool, thank you! :)
my wife and i (separate backers, sweden) also received the wrong designs. did anybody get what they wanted, or have they been switched overall?
didn't receive my shirts yet (belgium), but it's a holiday today, so maybe tomorrow.
*scans comments* *sees that the issue with the "wrong" (well... not the one we chose - bust still gorgeous) t-shirt will be resolved* *is happy again* *pats "wrong" tees and tells them they're stunning anyway*
i got california noir instead of mini blinds today. (germany)
i also got the wrong design. shirt arrived today with dhl express (germany). sadly instead of california noir i received the mini blinds design :-(.
i'm from spain, received today my t-shirt - right, size, wrong design (mini-blinds instead of california noir) :(
high, my delivered eu t-shirt is either not mini blinds. maybe it's the wrong size too (l than xl). let's wait what they will find out/do ... greetings ;-)
i'm loving both my veronica mars tees. so excited when they came in the mail.
@ivan good to hear that you're on it ..... thanx for the update!
just wanted to jump in and say i'm happy with my shirts!  i ordered a size up because i expected them to run a size small like most novelty shirts i have gotten from the internet and they are a perfect fit.  and quite soft!  i'll have to get some more lint rollers--i usually avoid black t-shirts as they get very quickly covered in cat hair in my house!
gang -- not sure what happened with the european shirt orders, but it sounds like many of you received the wrong shirt designs. give us a few more days to get all of the shirts delivered, and then we'll figure it out -- but don't worry, we'll make sure you get the shirt you selected! - ivan
i also got the wrong t-shirt design, despite the package saying "mini blinds"...
the tee seems a tad small and of thin fabric, but my first impression overall is - not negative. i understand the design choice; wrap-arounds are usually more complicated/expensive, and the fade out effect at least works for me. i also quite like the mars investigations in red at the back. i could've done without the branding ("she's back", "official kickstarter backer"). it's not high value, i do worry about the print to rub off after a short while, but, yeah. i planned to use it sparingly, if at all, anyway. what does concern me is: ... why did i receive the package? the poster is not in it, which would need to be shipped as well, making this quite a wasteful delivery. i'd rather have waited for it to arrive together? seems like there's quite a few screw-ups going on in fulfilment.
same problem here. got my t-shirt today but it's the mini-blinds instead of the california noir. is there anyone in freiburg, germany who wants to exchange a california noir men's m for a mini-blinds mens' m?
i received the wrong design as well, california noir instead of mini blinds. i'm also having some problems with the size, even though i used the sizing chart. according to the measurements on there i should have a shirt which is about a size bigger than i need (because i was afraid washing it would make it shrink), but it actually seems to be a size smaller than i need instead, so it doesn't fit. sorry, hate to add to the list of complaints :(
you're right, it does seem to be a european problem. i'm in england. mine is a men's size 'm' and and i received the 'california noir' instead of the 'mini blinds' - however, i'm really not sure i want to pay for postage to enable swapping - especially as the quality of the t-shirts are so poor. think i'll just have to write it off. very disappointing.
seems to me like a general problem in europe. i live in germany and got my shirt delivery today. but instead of the ordered "california noir" i got the "miniblinds" :-( has anyone heard of rob or the team yet about that problem and how to deal with it? maybe we should swap them among us .... i have a (still wrapped) men size m.
same problem as others - t-shirt just arrived and it's the wrong design. despite the packing slip saying it's the mini-blinds design (which is what i wanted), it's the 'california noir' design which i'm not a fan of at all. unbelievably thin material. looks like it won't last long as all. very poor quality.
same problem, i wanted the "mini blinds" design but got the "california noir" i also like to have a looser fit t-shirt so i ordered a size up and it's still quite tight. i probably should have ordered an xl to get the fit i wanted... but i guess the stickers are cool!
same here, the t-shirt fits but it's the wrong design. it's a shame because i really liked the mini blinds desing and the other one not so much :(
i'm in germany and just got my t-shirt but , same her wrong design! i mean i'm glad it got here so fast but i paid for it and i'm really disapointed since i don't like this design :(
i just got my t-shirt and stickers, im in denmark. recived a text msg on friday that my package would be delivered the next week day. so no problem there. but the shirt.. damn... i ordered an xl, but its waaay to small. considering i have to wear something under it, cuz the fabric is really thin, i cant really wear it :( im dissapointed... normally im a large, and i ordered a xl to be sure it would fit. my guess, it looks like a medium size. i dont know if i got the right design i ordered - anyone know where i can check if i got what i ordered?
wohooo, shirt and stickers arrived today, so awesome, thanks
got my shirt today (weimar, germany), sadly i got the wrong design aswell, i wanted the blinds but got the yello one. also, m is very big, must be the us measurements, in german sizes i sometimes even go with l and here i think s would have fit perfectly.
btw, i'm in the netherlands for those who are looking to trade.
got my t-shirt just now. unfortunately i got the wrong design as well, ordered california noir and got the mini blinds. it's a size m, but it's too small for me.
my t-shirt and stickers arrived today, perfect fit and pristine condition :o) a perfect way to bright up a ice cold and gray morning in norway :o)
got it too, sweden. really nice. thanks:)
like susann and maren my t-shirt arrived today too (sweden) but sadly it's the wrong design! :( i picked the "mini-blends" design but got the california noir one and the package even says "mini-blends". kinda disappointed right now since i wasn't a big fan of the noir design and really loved the other one. is it possible to exchange it for the one i actually picked? i'm gonna leave the shirt in the plastic until we get clarifications.
like susan, i got my t-shirt today and was quite excited about it. i didn't expect it so soon, since i live in germany. unfortunately, i got the wrong design, too. i ordered the "mini-blends"-design and it even says that on the envelope, but i've got the california noir design instead. that was a bit of a let down. the parcel was delivered by dhl. i haven't opened the protective sheet around the t-shirt yet, so maybe it's possible to exchange it?  or maybe someone else got the wrong the design and is willing to swap? it's size m, female style.
no problems with customs at all agnetha, got delivered like any other (national) package would.
got my t-shirt today. looks great but i ordered size l and got an s. is there any way i can get the size i ordered?
thanks for the info susann :) there were no problems in regards to customs? that's good to know, wasn't sure how they're going to handle it for international backers.
i got my shirt today as well. s fits just fine, i usually wear an m, but made sure to measure and use the sizing scale since i didn't know if there were differences in american and german sizing. but i got the wrong design. it even says mini-blinds on the invoice, but when i opened it, it was the california noir. i'm kinda disappointet about that. @agnetha: it got delivered by dhl, even as a dhlexpress.
@ juliane w.: can you tell me which company delivered your package? i'm from germany as well and still waiting for my shirts to arrive.
so happy! i got my package today, totally unexpected as i'm from germany and thought it would take much, much longer, and now i'm in some kind of giddy ecstatic state and can't be helped .. :-d thank you! got an xs and it fits really nicely - only problem i got now is that i want to wear no other shirt, so there'll be a lot of handwashing involved ^_^
@kimberly - i actually saw a news report a few months back talking about how lots of people are getting tricked about what size they currently really wear because a few clothing companies slowly sized everything up over the past 10-15 years since they found it helped sales (and also a much baggier, looser style was in than in say the 80s when it came to the guy's clothes) and when they had people in the report try all the brands still using true sizing (which the ones in the report had slowly stopped buying over the years) or some older clothes from the same company, they were shocked, they had become totally used to the new sizing standards currently used by a number of clothing manufacturers. that said maybe some batches did come out too small for some reason or other (wait what?!!?! we have to produce 77,000?! not 7,000?! grab everything off the shelf and use it!) as i don't know how the above would explain differences as dramatic as some 5'-10" or more guys here fitting into the large shirts fine and then some here claiming they don't think the large shirts look like they could fit a grade schooler, unless maybe something peculiar is in the water in their town. there are tons of comments here about it. then again, what with like say maybe 77,000 orders it's only like maybe 1 in 700 with a sizing issue? who knows, as many never post. all i can say is the large that i got is the same size as quite a few other large t-shirts i have (although not as large as my really giant ones, which are getting to be borderline baggy, and i suspect are actually a little over-sized). i guess the sizing chart might have been confusing too, as at least for the men's it implied they'd run on the very large side and to the new standards if not more (but it's also possible that i have no clue how clothes are supposed to be measured). of course it's easy to question thing when your shirt is fine and it probably seems a lot different if you are sitting there staring, eyes wide open, at a shirt 4 inches across. it is a shame for those who have one that doesn't fit, regardless of the reason. if some batches came out weirdly, maybe something can be done??
so excited, got my shirts in the mail.  love the design and quality seems fine, but the fit is very, very slim.. def running size too small.  oh well, was going to lose some weight anyways.  better get a move on so can bump it :)
i got my veronica mars tee-shirts in the mail yesterday! unexpected! i also got the stickers! yay! i had ordered two of them:  california noir and blinds. at first, i was very happy to have received them until i opened the bags and got a chance to look at them up close. at the time, i was wearing a shirt that was mens large which fit me comfortably with plenty of room to spare. so, i knew that my eyesight wasn't bad. upon looking at the vm shirts that i ordered, i could clearly see that the tags on them listed the shirts as being "large". however ... i could plainly see that the definition of "large" utilized by the vm shirt manufacturer was distinctly different (ie: it's smaller) from that used by the company that made the shirt i was wearing. the shirts that i got do not match up with my other large tees and i don't necessarily feel all together comfortable with testing them out but, i guess i'll have to at some point since i bought 'em!
i, for one, know how to measure myself correctly. it's not that i'm just used to ~vanity sizing~ -- the sizes are just very off and inconsistent, as others have written repeatedly.
got my package yesterday! (now i can stop being paranoid that it ended up elsewhere, heh.) i was a little concerned about the sizing issue after reading through so many comments, but i am super happy with my shirts! one of them fits me perfectly, and the other is a little snug, but definitely still wearable. i will be rocking them as much as possible to promote this movie. =d also, the stickers arrived unscathed; no crumpling in either set. all in all, i'm a happy backer. :)
@lydia h. sorry bout the delay been super busy but if that doesn't work lydia i could mail it to you personally if nothing else.
a little surprised about the sizing, actually i ordered a l hoping it would fit me by the time it came i have probably gained weight since and was sure i was an xl. guess not!
finally got my t shirt.  if fit me perfectly though i was a bit disappointed about the quality.
i got my shirt today... and was so excited to see it! however, i'm a bit disappointed. every shirt i own is a large,  but the large i ordered is definitely too small. in addition, the fabric is also very very thin, i can see through the shirt and clearly see the logo from the back of it!
haven't gotten my shirt... were they sent usps?
in regards to sizing: i measured another "ladies" style shirt that i had bought, not myself, and took those measurements to the size shirt. i ordered an xl according to the size chart that was sent. the shirt i measured was a l, i believe. measurements work better, and i am glad that i measured another shirt, and not myself. the shirts fit really well for me, and they fit the same way that the other shirt i measured fits.
yay! i just got my shirts and stickers! the shirts are really soft. i ordered an xs in both and the fit is perfect!
i got my shirts today. i ordered one xl for myself because i like my shirts a little baggy and i got a m for my sister. the m is waaaaay too small for her, and the xl is snug on me. so she gets my xl, which fits her how most mediums would- and i guess i don't get a shirt. kind of bummed.
just got my shirt and it looks like the normal large size i am used to. i don't know what people are saying about them. the fabric seems a bit like there isn't much there but overall looks nice
woo hoo, i am soooo excited i just got my 2 t-shirts & stickers and my son got his as well. it was quite the surprise because we didn't get shipping emails. i  absolutely love them!!! i can wear mine fine. it is the snug fitting style but no complaints here. if anything it'll motivate me to lose some weight :) now bring on the movie :) can't wait!!
also, i am fine with he quality of the shirt (it's super soft and will be great for working out in, which is the only time i wear tshirts like this) and the sizing is standard.  fits me exactly as i thought it would.  perhaps some people have gotten used to vanity sizing and didn't measure to know what their actual size is?
i love my shirt!   wearing it right now!  love my stickers!  yayyyyy!  can't wait to see the movie!!!!!
i was told my address was updated on october 20th and just received an email that my remaining rewards have been shipped to my old address - not impressed that i won't be receiving any rewards. i was so excited to support this movie and now i just feel like i was duped.
my shirts are amazing! i was expecting to be disappointed, as i have read the majority of the comments and complaints below; however, the shirts i ordered fit perfectly. they are made of a nice, soft material that i just love. i am really impressed and excited for the future rewards, and of course, the movie!
my shirt is great, i just have a personal aversion to polyester.... that said, looking forward to movie and return of series on netflix! ;)
@ michelle smith thank you.
agree with @nick's previous comment about the stickers, though... mine were all crumpled.
6'1" - 196 lbs - ordered a large. mine fits perfectly!!! seriously? love the shirt! soon as i opened it up, stripped down here at work (right at my desk in front of like 15 people) and put it on... love, love, love it!!!
i meant to say: i have to assume the qa on the shirts is very poor and there are large variances in the actual sizes of the shirts.
my shirt seems to be fine now after stretching it but my wife's is pretty much worthless. she ordered a small because she followed the sizing guide and all of her other shirts are smalls. i don't know a single adult female that the small would fit. i have to assume the qa on the shirts is very poor and there are large variances in the
awesome shirts! i really love them! i don't know what to say but no sizing problems here at all. i had been expecting it to not come close to fitting after reading so many of the early comments here, but it's a perfect fit and the same size as many of my other shirts that have the same label size.
got my shirts. i'm happy to say that i'm over 5'10 and the l fits me perfectly fine! cool shirts! absolutely love both designs and the one with the circle, that design really pops a lot more than i ever expected. awesome! (i also got a m just in case the sizing chart was correct, which implied they'd be sized for yetis hah. that one is getting a little tight so i think they ran to typical, maybe just a trace on the smaller side of typical and definitely not to yeti sizing standards. i'm confused by all the talk about how an xl would be lucky to fit a grade schooler. maybe a bad batch went out or maybe the men's cut ones were fine and it was only the women's that ran much smaller than normal?? i really can't find any issue with what i received.)
as an update to my previous comment i just hand washed the shirt and delicately stretched it by hand and it fits much better now. i will update again after it air-dries.
got my shirt today. way too small :(
i got my two shirts in the mail today and they fit great. thank you.
well i'm an a-hole....i got my shirt today and it fits awesome!
@tonia nelson sumner - i'm in florida and just got mine yesterday. the shipping email came on nov. 5, the shirt on nov. 7.
woohoo!!!! i got my t-shirts and stickers today! the shirts look even better in person. :)
i got shirt and stickers sometime ago. i did choose california noir shirt but i did get mini-blinds shirt...
hi everyone. i'm here in florida and still haven't gotten my shirts/stickers or received a shipping email. i'm just curious if anyone else in florida is still waiting?? thanks.
got my shirt and stickers. the stickers really should have been shipped on a rigid backing -- they were significantly crumpled.
received both my shirts today. one of each style. women's medium. looking to size up if anyone is looking to suez down.
got my shirts today and they are correct size and look great. ed
same issue as many below ordered largest size received one marked xs on tag remember check the tag
i got my shirt today, and i love it.  it's correctly sized, super soft and the image i wanted.  the stickers were a bit crumpled, but they were in with the t-shirt and then sent across country, so that's to be expected.  i love my shirt!
i also agree with sharon.  yes my shirt is to small but i don't expect them to do anything about it.  if i had paid for my shirt then i might be upset but i backed a wonderful project and got a shirt as a bonus prize.  thanks to all the team for all the hard work they have done.  can't wait to see the movie and i know a teenager who will be very happy with this shirt!
i agree with sharron.  i always find women's fit tshirts to small (i'm 5'10").  i ordered a mens xl and it is the same size as about half of my other mens xl.  the positive spin on the poly blend is it makes it a better workout wicking tshirt.
getting the movie is really the only prize i care about.  that said...yep, the shirts are really cheap.  i was planning on wearing it out, but that won't be happening.  oh well.
@sharron, i also mentioned an exchange website or facebook group awhile back. also great ideas of how you can recycle your shirt or repurpose it. :) @laurie, you can try to contact info@theveronicamarsmovie.com with your address issue.
@sharon, i also mentioned an exchange website or facebook group awhile back.  also great ideas of how you can recycle your shirt or repurpose it. :) @laurie, you can try to contact info@theveronicamarsmovie.com with your address issue.
i recently moved and i think my shirt was delivered to my old address and then returned? is there any way to be sent my shirt again to my new address?
just as an fyi-i am a female and ordered the men's medium shirt which arrived with a perfect fit. i am usually a large/xl in the women's fit but since they always fit so snug/ shorter in length- i opted for the men's medium, which again was definitely  an accurate men's medium. i am so sorry other peoples shirts are not fitting as expected and hope this doesn't taint the otherwise amazing experience of being able to back a great movie we all have been waiting so long for! perhaps one of the fan facebook pages can set up an exchange with people posting the size they want and people with that size so they can make an exchange! or maybe they can just pass it on to someone else in the spirit of love or recycle it into a blanket or jean jacket patch or some other amazingly cool concept! as previous backers have stated, i am not sure what ivan or rob can do to fix this, given the totality of the amount donated and the actual perks at each level we are still getting quite a bargain for our money! i know my shirt fits right...well i will happily send my men's medium to anyone who wants it because i will be more than happy when i get the dvd in my hands come spring 2014!!!  thank you to everyone on the vm team for working so hard to do their best in the amazingly difficult situation of having to fulfill over 90,000 plus backer's awards!
is there a way to see the survey we filled out with size information?  it was so long ago i barely remember, but i thought that kids sizes might have been an option?  is it possible that people were picking those by mistake?  i'd also like to see what size i asked for as i wait for my shirts.  the comments are making me a bit nervous so i'm hoping that i sized up as i often do for things like this.  it didn't look like i had any kind of confirmation email telling me what all i signed up for.
great perspective on the shirt issue, bruce.  :) i had a similar one: i was going to wear it either way or hand it off to my girls. :)
i don't think you should be concerned about the size.  as long as you measured yourself properly, you should be fine. the blinds shirt (fitted) is a bit tighter but it has some stretch, and the noir shirt (ordered the same size and fit) was a little big on me. i think there could have been a small sample size of those who may have had the wrong sizes sent to them.  either way, i'm sure all this will be addressed in less than week when rob or ivan send out the update.
i have not received my shirts yet either.  i am concerned about the size issue so many are having.  has anyone heard from rob or anyone else about this issue?
just got my t-shirt today and i agree with everyone its way to small, looks like they were giving us sizes for kids. the movie is gonna lose out on a lot of free publicity if none of the backers can wear their shirts
and yes i agree that we wanted to get this movie made and am so happy about that but it sucks that most of us can't wear the shirts that we've been waiting over 6 months to recieve
getting a little worried that i haven't got my shirt yet and reading all these comments about them being too small. what a bummer.
received my large size shirt today. i agree with the comments here, it is way too tiny for a large and the quality is terrible 65% polyster. :(
hmm... well i never got a shipping notification... and i've never received anything in the mail.
@bruce i agree. the real goal here is that we wanted the movie made and we are getting it.
@amanda rogers - i don't see how they can "fix" this without prohibitive cost. i'll just let my son wear it when he's a bit older. he can be the coolest middle schooler around. otherwise, it's just a write-off. disappointing, sure, but the real goal here was getting the movie made, not getting swag.
@cervantes3773 thanks so much for the response!!
hi-- i've commented before, sent messages, etc. and have gotten no response... the shirt was sent to the wrong address. as you instructed i contacted usps and they could not help me. it was delivered, said it "arrived" but the new resident hasn't seen it, nor have i. can you please help?
@ keely - yes. yes, you were. i'm not sure who to contact, though.  start with a direct message to rob thomas through kickstarter.
somebody refresh my memory.  i was at the $50 pledge level and didn't get any stickers.  was i supposed to?
i was just thinking about how all of us fans are not able to wear our t-shirts because of sizing issues and how this is such a promotional loss for the movie because we can't be seen in them by the rest of the public.  i hope this issue gets fixed.
i'm in europe and just got a shipping notification. hoping for better luck with sizing than many of the reports here...
no, the shirts are not "athletic fit." that would be fine. they're far too small .and they're just terrible quality in general.
@ kathleen  read the update 53 it explains about t-shirts.
got my "large" t-shirt todayyand now am considering giving it to my 6-year-old niece because it is tiny. so disappointed.
i got the large shirt and it looks like a child's size.
no, they're not the "athletic" size,  but thanks for the help . . .
where are my shirts? i was a $100 backer and been waiting forever!
well my t-shirt looks incredible, although sadly as commented on below....these are not adult or even teen sizes.....they are youths.....  as evidenced when i held it up against one of my 8 year old nephew's shirts......  did no one check the first batch of finished t-shirts before sending them?  its certainly not up to the measurements on the size measurements they had posted around ordering time.  i'd buy another one though  if they would fix this rather major'''tiny'''size issue.
my shirt arrived yesterday and it is super tiny! i ordered a large and it looks much more like a small. very disappointing. i assume there must have been some kind of mix-up. i hope they allow exchanges!
got my shirt and stickers today!! to all of those complaining about the shirts being the wrong size..they're not, they're just athletic fit..anyways, happy that mine fits perfectly :)
looks like all the shirts that were sent out were at least 2-4 sizes too small for north american standards. understanding that there are no exchanges on this special edition, but i don't think that's a great way to thank your fans for their support. please create an exchange policy.
my t-shirt is also a lot smaller than i expected. if there ends up being a way we can exchange it for a larger size please let me know, in the mean time i am on a diet.
got my t-shirt but it does not fit. can we return for a different size?
hmm. the shirt is tiny and 65% polyester? that's 100% wtf.
my shirt is also ridiculously small :(
got my shirt and stickers yesterday. thank you!
i got my shirt last night too and agree with the "holy tiny t-shirt" comment. i got a medium as well and wow way to small. i loved the design i ordered but sad i won't be able to wear it.
holy tiny t-shirt batman. i got my shirt last night and had ordered a medium there is no way this shirt fits anyone bigger than an extra small or with curves of any kind.
i got my shirt and it's great! my friend got the other design and i actually love his more i should have gotten both!! i'm so mad at myself! i'm hoping to be able to purchase another shirt like others backers are =)
i'm hoping like others to be able to purchase another shirt =)
just a friendly reminder for those asking about their shirts, emails, shipping dates, etc: there's still nothing to be worried about! shirts are scheduled to continue arriving for another 12 days, and most backers do not receive notification emails until 1-2 days before their shirts arrive. all of the shirts have been sent for shipping, but are still being processed in waves, which is why it will take until november 13th for all 80,000+ shirts to reach you. i know it's difficult to wait, but it won't be much longer. :) deep breaths, and thanks for your patience! thanks! -- ivan
got shirt and stickers today, but my shirt had several holes ( punctures ) through it. no holes through the packaging, just through the shirt. five ( all the way though ) total.
my shirt came a day earlier then expected.  i was so excited to wear it, but it is too small.  i think it will fit my 10 year old daughter better.  love the new trailer, though!!!
i'm sure once all the shirts have been sent out, and the next update comes out, rob will address the sizing and perhaps he or someone else will come up with some kind of solution to fix the issue. :)
seems like i'm having a similar pain as all the others: my shirt is much too small. hoping that there is a way that i could exchange it or perhaps purchase another.
my t-shirt is also really small. which is kind of a bummer.
super excite dc about the shirt but surprised the stickers came all beat up! i'm not a sticker fan but i know folks would be bummed by this
i too am appalled by how tiny these shirts are. i wear a  medium in almost anything, but this is likely to be just about the right size for my 4 year old nephew. i don't have a prayer of wearing this. so sad. :(
t-shirt came today -- woo hoo!   just got the notice two days ago -- all the way from ca to fl. opted for the  california noir (orange, black and yellow... veronica and her over-sized camera). now, if i can only decide where to put the stickers.
got my shirt today and i ordered a women's small and it's gotta be a medium in children's size. pretty bummed.
i agree with other folks regarding the sizing of the shirt- i ordered a m (for a relaxed fit), but got what feels like an xs. perhaps these are child or tween sizing? the shirt does feel great though, i wish it was sized more appropriately.
i wish the shirt is not so thin make it easier to get holes in the shirt.
65% polyester shirt?! looking forward to movie anyway! ;)
"so excited"*, obviously.  i wish they let you edit comments on kickstarter!
man, i don't know why i am feeling so antsy to get my shirt.  i don't even wear t-shirts much for anything other than sleep or exercise!  i guess anything related to veronica mars just gets me o excited. :)
got shirt, but like everyone else seems small, and it looks like a female cut shirt, not what i wanted but the stickers are nice.
i'm in the us on the east coast and just received my shipment email.
i'm in the us on the east coast and just received my shipment email.
thx. good to know i'm not the only one ;)
i'm from germany, and i haven't received anything so far. good to know that i'm not alone :-)
i haven't heard of anyone from europe/germany so far who has gotten their stuff. i'm still waiting for my package/ shipping notification (i'm from germany as well)
i haven't received a shipping notification or shirts yet... has anyone in europe/germany already got a mail or the stuff?
i received my shipping notification email on 25oct and when i checked the tracking number supposedly it was delivered to my apo box (i'm in germany) yesterday.
i haven't gotten an email about shipping, either. (i'm in the us.) and to read that the last batch went out a week ago is disheartening, especially because i paid the extra $25 for both shirts. i'll wait it out until the 13th, as suggested, but i'm starting to lose hope...
@david - nothing here nor even an email about shipping.
got my shirt and stickers today!
i feel like i waited forever for my t-shirt and i was so excited for it to come today and now i just want to cry because it is too small. it looks like a child's t-shirt not an xl. is there a way to exchange it? or to order a new on i don't mind buying a new one i just want to be able to wear my t-shirt and show my marshmallow pride!
hi has anyone else got their t shirts in the uk? i filled out my survey a while back and was just a bit concerned that everyone else is getting theirs ?
miranda i also ordered a woman's cut xl and it is also way to small.  i'm sad i will not get to wear it to watch the movie.
if anyone is looking for a cool band to support, check out the terry quiet band, a friend turned me onto them and they need just a bit more help!  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/523013588/terry-quiett-band-out-of-nowhere… :) we got our shirts last night and they are super soft, but thin (i don't mind, i am in the south)!  the sizing was ok for us, we ordered the mens sizing because we were suspicious of the ladies cut.
hey! i was super excited to get my shirt....i ordered an xl it is way to small! sucks i can not wear it. it doesn't even look like an xl......i know it is ladies cut but still.  also my stickers were all crumpled! bummer.
got my shirt, love it!
i got my wife's shirt today. she's a veronica mars fanatic. she ordered a medium and it looks like it's an extra small. she just had to cram herself into the shirt anyway and the shirt exploded. anyway i can order another one? i don't mind paying for it. she is distraught and i can't console her.
http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.co.uk/2013/10/veronica-mars-first-film-footage.html
the shirt i got seems like it will fit ok, but i'll have to wait for summer because it is so thin you can see lots of light when you look through it (holding it by the shoulders .. so that's two layers). i really expected better. you know, something that would be more of a keepsake that you could wear...
i received my shirt and stickers on saturday (got a ship email on friday morning- only in az). but my husband hasn't received anything- mail or email- yet?!?! did all the shirts in fact ship on friday, because if so i am concerned that either his wasn't shipped at all (know for sure his survey was filled out) or is otherwise missing?!?!?! one of my stickers had a crease, and the shirt sizing seems fine to me. :d
another look http://jezebel.com/were-losing-our-shit-over-this-veronica-mars-trailer-1453658922…  "well said, dick. well said."
in response to the whole pizonica issue, rob clarified today that they have not been together since hearst.  they reconnected a year ago.  :) it's on his twitter.
for those whom have shirts that are a bit on the snug side or too big, maybe someone can set up an exchange website.  i haven't gotten mine yet (i have two different accts), so i don't know if mine will fit, but i went with the larger size.  i was concerned that the shirts could run small. nice to see everyone receiving the rewards though.  sorry to hear about the sticker condition too.  if mine come like that, i'll be okay.  stickers were just an extra perk.  i'm still not sure what i would do with them.
anyone here from australia who have received their shirts yet??
i wondered if mine was a child xl rather than an adult xl.  i can't wear it but it looks great on my daughter (she's 5).  still thrilled to support the movie:)
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/28/veronica-mars-movie-new-footage_n_4171379.html…  spoilers!  noooooooo
i got my shirt, and it doesn't seem too small for me. my stickers were mangled completely though....i was really disappointed.
@jason flick - i will send an email...hopefully we can get this straightened out! i haven't gotten anything yet, but i'll keep you updated if i get yours!
so far soo good.  can't wait for the showing.
i too received a shirt that was tiny!  i'll be able to fit into it when i lose weight, but disappointing that it doesn't fit now.  the fabric is very thin...not the quality i was hoping for.  also, the stickers didn't travel well in the mail and most arrived bent. they should have been protected better.  overall, a disappointing perk experience so far.
i swore i ordered a men's style shirt in size large. i got what appears to be a child size large.
got shirt and stickers in today. glad i went with the xl. stickers are a little worse for the wear though as the package arrived mangled and torn open.
i'm with others in that the shirt i received today is definitely smaller than expected. fits a child better than an adult woman. :( anything we can do?
love the new footage! my shirts and new footage within a couple of days! i'm in heaven! team logan all the way!
i am flipping out about the video!!! i am so hyped! i got my shirt and stickers today too, and i am having what seems to be a common problem, my shirt is too small and now i'm totally bummed. is there anything i can do about it?
no shirts here yet, but the video worked fine here, it's looking good.  though it did end with "coming this spring"  i thought it was supposed to be opening this winter?
the video works fine here.
got my shirt and stickers! but even though my initial thought was to order a small, the size chart said x-small and i didn't want to get one too big. i should have gone with my instinct, definitely too small :(. small would have been perfect.
thanks for the tip! i can see it in the update!
i can't watch the video either... too bad :(
will i got my shirt and sticks today i was happy!
i can't view the video either :(
@dianawr @mary you should be able to view the video embedded in the update post.
my fiancé got her t-shirt this weekend and like others have commented, the t-shirt is definitely smaller than was expected. rob/ivan, any reason why the shirts are coming up small? and is there anything that can be done? thanks.
i'm getting the same notice on vimeo! :(
when i click on the video link, i am sent to vimeo, but it tells me i don't have permission to view it.  i was going to type this on the backers website, but it seems to be down (probably too many excited folks hitting it!)
i got my shirt on saturday. love it...just wish the sizing wasn't off. :)
i got my shirt and the xlarge is actually *larger* than i thought it should be.  guess they just have an arbitrary shirt manufacturer... howls...
laurelei erwin, my shirt arrived today and yes i would agree the sizes do seem off.   while the tag says ' m ' the actual size should say ' s ' ... unless its supposed to be a childs medium in which case being an adult female def wrong size  lol
@lydia h. hey there lydia, i believe i actually have your order as it just arrived today. i'm assuming mine got mixed up too with someone else. haven't received an email about my order yet though but i want to make sure you get them. any ideas?
just got my first shirt!
just got my first set of rewards! the t-shirts and stickers look great :) thanks for all the hard work rob and co.
got my tshirt!
anyone noticing sizing issues in the t-shirts? i'm still waiting on another one, but the one i have seems to be much smaller than the size would suggest :(
i got the same thing. just got an email last night from theveronicamarsmovie@bydeluxe.com that my package has shipped. it has my complete name and address included. is this right and true?
hello, i just got an email that my order has shipped (presumably the shirt) but while it lists my correct name, it shows a completely incorrect address. is this a glitch that has effected anyone else?
i have received almost half my rewards! :d
@kristy: send your updated info to customer support at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com and they'll help update your new shipping address in our records! - ivan
i moved back in august and i don't know how to update my address.  i changed it with the post office so hopefully my shirt will get to me eventually.
just a heads up, there is a test screening for the vm movie happening right now.  do yourself a favor and avoid tags for vm on twitter and tumblr if you don't want to be spoiled.  anxiously awaiting that update! :d thanks for answering some questions, ivan. :)
hey marshmallows, i am watching reruns on soap right now!  yay!!  i'm a jamberry nails consultant and i am wanting to make some custom nail wraps to wear along with my shirt when the movie finally comes out! i am soooo excited. i can't use any trademarked images unless i have permission and i am just terrible at digital artwork.  does anybody have any cool ideas or any images they could email me?  i'd really really appreciate it!!  my email is jamwithkeely@gmail.com but i'll also check back on here.  thanks!  (awesome to see that the shirts are being sent out!!)
hey all -- it's ivan. apologies for the slow responses. let me try to answer the open questions: @rosy: you're absolutely right. we should be doing a better job of keeping you updated when there are delays, and moving forward, we'll do our best to communicate more often -- even if it's to let you know that there's not much news, or that we're working through unexpected delays. the good news, i hope, is that we'll have an update from rob before the end of the day, with more details about the shirts and progress on the movie. and (spoiler alert): the shirts are starting to go into the mail today, with more being shipped daily for the next 10 days. thanks for taking the time to comment on this, though -- you're right, we can do better. @lars: i promise, european backers aren't a low priority for us at all -- we've just been trying to focus on delivering the rewards we've promised our backers before we start dealing with issues around new merchandise. the quick answer to your question is that wb shop might not be able to take orders from outside the usa, but we know that there are vm fans around the world, and we don't want to leave anyone out. we'll do our best to find a solution for you. @andrew: if you read back through the last few updates, you'll find a revised estimate on t-shirt timing that we shared with backers on august 13, along with an explanation of the delays. our best guess then was that shirts would ship in early october. that got slowed down a bit, but we're finally just about done, and will be putting all of the shirts in the mail over the next ten days, starting today. it shouldn't be much longer, but we appreciate your patience, and are sorry to keep you waiting. as another backer noted, if we had less than 10,000 backers, like spike's project, this would have been a much easier, faster process. making over 80,000 t-shirts, and getting them to everyone within the same month, turned out to be a lot more complicated than we guessed. @billie: we sympathize, believe me. we know people need to make plans for the premiere, but the truth is, we just don't have a decision yet on when the movie will be released. it could still be anywhere from january to march, last i heard. the second we know something, we'll tell you! @jana, darren: there *is* news, and it's good! rob will provide more details later today, but we're putting shirts in the mail as we speak, and all of them should go into the mail within the next 10 days. you'll have them soon! thanks for the questions & patience, all. we appreciate it!
i don't mind delays in products (especially on this scale) and i'm a huge fan of doing things right even if it's a longer wait. that being said, i'm pretty irked that the creators of this ks can't seem to update us more than once a month or that we're seemingly directed to check twitter for updates. twitter did not fund your ks; we did... and not all of us have time to comb through tons of tweets for the, generally speaking, non-existent updates. it's uncool to not take the time to update the people who funded your project. just saying... even if there are no new developments, taking a quick minute to say "hey, even though i said t's were going out in early october and unfortunately they're not because _______" means a lot to the people who are backing this project. most backers are pretty understanding when the creators let them know what's going on...
lars, you might also want to try tweeting to @veronicamars on twitter.  sometimes backer questions or fan questions are answered there too.
lars, i would give it a few more days.  things are going to start moving along and we should be getting some updates soon.  i'm sure rob or ivan will be on here shortly to assist you. :)
here you go:  info@theveronicamarsmovie.com is the customer service email. you can ask about overseas shipping from there unless you're referring to purchasing from wbshops by yourself then you would need to contact the wb website personally. i have contacted both, the wb shop says us only and customer service e-mail has not responded at all.
here you go:  info@theveronicamarsmovie.com is the customer service email.  you can ask about overseas shipping from there unless you're referring to purchasing from wbshops by yourself then you would need to contact the wb website personally.
hi! there was an update on the twitter acct at the beginning of the month saying shirts should be delivered within the next few weeks.  they are at the printers now. :)   this project had over 91k backers compared to spike lee's 6k or so.  i'm sure the vm team is working hard to get all the rewards out to us. :) try contacting the customer service emails, lars.  they should be able to get you some up to date information, and i hear they are super quick with responses.
everyone check out this adorable cat plush i am backing called angry cat.  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/687443034/angry-cat-plush
well it seems that the backers from europe are low priority. i have asked this question twice before and been ignored. the question was. any news about merchandises not beeing able to delivery in europe. wb shop states ships to u.s. only? hope to get an answer this time.
any news on the premieres? even a ballpark date? or, something like: "it won't happen before date x".
any news on the shirts? last i heard, they were supposed to be sent in early october. it is now mid october, and so far, nothing =/
an update soon would be great! i'm always so excited when i get a new one :)
@andrew, you do realize that this kickstarter had 15x the supporters of spike lee's? that makes everything regarding rewards take longer.
where's our tee shirts? i just got my tee from spike lee's kickstarter and it only took less than two months. you guys finished your ks six months ago!
just wondering if the t-shirts were still on track for this month? any kind of update would be appreciated. thanks
@billie: no announcements missed yet. we won't know the exact dates -- or even the definite month -- for the premiere until we know the release date for the movie. we hope to know soon, but there's no guarantee of that. all we can promise is that we'll tell you the moment we have a definite answer, and that we're trying to get one as fast as we possibly can. @giselle: you haven't missed anything, but more news on those is coming very soon. @michael: there's nothing new on the promotional front, but we've got a few new details we're hoping to share with backers before the end of this week in an official update. - ivan
this is a must see! need to do a vm episode of the simpsons. http://drawthesimpsons.tumblr.com/image/54903440149
any other news? a trailer or posters or anything?
hi, just wondering if there's been any news about the jason dohring autographed photos? i just want to make sure i haven't missed it! sometimes my kickstarter emails get sent to spam :s thanks
did i miss the announcements for the premieres? i have to do some long term planning to be sure i'm in la for the premiere as i'm sure many others do too. it will be hard to tell the people i work with that i have to change things in the schedule in order to accommodate going to see a film. some might understand, sadly, many won't. i've already had to be very vague about my availability in january and february just in case.
hey marshmallows!! if you have time you could check out this incredible indie rock band elenowen, they are doing a kickstarter to raise 40,000 in 40 days! they are at 11,962 with only 15 days left to go http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2131395752/elenowen-40k-in-40-days…
any news about merchandises not beeing able to delivery in europe. wb shop states ships to u.s. only?
@cassandra and @monica: both of your issues should be easy to fix! just send an email to customer support at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com, explaining the problem. they'll help resolve it for you. @jami: no news, but we're still working on it. should have more details soon!
any news on additional veronica merchandise coming up?  i would love to see some new mugs and shirts for sale, for sure.  :)
will we receive another survey before the items are shipped? my address has changed, and unsure how else i would be able to fix that otherwise.
couldn't find veronica on netflix in sweden, but found her in finland.
my husband pledged as well and gets the updates but never got the backers survey.. is there a way to fix this?
@hana: if you've got questions about your rewards, please let our customer support team know -- you can email them at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com.
@joshua, @michael: good timing. update just went out.
update?
any news on editing or anything?
@hana: if you're talking about the dvd's of season 1-3, they should have arrived by now, so if not, contact customer support. ### member of the pinkerton road cavalry ### ### dreamfall traveller ###
any chance the first 3 season will come back to netflix?
i still haven't gotten my dvds. should i worry? please help!
@justin: stickers are scheduled to go out at the same time as t-shirts, in early october. @elizabeth: contact our customer support team at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com and let them know about the damaged dvd. they should be able to help work something out! @michael: no new clips to share yet, but when we do, you'll be the first to see them. - ivan
where's these stickers at??
just discovered that swedish netflix has veronica mars.  i have them on dvd, but this makes it easier to rewatch them all :d
disk 3 of season 3 has a scratch in it and doesn't work in 2 episodes. how can i get that disk replaced?
how's it going? do you guys have any new clips?
hope post-production is going well guys! looking forward to the next update and the next trailer! :)
@ben: contact info@theveronicamarsmovie.com ### member of the pinkerton road cavalry ### ### dreamfall traveller ##
any eta on the digital download of series 1-3?
how do i change my address?
hello! i'm a backer and rarely post here, offering a rare poster to whomever would like it. i have had this bus stop size vm poster for several years, but am moving and it sadly has to go. free, of course. you can see a pic here: http://tinypic.com/r/2zns9de/5. would prefer vancouver area, as shipping would otherwise be involved.
@dominic: just email our customer support team at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com, and explain the situation. they'll help you get it worked out. nothing to worry about!
can someone help please?!? i got an e-mail saying that there was no record showing i paid for my second t-shirt, and i had to do a new short survey. when i did, it asked for the amazon transaction id number. but the thing is i didn't pay for it through amazon. i paid for it during the original pledging time. so i need to know what to do then. any help would be appreciated. thanks in advance.
@ michael: thank you :)
@ alexandra: http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/top_countries
is there a statistic how many people outside the usa pledged? perhaps by country? i'm just curios :)
this is funny: vm simpsonized: http://www.flickr.com/photos/adnz/9173961143/in/set-72157633197284450/
@felicity: send a message to our customer support team at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com and explain the situation. they should be able to help you!
happy birthday rob ;) i hope you had time to celebrate.
@ rob thomas, happy birthday!! i hope you get some free time to enjoy your day :)
@lvanovitch thank you!!! :)
one of the three dvd sets (season 2) i got with my backing is damaged (no noticeable damaged to packed but it was only a flimsy bubble mailer) what do i do?
@kellyann check comment page in last update it is addressed by ivan
is there a way to update my mailing address since the t-shirt surveys went out?
@joseph itunes has vm on sale 20 for sd or 25 for hd for each season.
@dominique: the dvd combo pack will be when the movie is released -- the combo is both standard dvd and bluray. the three seasons were a specific reward offered at the $175 and $275 levels.
is the dvd combo pack the three seasons? i haven't received any tracking number emails if so. just wanting to double check, was a little confused. thank you
you know what sucks, i was watching all the vm seasons on the cw but once the kickstarter got popular it stopped it.  if i knew that the cw was going to be cheap i would have kicked up my pledge to get the dvd's.  please help.  i want to see the series before the movie. jlnoll@yahoo.com
ok nvm, sorry, just read some of the posts below. please ignore my previous post. and thank you for your time.
i'm sorry if someone has already asked this, but the shirts haven't been shipped yet have they? i'm worried that i filled out the t-shirt information website incorrectly.
i received the three seasons of veronica mars yesterday :) it's really nice to watch again this wonderful show. for those who are still waiting, the dvds are in english (no other audio) with english, french and spanish subtitles. the dvds are region 1, so if you live in another region code (like me) and still don't know how to play other regions dvds here is how i do : i'm on mac (but this works also on pc), i use vlc and an external dvd player and that's all. i've only watched the first two episodes, but this is really great to see this show again. and in english, this is even better, even if the french dubbing was good.
@michael - there will still be updates every couple weeks for all backers. for those who want more frequent updates, the site is the best option. (don't forget that you can also subscribe to the site, and get an email whenever there's a new post there.) @merah - rob's still hoping for an update this afternoon, but it might be tomorrow morning before we're able to send it out. either way, won't be much longer! - ivan
@michael, rob tweeted that there would be an update today.
are updates going to be on the backer-only site from here on out or is this just a lull between exciting things to talk about?
since wb refused to provide me with dvd's of series 1-3, living outside of region 1, i was forced to go down a couple of tiers. yet, they very much exist. you see, upon hearing that, i acquired dvd's of series 1-3 elsewhere easily, and have already started watching them. usually, i don't watch this type of show, but i have to say, i like it. kudos to rob and the whole production team. ### member of the pinkerton road cavalry ### ### dreamfall traveller ###
@faye - we've been wondering the same thing. there were some issues in editing, but i think we've got them resolved. @colin - more details on the editing process soon. i've been waiting for the sdcc videos to send the next update, but if we don't get them soon, i'll just send one anyway. thanks for sticking with us. if you haven't already, you might also check the backers' website -- we've been posting new photos from production all week.
my veronica mars series 1-3 dvds have just been shipped! signs of life!  hopefully, that means that once the dvds (old already produced items) are out of the way, the t-shirts etc. (new in mass production as we speak) will be next!
i'm hanging out for an update - i got used to seeing one every few days during filming. i don't know about the rest of you but i'd love to know more about what's happening now in the editing process.
i was wondering why it takes so long to post the videos of the sdcc panel and fan event? are they being edited?
@lars -- good point. let me explore whether we can come up with any solutions for that.
veronica and logan made one of the best tv couples of all times :) http://www.usmagazine.com/entertainment/pictures/best-tv-couples-of-all-time-2013112/28339
ivan, just one problem they don't do international shipping so the items are limited to us and canada only. i e-mailed them and asked.
@stephanie: new and improved stuff is coming on the wb shop -- we're working on that now. - ivan
hey guys come join "spoiler is the watchword" on facebook. its where we post anything and everything we find on the web. https://www.facebook.com/groups/552829938108683/
there's some mars investigations merchandise available @ http://www.wbshop.com/search.do…! hopefully more to come soon?!?!
www.facebook.com/groups/veronicon    veroni-con:  the 1st annual veronica mars convention. be apart of history...again. we're planning a convention, and you're invited. want to plan it with us? awesome!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^  ny marshmallow group. great for anyone on the east coast, but we don't turn anyone away - so feel free to join no matter where you live.
hey, i just saw a campaign on twitter to get kristen bell on snl. i think it's a splendid idea and would be great promo for when the film comes out. you can never promote too much :) check out @kristenbell4snl
hey all -- ivan here. @elysia: that was a false alarm, i'm afraid. the t-shirt that went out was a similar design, but it was a crew t-shirt given to the cast and crew when we wrapped. the kickstarter t-shirts are being held up because of some supply issues -- turns out, getting 90,000+ blank t-shirts to print, all of the same fabric, can sometimes be difficult. we'll keep everyone posted when we've got them finished and are shipping them. in the meantime, we apologize for the delays. we want them just as much as you do! @crystelle, @stephanie, @helena: we're working to figure out all of the personalized rewards -- headshots, voicemails, videos -- over the next few weeks. we'll get back to you soon, i promise! and @stephanie, you're right: this whole thing happened so fast that we're realizing there are lots of little details that were hard to figure out in advance. the (relative) radio silence right now is giving us time to get organized and take care of loose ends!
@crystelle, thanks for the info! i can't imagine how busy everyone working on this whole project is--from the movie making itself to dealing with all the kickstarter rewards!
i actually decided to be a horrible person and email him :) the response was no surveys for the logan lovers packages yet but very very soon :)
@helena: nope, and several others i know also haven't. i'm guessing there is just a lot of little details that they didn't anticipate. now that filming is over with, they finally have a chance to really organize things :)
has anyone received another survey for the logan lover level about what he's gonna write? i just want to make sure that i haven't missed anything, it's been quite a while :/
from what i just read somebody has received their tshirt so ours will be coming!!
@valerie, they said on twitter that they'd send another email out to confirm our addresses once they're ready to ship the t-shirts.
@valerie, i'm pretty sure they still haven't finished even printing the t-shirts let alone sending them so there's no need to worry yet. my bet is there'll be an update around the time they're ready for dispatch :)
has anyone received their t-shirt and stickers yet? just checking as i haven't and wanted to see if that was the case with everyone else.
lol do people read the updates?
it's a new id and password. you will find them in update 46 :)
i keep trying and trying to get into the backers website and have yet to be successful. what user id and password do i use? my kickstarter one?
they just uploaded a bunch of pictures from sdcc to the backers website in case any of you are interested!
it's a good thing i'm coming back from my holiday tomorrow, too many exciting things are happening! so many updates too miss out on -casting news, backer website and first glimpse of the film.... aaaargh! too much excitement!
hey everyone. i just saw this and it's a couple hours old so i doubt kb is still answering them, but she went on reddit to play "would you rather." http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/1j1lmy/hey_rself_im_kristen_bell_lets_play_a_game_of/
@elysia - are you talking about a certain # that just happens to be on top of the nyc cab?
@melissa i read jan/feb 2014 hope that helps :) also i would like to repost what somebody had posted below. come join the facebook group "spoiler is the watchword" the group has found so much vm stuff from all over the web. did you know in the video they released there was a little easter egg as a nod to kickstarter? one of our members found it! it was tough and ivan askwith had to give a hint but she found it. it was tough. come check us out
thank you blair and stephanie!
i sent an email to info@theveronicamarsmovie.com about shirts here the response i got. hi blair, we’ve started printing your shirts, and we're waiting for updated information on when they'll be ready to ship. in the meantime, we'll keep you posted through our kickstarter updates! thank you for all your support! - veronica mars customer support
thanks ashley!
@melissa at comic con they said "early 2014" is the current goal.  guessing the book date is a placeholder and if it has to be delayed, it will be.
i have a couple of questions and figure someone here will have an answer.  i have been trying to figure out when the movie is to be released.  all i can find is 2014.  well if the books are to come out feb 4th and they are to take place after the movie shouldn't the movie come out first?
@victoria--evidently there was a production snag (per twitter). they will let us know when they are ready to be sent out!
i am wondering if there are opportunities for bloggers to share veronica mars movie sneak peaks and photos? i am a huge veronica mars fan and would love to feature veronica mars on my blog, the inquisitive mom. is there a media contact email? thanks!
i recently moved and i still havent gotten my kickstarter swag. i put my new adress in the email that was sent out. just wondering if anyone else has gotten their stuff yet and i need to track mine down or if i just need to calm down and wait. i just want to wear my t shirt everywhere already!!  thank you to everyone who made and is making this dream possible! <3 a fellow marshmallow
christi, check out update #46. thank rob and the whole crew for reminding the world about veronica, neptune, and that everyone's gonna respect the marshmallows ;) (new update everyone)
has there been any newer info covering rewards? just curious, i'm fine waiting for most of the stuff.. just really would like to watch the seasons :d
working our way through the seasons and we just got to season three.  rob, please, i'm begging ya... don't use that crappy version of the theme music you had in season three, go with the peppy season 1 & 2 classic!
if anyone just has to have a dick flask belt buckle...  http://www.amazon.com/maxam-ss-belt-buckle-flask/dp/b002xzo0b0/ref=sr_1_1…
hey marshmallows! if you have not yet heard, there's a facebook group called "spoiler is the watchword" we share spoilers and gush over them like nutty people. oh, and ivan askwith has joined in on the conversation a few times. if you're interested, check it out! :)
if you can't tell i'm excited!!!!!!!
thanks rob, cast and crew the movie looks great! love it! ;) btw that logan and veronica car scene i screamed!!!!!
thanks rob, cast and crew the movie looks great! love it! ;) btw that logan and veronica car scene i screamed!!!!!
@christi the user name and password are in update #46.
fellow marshmallows, i need some help getting on the backers only website.  i'm not sure how, but i must have missed or didn't get the log in information.  dying to get on the site and dying for this movie to come out!  thanks in advance marshmallows!
@charlotte: don't give up hope! rob signed a book deal to continue vmars after the events of the movie, and there's a strong suspicion that if this movie turns a profit for the studio there could be a sequel (or a series, is what rob hopes for)
@kate: all same ;)
thank you for the video rob. i never be so excited about a tv show/movie. only veronica mars can do that to me. i'm wondering, once the movie came out, once veronica mars will be defintely over, are  you guys will be as sad as i'd be? for the last years, we truly hoping to see this movie happens, so vm was not over to us and now with this movie, it is the last goodbye for us. ;(
ahhhhhh that promo! made my day! fellow backers! quick question.. i'm trying to log on to the new backer website and it's asking for "log in" info...? did i miss something?
http://www.ugo.com/tv/worst-tv-couples-veronica-mars-piz
dear rob thomas, i was only 13 when veronica mars began, and my parents didn't let me watch the wb/upn/cw. but about a year ago, i discovered this show and got so so excited when the kickstarter became a reality (i posted a lot on this comment board) can i just say.... that promo video..... thank you. thank you for taking our money and making a sensational film with it. a little 4-minute preview video made me laugh, cry, and squeal, and scream, sometimes all at once. your dedication to your craft is an inspiration for future writers, filmmakers, and people everywhere. your tireless determination to get this movie made (along with kristen) has brought joy to almost as many people as santa claus (or so we can reasonably assume). i've never felt more connected to a project, and quite honestly, it doesn't even matter to me if logan and weevil ride away together into the sunset and dick solves the mystery. it's perfect because you wrote it that way. (if you did, which i kinda doubt). i cried a bit yesterday, like you did at v and logan's first kiss. it was amazing, because i know that i helped. somewhere, somehow, my donation went towards lighting or costumes or sets or that awesome car logan is driving. just..... thank you. thank you thank you thank you. sincerely, a marshmallow.
so excited about the movie! however, i'm having trouble getting onto the vmars backers website, anyone else having similar trouble?
hi, i was wondering what was happening with the signed headshot surveys? just wanted to check if they've gone out and i've missed mine!
thanks for the link, was really fun to watch! is the video of the fan event up too?
@jose: i was just about to post the same thing. it was so good!
finally someone posted the sdcc panel! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
please excuse my previous post; i misread the information. however, on the longshot if anyone is interested in selling their la premiere tickets, i am definitely interested.
if you just want spoilers and don't feel like waiting, these articles pretty much detail the panel: http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/comic-con-2013-veronica-mars-movie-panel-live-blog#rvxsc2luco8ue68q.99 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/07/19/veronica-mars-movie-comic-con-panel_n_3624917.html… http://tvline.com/2013/07/19/veronica-mars-comic-con-2013-movie-spoilers/
http://www.utsandiego.com/news/2013/jul/19/veronica-mars-comic-con/
your backers want to see the footage asap.
in fairness they did say it would be going up at comic con first.  plus at least we know it's coming, a lot of other panels never get uploaded so fans that can't make it never see (i know we're in a different situation as we paid, but even so). i'm sure the updates will get more frequent after the shooting wraps.  they said its a 23 day shoot which is really intense.
so you decided to show scenes or moving pictures at all first to comiccon instead of to your backers? and then you don't even post them on your "private" site shortly after? this and the far too infrequent updates of the shoot (i thought you got a guy to do that stuff) are a real disappointment here. so basically we are just buyers to you and not in the slightest part of the creation (the updates on here could very well have been press releases...). you could have started something great here like double fine did, but in my oppinion you totally blew it - for your next project i will just wait till it is released...
how we suppose to watch the videos from the panel? i receive a mail including a password and a link to log in on it. but i don't see where i can log in! help, please!
followed live blogs of the panel.  looking forward to seeing the video (and clips shown) when its ready :)
@rob i fine with waiting but i am just wondering what going on with the t-shirts are they still being printed and can we get a date when the t-shirts might be ship out.
jeoff and vicky, if you guys cannot find people to swap tickets with, i'm definitely interested in purchasing your la tickets. missed my opportunity to do so.
is there anyone who pledged $1000 for the la premiere and after-party who might be interested in swapping for tickets to the ny premiere and after-party?
the site seems to have died again.
it's not just you, julie. i can't get it to load either.
hey, i am still having problems getting onto the kickstarter backer website. is anyone else still having issues or is it just me? i would especially like to be able to access the website with sdcc this weekend.....
twelve oclock...  we [ just the basic facts[] shhh...
thank you! thank you! thank you for the backers site. just finished re-watching the series again so i am in need of a fresh fix of exclusives. so good! did i mention a thanks for the site?
91k+ rabid fans all hitting a site at the same time?  yeah it'll slow down.  sadly i can't get there from work it's blocked, but happily because of the time zones it's very quick in europe!
good to hear about figuring out how to fix the slow load times. so human sacrifice it is then? yeah, the old it stand by. that usually appeases the it gods. these days we just start there and don't even bother.
quick update: we think we've figured out how to fix the slow load times and occasional crashing on the backer website, and we're making some changes right now. give us a couple hours, and we're hoping it will be a lot better. thanks for your patience, all! - ivan
it's working but their server has problems with the load. they say they are working to solve the problem,
link for backers not working. any body having same trouble?
so when are we getting the shirts, i thought it was by comic-con
how about someone coming to dragon-con in atlanta. one of the cast gotta be free!
i need to know what the picture means!?!?! sheriff lamb?!?!
sheriff lamb!!!!
can't remember if we can still ask questions for ivan/rob but in case, here goes; i know it is early days for anything to be arranged, but can't recall if there was ever talk of international theatre screenings (thinking specifically the uk as that's where i am, but generally would be interesting).  is it a possibility (depending on a variety of factors) or is it going to be america-only? thanks in advance :)
@update #45: sheriff lamb!  a flashback, perhaps?
http://www.amazon.com/veronica-mars-original-mystery-vintage/dp/0804170703
it's strange, i'm philosophically torn about the news for the books.   on one hand, i've already pre-ordered (2) copies!  on the other hand, i swore i'd never buy another book from alloy entertainment. while i love the idea and am thrilled that we know that the movie isn't going to be the end of the stories for vm, i'm decidedly on the "l.j. smith-side" of the discussion on their decision to fire her as the writer for the tvd & tsc books.   it is an entirely different situation of course, and i'd forgotten wb owned alloy, i just hope that the kickstarter campaign impressed upon them that creatively...let rob write the books in his own words and how he decides the story should continue.
yeah. not really the best time for it to get out that she wrote a mystery novel... but then, i know a lot of people that started watching the show after the kickstarter funding ended, and a lot of people who couldn't pledge any amount because they lived outside of the 21 countries. i could probably get a handful local bookstores and libraries to preorder it as well.
i guess it'd be dwarfed by the j.k. rowling book, but maybe the pre-order rankings are separate.
i want to know what the overall pre-sales will be...hoping the numbers are good!
i wonder what would happen on amazon's rankings if all 91,585 backers went there and pre-ordered the book right now.  i've done it!
i wonder if the cast will get together for cover photo shoots.  that would be all kinds of awesome.
you can also preorder on barnes and noble here: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/veronica-mars-rob-thomas/1116018433… amazon here: http://www.amazon.com/veronica-mars-original-mystery-vintage/dp/0804170703/ref=sr_1_4…
random house has page where you can pre-order the book. http://www.randomhouse.com/book/236043/veronica-mars-by-rob-thomas-and-jennifer-graham february 4, 2013  is listed as the release date. jennifer graham is the co-writer.
i am bordering on deliriously happy about the books. personally, i would be very disappointed if it's a graphic novel.  i guess the voice-over aspect could be preserved easily enough, but if we're not going to see moving expressions in emotional moments, then i want some paragraphs on those emotional moments. plus, i've been scarred by the less-than-good art in the buffy comics.
great news about the books. one of the best things about the tv show and what i hope we'll see in the film is the visual aesthetic of the vm world. so, you can't blame me for hoping we'll be getting a graphic novel can you? please, please, please!
i can't wait to read the vm series!  thank you rob thomas thank you so much!
@wai-yin: this totally made my monday :)
'veronica mars' gets book series spin-off  http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/veronica-mars-movie-book-series-585496
@rob send as many updates as you like. the people who have a problem with email updates need to learn to turn them off. you can get all the update notifications by just logging in to the site once a week.
i'm so excited to be seeing you guys at comic con next week!
they mentioned a limited release, but they were talking more like 200-300 theaters. i'm thinking it will be similar to that of maybe much ado's release. you can find their theater release here:http://muchadotheaters.blogspot.com/. for me, that means an 1.5 drive, in va, but its well worth it. i don't know if that's what they mean or not, but that's what i assume form the way they were talking. and who knows, maybe with the amount of press it will be a wider release.
(well, sol for seeing it in theaters. luckily, most of us will get a digital copy and get to watch it immediately, no matter where we live!)
of course, that doesn't account for all the vm fans who live in places where the movie will likely never be released. maybe things have changed, but during the kickstarter i got the impression that it's going to be a very limited release, so if you don't live in ny or la, you're sol.
interesting, wai-yin. and then of course when you take into account those who are just now discovering veronica mars, and those of us who will probably see it as many times as they can...
reading an article about indie films on ew.com and saw this sentence. http://insidemovies.ew.com/2013/07/13/do-indie-films-still-work-in-the-summer/ "right now, the $20 million figure is a good benchmark for what makes a decisive indie hit, and this year two films have hit it...[the place beyond the pines and mud]" == top indies 2013 http://www.indiewire.com/article/the-30-highest-grossing-indies-of-2013-so-far 1. the place beyond the pines - $21,403,519 2. mud - $20,773,890 3. quartet  - $18,390,117 4. spring breakers - $14,124,284 5. before midnight  - $6,576,894 6. the bling ring  - $5,214,813 7. the company you keep  - $5,097,389 8. frances ha - $3,644,933 9. emperor - $3,346,265 10. much ado about nothing -  $2,946,071     == ratings for vm during season three: 2.5 million average ticket price in first quarter 2014 (national association of theater owners): $7.94 2.5 million viewers x $7.94 = $19,850,000 91,585 backers x $7.94 = $727,184.90
the world just got a bit smaller again, gaby. your aunt maureen and my wife, carol, have been best friends since childhood. when i read this vm update to carol, she freaked. i've been a vm supporter since the show. i think you just helped bring in another boatload of fans to the vm family. so great to have you aboard :)
yay gaby!!! woohoo!! please tell me you'll wear the same hair style as you did in 200 cigarettes..
i found this interesting and true tbh lol http://veronicamarsconfessions.tumblr.com/post/50813779264/it-seriously-grates-me-when-piz-was-trying-to and this http://veronicamarsconfessions.tumblr.com/post/55179067360/i-hate-piz-not-because-he-gets-in-the-way-of
all another great kickstarter project nourishmat http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2083391547/nourishmat-changing-the-way-wethink-about-food thx marshmallows!
i have a bit of a generic question: how did each cast member work on getting back into their character flow after a seven year break?  was it easy to get back or difficult? also, this movie will allow me to hear it never rains in southern california again without a borderline nervous breakdown.  i'd say that's a perk if nothing else :)
thanks for the update! i don't have a question to ask right now, but i would like to see another silly or personal video update, maybe even from my main man rico. :)
are people really this grumpy? let's leave the team be so they can do their awesome job. all the other crap is surely second to getting a great return of veronica mars out of this?
@rita, send me an email with your information at veronicamars@robthomasproductions.com, and i'll look into it.
isn't ryan hansen everyone's favorite? ;)
yeah rita that would worry me too. did you do all the steps below? if you didn’t receive a survey, here’s what you should do now:      1. send us an email at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com.      2. in the subject line, write: “didn't receive my vm reward survey”      3. please be sure your email includes:             - your full name             - the email address you used on kickstarter
i can wait for reward, but i still haven't got a survey which worries me. i have sent a half a dozen emails. one about every other day since they said they had all been sent out.
i agree, wai-yin.
thanks for the update, ivan!  and i agree too, wai-yin!
i agree wai-yin
i agree wai-yin!
i'm not too worried about the delay the rewards and backers site. the most important deadline that  rob and his gang have to meet is the shooting schedule. if they have to push other things aside in order to make sure the movie is done on time,  then i have no issues with that. i've waited almost 6 years for veronica mars to come back. waiting an extra couple of days, weeks, months for  rewards isn't that big of a deal.
ignore what i wrote down below. i was thinking it was later on in the month, looking at wrong schedule. @crystelle  i was referring to mistake in my previous post.
lol yeah <3 i figured thought i would ask though lol, and i did so good through the first round of surveys! :d
*faq
yay for psudo updates! any word on the head shot surveys though? i got a email saying it will be another week out but that was last week lol.
just wondering in the fao question says will ship dvds out in july has any one gotten theirs yet?
the more i think about it the more i wouldn't mind mac and wallace being a couple.
lol i was just about to comment we haven't had an update in a while. ^_^ thanks ivan
@eosiecki and jason watts -- thanks. :)
and of course i forgot to sign it -- that post was from ivan. :d
@jim: you're absolutely right. we should have said something here, at least. we're always wary of sending official updates just to tell people that things will take longer, because we've found that at least 50,000 people don't want that many updates. @jennifer, email update coming tomorrow! sorry to keep you waiting so long. we're hoping it will be worth it. @everyone: i'm learning to be more careful before making firm promises about timing, but we're pretty close now. with luck, we'll be live tomorrow, and we'll make up for lost time: to get you caught up, there will be posts for every day that we've been shooting. thanks (as always) for your patience!
another thing ivan tweeted that you may not have seen: he spent wednesday on set and took over 1,000 photos, just in that one day.  so i know that the wait can be frustrating, but at least we know there's some good stuff coming!
yeah, i agree, although someone did ask about it on twitter, and ivan did say it wasn't going to be within the time-frame that they said. i think they just forget that not everyone is on social media all the time to see those little tiny timing updates.
@stephanie just annoying that a week ago they said the site should be up in 48 hrs. i understand they were having technical issues, but at the least they should have said something when they missed their mark.
today was the first day back from the long weekend, so i'm sure they are catching up on things. i would assume we would get an update by wednesday...
there's been a week of radio silence. what sort of technical issues are you guys having with the password protected site?
are email updates still going out?  i feel like i haven't gotten one in ages.
@michelle, he said it will have voiceovers, but they wont start until veronica gets back into p.i. mode, so the movie wont open with a veronica voiceover.
@michelle rob talked about it at the atx television festival panel. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i wonder if the movie will have a voice over.  has rob said?
just want to leave a comment to say that rob & ivan are doing such a terrific job! keep up the great work guys! :)
there was that evidence with duncan's hair (that aaron got through kendall) and all the previous reports regarding duncan's soccer uniform and lack of alibi (not to mention his epilepsy) that would contribute to him being a suspect. lamb knew that aaron did it, but he's dead, and aaron was acquitted, and we don't really have much knowledge of the entire sheriff's department. what we do know is that neptune is a pretty corrupt place where rich, white, famous people get away with a lot. we saw jake kane in the series finale and he definitely wasn't in as stable/powerful a position as he was at the start of the series, so there goes duncan's protection. honestly, 11 years later, i doubt that the lilly kane murder is even a huge deal - they definitely wouldn't be investigating - but if duncan came back, it would definitely be brought up.
@merah - i didn't think that duncan was a suspect in lily's murder. i pretty sure the "neptune sheriff's dept." knew aaron did it, even if wasn't found guilty.
ps i know its too late to realy put that in if its not already but hope it is in it as all he really needed to do was controll his anger a bit more and he could at least be better then vinny
one of my favorite moments in season 3 was how happy weevil was to help mars invesagtions. and how good he was at it make this version of him return maybe say he has his own now or pernmintly works as keaths second like veronica while shes doing her own thing with the gov or whatever
@tabby, duncan is most likely the lead suspect in the lilly kane murder, and consequently probably the aaron echolls murder, too (though they seemed to ignore that storyline altogether so maybe not). he's also, you know, a fugitive who kidnapped his own baby and has [type 4] epilepsy, which would create a lot of... issues upon his return. and since veronica helped him leave with his daughter, she'd be a principal in the second degree, and addressing all of that would take up a large portion of the movie. there's also the fact that he was written off the show a year and a half before it was cancelled. so, really, i doubt they're going that way...
does anybody know if you can pick up 1 extra ticket for a friend in the morning for the kickstarter event at sdcc?
@lilly, i believe the last day of filming is july 20th. good luck to everyone trying to get into the veronica mars panel!  i will probably be camping out all night to ensure a good seat.
worried about picking a fan event ticket up at 6 and then queueing to get in to hall h for 11:15
@tabby they will probably have a hard time getting around the kidnapping story line.
in hall h with walking dead and got. should be a packed house so get in line early.
so veronica mars is gonna be in hall h at sdcc! wasn't expecting that!!!!
when does filming end?
what about duncan kane? is he coming back? why have we heard no news about him? please say he's at least making a small appearance.
i hope when the movieposter will arrive they deliver it rolled and not folded.
yesterday i've finish to rewatch the complete series of vm. it's a relief that after that ugly last episode, i know that you're working on a movie! *__*
i know this isn't related to vm(sorry), but if anyone enjoys small town community theatre, we could really use the help. thanks! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1076562106/st-john-theatres-massive-production-of-the-produce
so the queue for remaining fan event tix 'opens' at 6am? i'm assuming the box office will open around 9am and the plan is for allocated seats so we're not in line all day. gonna be a long (fun) one!
marshmallows! http://bit.ly/162enyo win a date with kristen bell and support a great cause!
i wish i lived in the us and could go to the fan event and sdcc! i'm jealous of those of you who are going!  but i am so glad they might be recorded for us who can't be there!
i hope everyone read that last update carefully and respects the request to not show up on set unannounced and uninvited! we all gave to the cause to get this movie done and they (actors, producers, crew and rob) have all been very gracious, thankful and generous with their efforts regarding this film. please, to those still trying to go to the set and unintentionally disrupt, don't do it! think of the big picture. think of all the fans not just your own need to have just one more piece of this, admittedly, historic event.
any chance we'll have t-shirts in time to wear them to comic-con? fingers crossed here.
does anyone know when the t-shirts will be sent out? i know they sent the surveys but couldn't tell how long after that they would be mailed.
michelle, did you read the vm backer update from today? if you haven't filled out the rewards survey, there is still time. 1. send us an email at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com.  2. in the subject line, write: “didn't receive my vm reward survey”  3. please be sure your email includes:             - your full name             - the email address you used on kickstarter
i just realized i had the wrong email address on my kickstarter account  of an email that wasn't even activated. will they send out emails again?? i don't think i will get it because i didn't even pay attention  :(
@casey well i've got a sdcc badge so i'll hopefully be able to go the sdcc panel and signing but i'd love to come to the fan event too! gonna be hard to see it all!
a simple but urgent request, rob. -->> an elevator scene or two, please!!<<--
also want to add that rob has said the fan event will be recorded so all backers can see it.  it is very possible that the vm sdcc panel will be recorded and posted online as well, as many sdcc panels are.
@ben, the meet and greet is for the sdcc vip package only, which got reserved seating at the fan event and access to the meet and greet.  the sdcc fan package gets reserved seating at the fan event only, no meet and greet.  if you don't have either of those packages, then seating at the fan event is first come, first served, which means get in line early!!  as far as i know, you don't even have to be a backer to attend the fan event. of course the fan event is separate from the veronica mars panel at comic-con, which will also be first come, first served, but will require a comic-con badge to attend.  you also have to have an sdcc badge to go to the autograph signing at the wb booth.
@sharon where did you hear that? is the meet and greet for sdcc fan event level backers only are all backers entitled to go to that?
eeek! got the notice that the video greetings will eb recorded soon. still have no clue what i want to have say.
oh, oops, had to read it more carefully after my excitement subsided.  the meet and greet is in the afternoon.  the fan event is still in the evening.  so, as someone else already stated, looks like we have to choose between the events going on, since we can't be at sdcc and waiting in line at the fan event at the same time. ;)
just got notified that the backers only special event going on the same day as sdcc will be held in the afternoon of july 19th, not the evening as originally planned.  so the line to get in will probably start earlier too.  good luck to all those going!! :)
@lilly, "didnt make sense" and "forced the drama", i'm pretty sure we have none other than ms dawn ostroff to thank for that, also known as the woman who canceled veronica mars to put the television masterpiece that was the pussycat dolls on the air.
as for the pics they don't show much that can be factual all we have is guesses so im not going to dread on it. but like i said i don't care for the character piz so any pic of him with or without veronica will irritate me.
tiger that's an interesting poll and true most of the time. but if we are talking about piz then i'm going to point out that i don't like him bc he was annoying and he's sold purpose was to be veronica new bf bc they were going to break up love for no reason. i don't dislike none of veronica previous bf that came in the way of her & logan or even before logan bc they made sense. a lot of things in s3 just didn't flow and felt forced for drama.
http://tarelelenar.deviantart.com/journal/poll/2215850/ here's an interesting poll that i wish had more votes.  most people voted for what's going on with people and piz.  i voted for the pandering one.
@julia, because on the grand scale it doesn't matter, the hardcore fans are going to watch it no matter what, and the casual movie goers aren't going to know the difference. it's just them having a bit of fun.
i think it's more likely that this movie is rob's vengeance on a fandom that hated season three and many actively tried to get it canceled. if we are talking about completely ridiculous hypotheses.
i think that's exactly what those pictures are, jason.  while the so-called uproar is ridiculous and kind of annoying, i'm kind of enjoying people overly expressing their rage.  it's like there's beliebers among us, only more irrational.
yes, because who wouldn't want all the people who you want to see your movie to hate you when you are supposed to be promoting it?
how hilarious would it be if piz isn't dating roni in the movie and only has a small cameo, and these pics are just rob trolling the internet, he staged the "leaked" photos to cause a ruckus....evil mastermind.
they were holding hands in one of the pictures...
has anybody thought maybe piz is dating someone else from neptune. huh, huh?
i read a news article that justin long is joining the cast. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/29/veronica-mars-justin-long-movie-christine-lakin_n_3521640.html
i found this article from june 11, 2007 where rob thomas  officially confirms vm's cancellation to  mike ausiello . fast forward 6 years later, and that last paragraph by ausiello takes on a whole other meaning.  http://www.tvguide.com/news/veronica-mars-officially-8545.aspx "in light of this development, it might make sense to redirect those deliveries to warner bros.' features division - specifically, the folks who would be responsible for greenlighting a veronica mars film. just a thought. if you've got a better idea, by all means, post it below."
just wanted to re-post, since it is so difficult to scroll back through comments now. for those of you interested in a vm fan listing to link up with other marshmallows in your area, (or to see just how wide-spread we are) be sure to check it out/add yourself. we are over 250 now!!! http://tinyurl.com/vmfans
hey everyone i don't know if any of you have read this faqs i got it with my email response form customer service. http://www.theveronicamarsmovie.com/faq/
your comments are on point @jason
http://www.youtube.com/watch… "you [piz] aren't going to be the winner, at the end of the day you cant compete with what's going on between the two of them [veronica and logan]" i think this basically proves that veronica and piz were headed for splitsville, i dont see why rob would change that now.
i think that piz and veronica having being together for all this time would be incredibly heavy handed so i doubt that it will go that way. i don't think i'd believe piz and veronica together for more than 10 years from her teenage years into their early 30s without being married.
@jason i read an article that said rob wouldn't reveal if it was someone new or not. i just don't see how it could be piz if she's "put neptune in the rear-view", but maybe piz moved to new york later for his music thing and they got back together?  i'd prefer it if it's someone new, though. someone who isn't from neptune, so that she could have actually gotten her fresh start in ny.
i can't remember for sure or not, but didn't he actually say that when the movie starts she will be living in nyc and in a relationship with someone new (as in nobody from the show)?
@jason yeah, you're probably right. i don't really believe they've been together the whole time. but you never know.......
i'm pretty sure rob knows what the masses think about piz, just like he knows how the masses feel about logan. it's all up to him if he wants to give the majority what they want or not. we shall see. i seriously doubt that roni has been dating him for 10 years after hopping around the country doing her school thing, it wouldn't make sense within the story (unless he just followed her around like a little puppy dog), as i get the feeling that rob was saying she has completely distanced herself from all facets of her life in neptune (with the exception of her father).
i've never backed a kickstarter project before this one, so forgive me if this is a stupid question. what happens, communications-wise, once the survey responses are processed? do backers typically get a shipping email or some sort of tracking number like you would with an online purchase, or will my vm t-shirt just appear in my mailbox one day?
i hate piz, duncan, logan, wallace, weevil, leo and the other guy and i will not accept any of them with veronica, not ever.  none of you can see the real love story that was always going on.  even if the show continued to a natural conclusion on tv, they never would have went there.  but i saw it.  you all should have seen it.  veronica should end up with her father, keith.  do you hear me, rob thomas?!  if you don't have this family break the ultimate taboo and pull off a beautiful woody allen, i will want my money back! ps: i'm lying.
having the panel, signing and fan event all on one day makes it less likely that people will be able to attend all 3.  make sure you plan and prioritize, everybody!
veronica mars sdcc panel and signing set for friday!
either way if they are or are not i am still excited that piz will be in the movie!
@faye: i would like to see principal clemmons return as well!
@faye: he has sort of confirmed it himself but we're yet to hear an official announcement from rob. @kate: i definitely agree with you about the whole veronica and piz relationship being utterly awkward. but if they are in fact boyfriend/girlfriend in the movie, i'm thinking that they have not been going out this whole time...perhaps they rekindled their romance a few years later after veronica transferred? we'll just have to wait and see. i'm just still too excited about the reality of all of this!
i don't mind piz hanging around as "one of the group" but i really do not support his dating veronica. simply because: it's been done already, i found it utterly awkward when they were together, even their kissing scene in the elevator had a veneer of awkwardness to it. if you're going to date someone for ten years and spend your twenties with them, it should be someone a little bit more passionate and less..... forced.
@faye there has been no official max greenfield announcement as of yet.
i agree with you lilly (although i do like piz :)), i must've misunderstood. wallace and veronica are best friends and should stay that way. anyway, all we can do is wait... so who do you guys hope will be in the next casting update?? i'd like it if principle clemmons returned!  and i've read somewhere that leo (max greenfield) was confirmed. he wasn't in one of the updates yet was he?
my thoughts on piz...i really liked his interaction with wallace but not so much veronica.  he could be dating mac or madison (not likely but you never know).  he could also just be working in neptune, just because he is back doesn't mean he will be a major character this time.
@anne i agree with the first part. triangles are so overused in tv/movies now it doesn't excite me anymore bc of how long they drag it out. as fir wallace and veronica i don't agree. i love their friendship too much and the fact we have a male and female friendship that never got romantic.  to me he's like her brother.
@faye i didn't say that read my comment again. i stated i didn't like piz or piz and veronica together. but i also said i want rob to make the movie he wants but i'm not going to pretend to like something (piz and piz & veronica) if i don't. that i will watch the movie and decide if i like it or not. (the movie as a whole)
@faye i didn't say that read my comment again. i stated i didn't like piz or piz and veronica together. but i also said i want rob to make the movie he wants but i'm not going to pretend to like something (piz and piz & veronica) if i don't. that i will watch the movie and decide if i like it or not. (the movie as a whole)
@anne precisely! yes, we all know that rob knows his audience and how it will end. so why bring back the horrible triangle everyone already hated in the season we all wish we could forget? it doesn't make sense for the characters, and it does nothing but detract from the mystery that some of you claim you want to see.
pretty sure if duncan is in the film (even if it's just a cameo) it won't be announced. i'm just hoping for a general kane shoutout -it can be subtle, i'd be okay with that :p @generoso would definitely love to read a write-up if it is okayed by the powers that be :p
i just don't want to see a veronica-piz-logan triangle still playing out 10 years later all bold and the beautiful -style. i personally hope that veronica ends up with wallace. wallace calls her out on her shit, doesn't get jealous that she isn't crying over being away from him for 2 months while at an fbi internship and there's no bloodshed and lives ruined. hear me, rob!!! wallace and veronica please!!!!!!!
well duncan was the one who gave veronica the fortune cookie that said "true love stories never have endings". so who knows....... ;)
i'm hoping for at least a duncan cameo please mr rob thomas!!!! xxx ps soo happy to help!!
@ generoso: i'm really interested in your experience as an extra! did you get to meet everyone?
@lilly so you'll only like the movie if veronica ends up with logan?? i don't really care for logan, but i won't be pissed if they end up together. i'm more excited to see the whole story of the movie. for me, it was the mysteries, the detectiving, a high school/college girl solving serious cases while dealing with her life, and her own problems, that i thought was so cool. that included her love life, but to me it was so much more than a will they/won't they (end up together) story. i really liked the noir elements and the snarky, somewhat cynical veronica, which maybe works best if she's not in a relationship. besides if they don't end up together in this movie, hopefully there will be (many) more? :d
that's true too
i'm as anti-piz as you can be, but my point is people are jumping to truly unnecessary conclusions.
i saw the pic and it's whatever. i'm not going to pretend like i'm ok with piz or piz and veronica i could care less about him or them together. and if they were together this whole time i call bullshit. the honest truth is piz dont make me excited to see the movie he's actually a turn off. you can say that's rude but it's how i feel about the character.  and i'm getting tired of people saying they hope rob don't get influence by crazy shippers just bc 99% of the fans loves a couple. rob put them together in the first place and jason & kristen made us love them. i want rob to make the movie he wants but i'm going to pretend i like something if i don't. i'm going to see the movie and decide when it's over.
i'm back from my experience being an extra on the set and the whole experience was great! i'll try posting up a summary of what went on if people are interested (after double checking with ivan that anything in the write up doesn't violate the nda we had to sign.)
i hope she dumps piz and logan and ends up with leo ;)
i'm so excited for this movie, i can't wait!!!! i have high hopes for logan...hopefully he outgrew his i don't give a **** attitude and somehow got to have a relationship with his brother charlie, maybe some nieces or nephews. he really deserves a family. i hope this 10 years weren't that lonely for him...he deserves a happy ending!
i think piz could easily be in the movie even if he's not dating veronica.  he was, after all, friends with everyone! and yes the movie is set at their high school reunion, but it won't entirely be about that so he could still be around.  i don't mind piz, but i will say i'll be pretty disappointed if they're still together after all this time, especially given the looks they exchanged in their final scene on the show.  so i'm crossing my fingers that the photos are either some flashback or dream or a fake-out for the case or even just purposely done to freak us all out!  cause after all, rob knows his audience.
i was mostly indifferent to piz with veronica during season 3.  but now, i want them together more than ever.
well, think about it, of course she is with piz!  why would chris lowell be in the movie otherwise?  he didn't go to high school with her, so he wouldn't be at the reunion...  plus, it makes perfect sense to set up a good foil for the true lovers, veronica and logan.  he is someone logan can really be jealous of.  i don't think for a minute they've been together this whole time.  probably they just met up in nyc while she was in law school.
sorry, but, no, rob is not infallible. even discounting season three, which i mostly blame on cw, there have been episodes that just make you go, "huh?" i retain all my rights to be pissed and overreact to the completely irrational prospect of veronica still being with piz and bringing him to her high school reunion. if that bothers people, you may need to start worrying about your own life and thoughts.
thanks, valeria! :-) i guess i can give them 30 to 45 more minutes, and then i'll just do this... it's definitely better than not filling out the survey at all!
@starrox @alex i got a reply, i don't know if you need to wait for them to tell you to do this, but i hope this helps: you were sent a survey for the united states because that is the address we have on file for you. if you would like to have your items shipped to a different country besides the united states, please do the following: fill out the survey you have been sent and put the following in the address section “different address” email your new address to customer service at info@theveronicamarsmovie.com with the email subject line reading: "vm shipping address change". in the body of the email, also include your amazon payment transaction id. please note that your t-shirt design will change based the country we ship your reward to. (see the below faq for further detail)  thank you for all your support!  -the veronica mars team http://www.theveronicamarsmovie.com/faq/
@kate, i think that we all think about this way too much! i'm hoping things will settle down once filming is over with and the editing, marketing process begins. can you imagine the reaction to the trailer?!?! ahh--trying not to think! i believe that the ending of the movie will leave the majority of the hard-core fans happy. i don't necessarily think that things will be tied up with a nice, pretty bow, because that's not veronica mars, but i feel like there will be an ending that we can be happy with and reach that closure that we've been missing for 7 years. the big things will be dealt with!
at the very least, rob has promised us an ending with closure. so even if love doesn't happen, we can at least accept it because i'm sure rob will make sure logan and veronica are both in a good place and we won't be left pining. i clearly think about this way too much.
trust in the process, people! it wouldn't be veronica mars if there wasn't mystery! rt knows what he's doing. these are his characters, with which he can write as he pleases!
ok, so people on twitter are going nuts over a photo of veronica and piz in plane clothes walking together. can i just point out.... in 1977, when a new hope came out, everyone assumed luke and leia would end up together (at least, that's what i hear). imagine how stupid they felt later. point is, one picture does not a plotline make. piz could be her long-lost brother/gay best friend/ex boyfriend/current boyfriend/just a friend/husband. we really don't know. so for all the lovers, take a xanax. i love you dearly and i share your pizronica fears but.... you're going to give yourself a heart attack. rob knows what he's doing. end rant.
i'm happy to announce that veronica mars has a new fan.. for months i've been trying to get my mother to watch the show, and she finally agreed last week.. needless to say she was hooked before the first episode was over..
hi! the shirt size link won't seem to work for me. if it's not too much to ask, can someone provide the sizes here for men and women? :)
great deal on vm dvd sets at wbshop.com, especially the original packaging ones (i.e. not the newer slim packaging)  i finally completed my set with season 3
i didnt even look at what country my survey was addressed to. hopefully it still works out
@valeria & alex: at least you got an email back at all... :-/ i've been waiting for a reply with a link to a non-us-backer survey since last friday, but all i got after that "we'll look into it"-email on sunday was the email telling me i only have 24 (now about 12) hours left to fill out the survey! well, i'd love to be able to do that, but they won't let me! now what? *sighs*
don't know what survey i got, but i did get an email back from them. so new wrinkle now that i've had time to sit down and attempt payment. amazon payments would not let me send money without filling in details about my address and d.o.b., etc. fairly normal... until you realise that the country is already set as the united states and is text, no drop down. the states are in a drop-down menu, but only us states. and there's a note there that says "money transfer services are currently only available in the united states". i've told them that, but it doesn't look like i'll be getting a second t-shirt unless i can pay some other way.
@karina yep, i'm sure. i got the us survey instead.
that was @valeria btw
are you sure the country you are from is one they have included australia, austria, belgium, brazil, canada, denmark, finland, france, germany, ireland, italy, luxembourg, mexico, netherlands, new zealand, norway, spain, sweden, switzerland, uk.
i got the wrong survey, sent an email and they replied asking for the purchase information. it's been days and i still haven't heard back, but i keep getting reminders to fill out the survey i've received, except i can't select my country on it. help?
yes, i've checked. nothing there.
ryan, have you been checking your spam folder? maybe the first email got lost in cyber space? hmm..strange...
i just received the following email. the wording of it is pretty strange since it's the first i've been asked for any information regarding reward selection. "dear veronica mars backer,  you still haven't responded to your kickstarter reward survey.  we have now reached the initial deadline for responses. if we don't get an answer from you in the next 24 hours, we will not be able to include your shirt in the first round of production, and it will take longer for you to receive. plus, if you don't respond, we have no address where we can send your t-shirt. so: we need you to respond to this survey right now."
i just want to say how proud i am to back this project, even in just a small way. this series always meant a lot to me - and i'm so pleased you're doing right by the fans in reviving those well-liked characters. thank you, and i appreciate your hard work :)
@ lilly , don't forget : - the kane family (including lily flashbacks!!!) - principal clemmons ;-)
@ lily amen!
ditto, lilly! well said!
we have nearly everyone back for this movie its amazing and i'm so excited! thank you rob, kristen and cast & crew thank you so much for not giving up on a veronica mars movie. that cliff hanger at the end of season 3 left my heart broken and unsettled and now i'm about to cry because i can't believe this is actually happening. rob please don't over work yourself! love all of you for coming back and giving us this movie!  love you guys! ;)
i'd say that this might also be partly included in the story...it's a reunion, people just have to ask "what have you been up to?". and i imagine that she might begin with something like "back to neptune at last. i haven't been here for 10 years now, and missed it as much as you miss a shoe permanently causing blisters. still, this same shoe looks really pretty every time you see it for the first time." although "she" is able to say it much better - and the whole movie still needs action and not only talking and looking back. but i guess mixing the narration and some random overheard conversations ('in high school he was a stupid, heartless guy' -"lookin' good, kate, probably cause you're happy to be away from that ugly husband of yours - i always have a hard time deciding if i wanna watch my employees double my account each hour or join my wife near the pool" 'well i guess he still is' (kind of, i also only modestly tried to imitate in 10 seconds what years of thinking and experiende and days of writing will have yielded)  can also do this...but it will also be differnt from the show so in the end everything is still guessing! yay, now i got even more curious.
also, will there be some kind of 'when we last saw veronica....' type of pre-movie release? maybe a youtube video? i do hope we have resolution to the cliff hangers from the last episode! i've been dying to know what happens! longest. cliff. hanger. ever. thanks!
just re-watched the 1st episode yesterday on the wb website. where can i stream the remainder of the episodes?
thanks stephanie thats great news
@alison, max greenfield has confirmed (as well as rob on twitter) that he is returning as leo for the movie :)
so with vinny back that means all i need is leo to make my dream cast complete. i know selfish bc so far rob has given us almost everything we could dream of thanks. is it just me or as a fan isn't wonderful to know the actors who play our favorite characters love the show as much as we do thanks again for making my day,
just wanted to let rob know that i really appreciate him taking the time to write us backers, and am so glad that the film is in production! a veronica mars movie finally happening is a dream come true since it is one of my favorite tv series ever and i think that it did not get a proper ending!  i can understand how busy rob must be, and am okay with him not writing us as much, despite the protest of other backers.i am also really excited about ken marino being a part of the cast! i think that vinnie van lowe brought a lot to the show whenever he appeared, and feel the same way about cliff, so i am glad that both of these supporting characters will be back for the film! thanks so much for everything, rob!
vinnie! and the movie is now complete.
rob said that surveys would still be going out into july.  he said he would let us know when all were sent out so we could worry then.  hope that helps.
are surveys still going out? i have yet to get mine at all.
can't wait to see vinnie and be introduced to "cobb!"
re: veronica mars project update #39 - love this: weird moment of the week: my wife and kids have now joined me in los angeles, and i went out to pick up dinner from a nearby restaurant. i told the man at the counter that i had a to-go order for rob thomas. his reply was, "the singer or the director?" it took me a moment before i could stammer out, "uh, the director." he said, "good luck with the movie." this, of course, has never happened to me before. w00t!!!!! i'm so honored to be backing this project! xo jennieb!
@balabanto that sucks, i would rather go to comiccon this year for vm, and gencon next year for the 40th anniversary of d&d and the release of 5e (if the final product is any good). what game is your product release for?
camelot unchained has 145,000 comments currently. we wont be breaking any comment number records. ;) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/13861848/camelot-unchained
thanks rob, ivan, customer service and cast & crew. just wanted you to know we appreciate everything you guys are doing even we have a lot questions ^_^
well said tiger lol
remember this from update 38: "when all of the surveys have been sent out, i will tell you. until i tell you otherwise, please do not worry."
@tal i also didn't get my survey yet, and i'm also starting to worry... i second that sigh!
so i was just wondering if now would be a good time to start worrying if i haven't gotten my survey yet... i'll admit, i am getting a bit anxious.  *worried sigh*
i can't make it to comic con. we're short handed at work. bleah. maybe next year. i had to choose between this and gencon and i'm releasing a product at gencon so i had to go to that. :)
great news! i'm very excited for the updates and comic con thingy (what would be awesome is a scene preview from the movie, that would make me so happy! lol) keep doing your thing rob! (and dont let us crazy fans pressure you)
i just remembered to fill out my survey, and it got me wondered... i'll be moving in late july... should i have given my old or my new address? where can i give notice of address change?
i took both =). i was hesitating when they first added the option, but then decided that i would end up liking the final designs so i upped the pledge and turns out it was the right decision =). but if they really keep adding more shirts and stuff, i might end up losing too much money...
kim, i hesitated a lot and i chose the california noir shirt (eu design). i wish i didn't have to add 10 more dollars for shipping to get the miniblinds as well, i would have bought it otherwise, but i found it quite unfair. they were both great, but i like the cool colors of the cn t-shirt.
with the new backers only site, i'm guessing a lot of the chit chat will move there, so i don't think the comments record is possible. (though i wonder how it compares if you add all the comments from the updates. most projects i've seen don't have 39+ updates.)
project eternity has 62,000. yipes.
ah, damn. well, it's only been a little over 3 months, and we've got about 6 left.
@ merah nah, not close. ouya has 28,000 and the broken sword project has over 37,000 and that's not even the most popular project i know of.
always so good to wake up and see a little red circle on a map and have my little "yes an update!" exciting time. @stephanie : don't know, but what i know is that now it's 20,000 :-)
@merah, what is the record?
i think we're going to beat the "most comments on a kickstarter project" record now, too.
are all the t-shirt surveys out? i haven't got one yet. $175 level.
i'm just very curious, which t-shirt did everyone decide to get?
anyone know where the fan party will be on july 19th?  i hope it will be a place that allows all ages.  my sister isn't quite 21 yet.
i think that they are handling everything as well as can be expected. i'm almost positive that the numbers they are working with are much larger than their original estimations. the important thing to keep in mind is that we will get our rewards and what we payed for--a movie! that fact alone has me jumping over the moon!
for those who are fretting getting the rewards, keep in mind: "a cnnmoney examination of the top 50 most-funded projects on kickstarter found that 84% missed their target delivery dates." http://money.cnn.com/2012/12/18/technology/innovation/kickstarter-ship-delay/index.html as long as rob and company can stay out of the "where the ^%$# is it!?" category, and they finish the movie before kristen starts shooting "house of lies", then i think everything will be ok.
welcome ivan
@tonia & lilly -- thanks. glad to be able to do it. @stephanie -- we're working as fast as we can to get the site prepped. we're hoping it'll be mid-week. more info soon!
hey rob! will amanda seyfried appear in the movie? greetings from brasil!
thanks for the update rob. awesome news and welcome ivan :) i'm glad you guys got help
@ rob thanks for the update and all your hard work :) @ ivan welcome aboard and thanks for helping rob :)
thanks for the update. and that is so awesome that you are actually getting somebody to just give us updates. makes us feel special that you are trying that hard to keep us updated! your the best! oh and congrats on the food guy knowing your name
thanks for the update, rob! can't wait for the private website!
well said judith, i think people think that just because some people have legitimate concerns about their rewards the movie isn't important to them. as long as its done in a respectful way i don't see a problem with addressing issues and questions you may have about your rewards when you don't understand what's going on.
well i'm with you on that one...but still, we get also other stuff and if there's excitement or problems with that, all that can be adressed as well and why not here? it said not to write mails that might not be necessary. so everyone, keep in perspective that this is all part of the moviemaking and every part is exciting, we can't spend all day thinking what might happen on set and deny the rewards or just order whatever is stupid. i'm against talking them bad - they are a bonus and a lot of effort went into making them, making 80000 people happy is just impossible, but pro talking and complimenting every aspect =).
@rob - thanks for your reply! great job on answering questions on here quickly! you are doing great - keep it up :) and i totally agree with @charlotte. a movie is ultimately what we want. we need to keep everything in perspective. the movie is what we raised money for, everything else is just an added bonus
i don't understand some comments. what's the most important for you? get your tshirts or the movie? easy guys, let's our rob alone. he need to focus for the movie ;)
hmm...for me, the sizes also look a bit weird - for the length, xs is fine, for the width between s and m and for the shoulders l...will probably stick with m and have them be a bit wider, and i'm glad that the survey already includes two shirts for me (hopefully not on cost of dvd and poster, but i'm pretty sure everything will be ok). yay, i also got it soon =d.
@emily & stephanie: separate survey for jason's signed headshots coming in july.
@stephanie - thank you! just wanted to make sure i didn't miss anything!
@emily, it seems that way. i got the deluxe and there was nothing about that. i think we will get a separate email or survey in the next couple of weeks. i think the first surveys were to get the general things (tshirts).
just to verify with everyone else... i purchased the logan lover package and in my survey there was no info on the personalized autograph... will that come in a later email?
hahaha i dont blame you. i thought maybe if you were an international backer the survey would have differed but i am sure ours were similar if not identical.
@elysia sorry i missed this question. i'm in the us. i sent them an email just to be sure i'm not going insane. lol
@elysia, i did. i double checked when i upped my pledge from 35 to 175. i may have gotten it yet didn't remember or if it's in a second survey? i'll be sure to send them an email just to be sure.
ashley did you pledge properly? a lot of people pledged a certain amount of money but didn't know to select the tier. could that have happened to you? scroll down this page and 175 should be highlighted and say "you selected" also what country are you in?
@ashley miller i did the 275 tier and in my survey it asked me if my dvd could read region 1 which is canada, us and bermuda. and if not to select the digital download instead. i think there was a 3rd option but not too sure. then under it, it said this is about the series only. that the movie dvd/blu ray and digital download survey would come later
i guess i will be patient and hope i didn't accidentally delete it..rut roh
we are supposed to have gotten a survey?? i didn't get anything :s
movie, huh?  am i right?
@lais, i couldn't have said it better myself. i know that some are frustrated about the surveys, t-shirts, etc., but kep it in perspective! we are finally getting the movie we've been craving for 6 years! have a bit of patience. i can't imagine the sheer number of varying questions that they are getting! i know we crave updates and information, because as backers, we are super-fans who want to know everything that's happening, but again, remember that these guys are in the process of shooting the movie that they have been wanting to make and that we want to see! have patience, as i am sure they will get back to you as soon as humanly possible! thank you, rob, for keeping us in the know as much as you can and for your unwavering tenacity on this project! p.s. definitely liking the idea of costumizing a 90909- neptune, ca shirt!
i can't even imagine trying to sort out over 90,000 different rewards (while shooting a movie!) i know some people are anxious for their shirts to use them during the sdcc, but even if it doesn't get in on time, you can always do some cool customization and rock a totally exclusive shirt! personally, i'm dying to make one that says 09er or 90909 - neptune, ca!
@robthomas thanks for the info rob! and thank you for taking the time to reply to me and all the other backers asking questions! keep up the good work buddy! i can't wait to return to neptune! :)
i think my survey got deleted by mistake! how can i get a new survey sent out? thank you!
@rob thomas: thanks for taking the time to read and reply to the comments here! and yes, that's really good news. :-) maybe they should include that in their "we got your message and will look into your issue"-reply?
@ben: thanks for the kind words. that's the catch-22: we tried to request a 48-hour deadline so that we'd get the orders fast enough to get started making the shirts, so that we could have them ready to send out sooner. but if we wait longer for people to give their information, we also wait longer to start printing. we're still trying to find a balance that keeps as many backers satisfied as we can. and we'll have more news on sdcc in the next day or so.
@robthomas just to let you know how awesome you are! thank you for keeping us all updated! is there an estimated time, it'll take to get tshirts to get delivered. would  be cool to get it before sdcc (talking of which, i hope the panel is formally announced soon, all the tv shows are getting announced lately). keep up the good work rob, hope you've had fun filming this week and i can't wait to (hopefully) meet you at sdcc! :)
@starrox, alex, julia: the bad news is that the wb customer service team is having trouble keeping up with the volume of questions that have come in. the good news is, this won't count against the 48 hour response requested on the surveys. i know this is frustrating, and it worries us just as much as it frustrates you. please stick with us. we'll get this all worked out for you.
...same problem here, starrox, julia. i emailed them as i needed clarification with a particular issue, and still nothing has come back from them. it's very frustrating on our end, regardless of the many valid reasons they may have for their oversight in this manner.
@starrox i completely agree. i sent them an email on tuesday, with a second on thursday begging for response shortly before my 48 hours were up, but i didn't hear anything back until yesterday (saturday). i understand that they are swamped with emails, but it's the only advice we are given when something is wrong, despite our very limited timeframe to fill out the surveys. i think a better system would have been to have a separate email address for questions about surveys, specifically, that they would agree to respond to in some fashion within 48 hours, rather than the questions just going to the general email address.
@millie g as far as i know it will be a number of other survies coming through for the other items.
how long did it take for everyone else to get a real reply from the customer service team? it took them about 36 hours to even acknowledge getting my email regarding a link to the wrong survey (us instead of europe), but i'm still waiting for a link to a survey i can actually use. and, of course, my 48 hours to fill out the survey were already over by the time i got that non-reply... :-( seriously, if you give people a specific time frame to fill out the survey, you should at least be able to help them within that same time frame!
james franco has a project on indiegogo. http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/palo-alto-stories-by-james-franco
im going through songs just picking my faves for my love playlist any thoughts/ suggestions? i kinda like this one :) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i guess fat fans are just out of luck. don't even rate a reply.
@elysia i also ordered the seasons at the 175 tier but i don't remember questions about the regions? i'm also curious (since i'm out of town visiting family) if it'll be a surprise when things come or if they'll be some kind of tracking system or email saying 'so and so shipped'?
@kristy in mine (because i ordered the seasons of vm) it said that my questions were only abot the seasons not the movie. that they will contact us later about the movie. this survey is just for the stuff like tshirts and stickers and stuff
i definitely need a larger ladies size than is being offered. i hate to buy a guy's 2x because i know i'll never wear it (i hate the way boy shirts feel), but the ladies xl will not fit. i guess i'll wait to fill out my survey and get my shirt late, in the hope that they add more size options?
probably a silly question but for the t-shirts is it better to measure another t-shirt you wear or to measure yourself...coming up with a big difference when i do and i want to get one that fits.
@l well the width was right for a size l and but the length was about 1 inch shorter than what the vm tshirts are. however, that was a new t shirt i've bought for sdcc that i measured, so they may shrink a little in the wash! i think l was the right way to go (better to be safe than sorry). i'm just so happy to be owning those fine vm t-shirts! added bonus if they arive before sdcc! :)
hi i finished my survey for my t-shirt etc, but it didn't mention anything about the digital download or dvd of the film. was this the same for everyone else?
finished the survey for my t-shirt ! :d
@michele, i imagine it's more a case of the series having gone out of production in many places where they'd offer a non region 1 dvds (such as the uk) so probably the series dvds are being sent from the us whereas the film itself will have some form of global release as a dvd at least. that doesn't make it any less frustrating for people who pledged expecting a dvd suited for their region of course.
@ashley jones in the survey they clearly say that if your reader cannot play region 1 dvd you should choose the digital tier. the issue is that that option shouldn't even be there and the dvd in the correct region should be provided. why change that after people pledge? why make different region for the movie (for same sick market rules that ruin everything) and then give region 1 dvd for the seasons without correctly advertise that?
i guess going l and using ultra hot water and drier on max heat may have been safer. maybe have to stick to cold water and air dry with the m.
@ben - darn, so you actually did measure out 22"x30" for your current l t-shirts? i tried so many ways but could never get above 21x29" and most were a hint over 20"x28" or so. maybe mine have just all shrunken a lot? i thought they said these will be some sort of cotton/polyester blend, that doesn't shrink though like 100% cotton does it? ah whatever, if i go around like simon cowell now then so be it hah.
so i just measured another of my tshitrst and the measurements are actually correct. panic over! size l it is! :)
got my survey! i'm having the same thoughts as @l though! i'm in the uk and i usually buy size large t shirts (as i'm tall) but these sizes are percurliar. they do seem a but on the large side. i guess we have to take in to account the possibility of shrinkage through being washed! don't know wether to go for m or play it safe and get l.
have to admit i did a little happy dance when i got my survey last night! can't wait to start getting these goodies. :)
@craigmastro84
@isabelle: me too! :)
for those with questions about personalize messages rob tweete this in reply to someone https://twitter.com/robthomas/status/348260202929344512 and the veronica mars movie account tweeted this https://twitter.com/veronicamars/status/348319103645253632 about the autograph posters & stuff https://twitter.com/veronicamars/status/348211128272297988 about set updates https://twitter.com/robthomas/status/348283731053793280
i'm in the same situation as karlee. received survery as eu backer but want to chose us t-shirts shipped to us address. is there anyway to change this?
just sent through my survey, looking forward to my shirt and stickers!
just filled out my survey, got the right one and it was pretty easy ordering the second shirt. one happy marshmallow right here :)
@claudia, if you pledged for the digital download you're definitely going to get it at some point and will no doubt hear more about it once we're closer to the film's release. if you scroll down you'll find a response from rob stating that: "not all of the rewards are listed in the survey. don't worry, you'll still get all of your rewards!"
survey completed and submitted! yeah!
yaya just filled out my survey, chose to go for 'miniblinds' i like the darker colouring. so pleased to be a part of this :d
unless they have changed them (which i can't imagine), the old dvds used to actually be region-free, but listed as region one.  my dvds (from when they were first out) work fine on uk dvd players.
have the same thing as @millie g. i'm in the netherlands, received my survey this morning but the digital download wasn't mentioned in it. hope that it is included because it was one of the main reasons to get to that tier. thanks.
got my survey $50 backer from ausrtralia  :)
same as isabelle :)
i'm in france and pledged at the $50 tier, and i just got my survey. i always thought i'd get the california noir t-shirt, but in the end i went for the mini-blinds design, thinking it would be easy to wear.
seasons dvds are region 1 only. never mentioned anywhere. they offer digital download instead, which is not the same thing. i would have liked more clarity on that. why would someone want the movie in its region (still don't understand why not make it regionfree) and the season in a specific region he might won't be able to play.
got mine and everything was correct. can't wait !
received survey here in canada about 7 hours ago and completed.
@karina: i'm in australia and i received my survey this morning. nothing was mentioned about the digital version of the movie ($35 pledge) in my survey but i'm assuming that more info on that will come later.
stephanie iadeluca, i had the exact same problem as you. i live in canada, but received the us survey and can't choose canada as my country. i emailed them last night, but didn't receive a response :(
surveys done!
rob, in that weekend update, i implore you good sir to please give us confirmation on ken/vinnie, either one way or the other. if hes not in it, just rip off the band aid. ;)
i got an eu shirt survey, but my shirt should be shipped to the us.  anyone else have this issue?
actually a few of my l are 21" x 29" but many are 20-20.5" x 27-28". i wonder if they shrunk down from closer to 22x30"??
does anyone think the sizes seem to be running pretty large? it says that the men's large is 22" wide, but i can't find a single one in my possession of size l that is wider than 20.5" and none of them are remotely close to 30" long (quite a few even measure shorter than the s's 28"). normally i'd get l for sure, but these sound like they are running super large compared to how much t-shirts are sized these days?
i have the same problem, stephanie iadeluca. :-( i really won't be happy if i miss out on the first batch of t-shirts etc. because of this!
shame it only had veronica mars seasons 1-3 for region 1 and the other was digital on itunes. well at least i get to watch all 3 seasons.
cannot wait to get both my t-shirts. they both looked really cool.
got my survey about an hour ago. done and submitted, so exciting.
survey received! also ordered both shirts, couldn't choose :)
so happy right now. just filled in my survey and can't wait for the movie :)
survey received and sent back. both shirts ordered, very happy now :)
does anyone else find the sizing if the ladies tshirts off??? specifically the xl
just got my survey! i gave in and ordered a second t-shirt. what a great way to start my weekend!
wow rob is responding to comments while the filming takes place.  i wonder when he sleeps!
i got both mine, one for level 25 and other for 275.
that face was supposed to be sad. not happy lol :(
for those of you who received a survey, did yours begin with "hello, us backer!"? because i live in canada and i can't fill out and send my survey because it's assuming i'm american. when it asks "* 5. what country is your shipping address in?" i only have the option to choose united states. did anyone else have this problem? i was all ready to fill out and send my survey the moment i received it, but because of this issue i had to email the customer support email address, and unfortunately have not heard back from anyone. so now i've most likely lost out on that 48-hour window and will have to wait even longer to receive my rewards :)
just finished filling out my survey yay!!
hi folks, haven't posted in a while. when i first posted i had only caught a few episodes, so although i knew that i liked the show i wasn't in love with it. i pledged because i wanted to be a part of a community that loved a show so much that they paid to bring it back, be a part of history. then i bought the seasons on ebay, and watched & watched. now i love it, i mean really love it, i really see why you've fought so hard. i've still got to finish season 3 which i'm 7 episodes into. (only gripe, not keen on the new theme music. much prefer the original) and i finally have answers to some of the big mysteries lily's killer and who caused the bus crash. sorry to make this all about me for a minute, just wanted you guys to know that becoming part of this community was one of the best decisions i made. still awaiting my survey, but won't panic till rob tells us :)
@robthomas did you see they now make a cell phone case stun gun now. this would make an awesome addition to veronica's arsenal.
just saw kyle gallner on a rerun of law and order: svu. rip cassidy (sorta)
i had such a difficult time deciding on a shirt design!  i wish that i could have afforded another shirt, but i am just too excited about being able to get one.  yay!!  i am so glad that i filled out the survey.  it made it all feel so *real*!
thanks rob can't wait :)
no survey for the $200 pledge yet (belgium). still 91k surveys is a lot of emails, guess they go in batches.
somewhere in california, magic is being made.  ty, rob thomas and team, for letting me be a part of it!  survey filled out, extra t ordered and paid for, loving the email updates, cheering you on (and sending cosmic energy to help with production exhaustion) from massachusetts!
yes sharon! this first week of production must be exhausting! so much adrenaline, so much fan interest, so much work to be done.  tumblr is also a great place to keep tabs on stuff in addition to twitter and instagram. thanks to rob and team.  we are eager, excited and appreciative!
in australia too. no survey as yet.
i pledged at the $275 level and i received my survey last night around 8 est
@rob thanks for all the timely feedback here in the comments section! to everyone else, rob and company have more than held up their side of the bargain... there have been plenty of behind the scenes goodies on other social media sites!  they have definitely kept me giddy and satiated. :) plus, other members have posted links down below. let's keep things positive and feel grateful that filming and rewards are both underway! ;)
@tarasis: you'll find some photos from this week on facebook, twitter and instagram, but i'll get a longer update out to backers this weekend.
i pledged at the $750 level (la premier) and received my survey late yesterday. =)
hey has anyone else who pledged from australia recieved a survey yet? i have not! :(
i pledged at the $35 level and haven't received the survey yet. so you shouldn't worry. rob said he will tell us when all surveys have gone out. until then, don't panic!!! :d
anyone at the $275 level received the survey yet?
cool things are happening and moving forward. kinda sad there has been an update about the filming, or even official photo from the first day.
@ sharon surveys are going out in batches. i'm assuming that many at all pledge levels (like myself) haven't received their t-shirt surveys, but they will come eventually. it's not a race. here's the relevant part from rob's update: >>>2. surveys will be sent out over the next week. for a number of complicated and technical reasons, we can’t send all of the surveys at once. surveys will start going out today, but more will go out each day for the next week. when all of the surveys have been sent out, i will tell you. until i tell you otherwise, please do not worry. <<<
i pledged at the $150 level and no survey yet. i see the $250 people have got surveys, so if the surveys are being sent out by increasing pledge level, it missed me. and i did check the spam folder. :-(
@ allyson this survey was basically to get your mailing address, verify email and your tshirt choice and size. at the top of the survey it stated what this survey was for. for now its the t-shirt, stickers and where the pdf of script will go. everything else will come in other emails/surveys and a later date.
@ allyson.  i filled out my survey too and it didn't say anything about the dvd's either but i think i read somewhere that they didn't list everything out on the survey. does anyone know how these items are shipped?  is it via ups, fed ex or usps?
i pledged $175 for the three seasons of veronica mars, when it said to update for the 2nd shirt , i pledged an extra $25 for the second shirt...how do i get an updated survey with my veronica mars 3 seasons on dvd ?
filled out my survey today! finally feeling real!
2014 can't come fast enough. oh well, i guess i shall have to endure with my second-favorite shows, once upon a time and covert affairs. especially since covert affairs finally brought their two leads (a stunning christopher gorham playing a blind cia handler and a serious but killer piper perabo as the agent) together in a super tender moment in the final moments of last season's finale. it will tide me over until veronica returns (not dating piz, not with piz, please not with piz)
thanks rob, i emailed them as well and figure they will be inundated with questions anyway, no rush, just figured other people may have the same problem!
(i sent an email to the poor inundated customer service people as well.)
this is so exciting!  i just filled out my survey!  unfortunately, it didn't have a space for comments, because i need to let you know that my mailing address is correct, even though it might be bounced back by automated address checkers and it looks weird.  i live in a us town with a messed-up mail system. i'm so excited!!
i'm really disappointed in the response time for the customer service email address. if we are given 48 hours to respond to the survey, they should be able to answer questions regarding the surveys within 48 hours. i just submitted my survey without a response and will likely be left without the ability to receive my t-shirt at the address i was given no choice but to provide.
so excited just received and finished filling out my survey from the $250 level (plus the extra $25 for 2 shirts). for anyone having issues with having paid $25 extra for 2 shirts at the beginning of my survey it told me that my pledge was eligible for 2 shirts. so at the end where you pick the shirt style and size there was automatically 2 there. so if your having problems maybe it wasn't done right when you pledged??? i hope you all get it fixed :)
i'm so excited to eventually get my rewards but i hope the customs charges aren't too bad (i live in the uk)... that would just be depressing :(
i just recieved my survey seemed legit and led me right back here :) *dancing like a fool!
nv. thank you, rob for clarifying already.
is the link that just went out about the surveys legit? why aren't they using kickstarter and instead an external site?
just wanted to pop in here and say i just got my survey yesterday for the $50 tier... so it looks like they are sending the surveys out slowly but surely:)
@ wendy & rob: hmm, weird that, as tons of people (including me) will have paid to get both shirts, that has to be taken care off with an extra email. it must be more common than people just paying more just now, and i really find it kind of surprising to not consider that in the survey even more when stated so earlier. this has to really slow down things again...i hope it will be icluded in the survey when i get mine, but i doubt that it will be a different one =|. well, still great that the survey day finally arrived or is at least near.
@ joanna i wouldn't worry about it yet, they started a few days ago and i imagine it takes some time to get them all out ;) @ lisa maybe they are also sending them out in order people backed this project. that would least explain why i haven't gotten mine yet. i backed towards the end of the funding period.
@ joanna me neither but i'm from france so i thought it might take some more time ??
@agnetha,   thanks.... ive read so many comments of people receiving theirs and already sending them back, i thought i'd check.
@ joanna you're not the only one who didn't receive their survey yet (of the 50 pledge). i'm still waiting for mine.
just checking that there are others at the $50 pledge level who haven't received their survey yet?
@rob. just wanted to send you some squishy hugs. can't imagine the headache you have right now with all of this tier/survey hoopla!!
is there going to be another survey when the dvds come out? i'm not sure if i will be at the same address then.
@wendy: let customer service know via email. they'll take care of it for you. @jason: you have no idea. we're not complaining, mind you, but you have no idea.
i guess having the largest backed kickstarter ever comes with its own set of problems. :p
i want to know what happens if we don't fill out the survey within 48 hours. i got mine, but i have a question and sent it to the email address provided, but i haven't heard back, yet. i don't want to submit it with the wrong information.
i got my survey today, but for the wrong country. :( i'm not living in the us right now and i added the $10 for international shipping when more countries were added. hope i can get a link to the correct survey soon. i emailed the info@vm email, but i wanted to post here as well, just in case. yeah, i'm a bit excited to getting that done and being one step closer to getting my shirts. ><
i upped it as per this faq update: "just add an extra $25 (usa) or $35 (international) to any pledge above $25, and we'll be able to send you one of each!"...when we get in touch to collect your size and design preferences, you'll be able to let us know if you contributed extra and would like both t-shirts." unless i'm reading the survey wrong, it doesn't give an option to state that you already paid as the updates suggest it would, but rather asks if you would like to purchase a second t-shirt. i don't want to purchase one, but i would like to choose one - if i check no, then i imagine i won't be able to choose a second, but i don't want to choose yes and then have the order cancelled when i don't make a second payment.
well what tier did you pledge for and how much total did you pledge and did you remember to include shipping if you dont live in the us?
forgive me for my confusion, the survey gives me the option to purchase a second shirt, but i already upped my donation to get the second shirt during the campaign when it first came up - where is the option to get my second shirt that i've already paid for? the survey states that "if your payment is not made by june 28, only your first shirt choice will be shipped. all unpaid orders for additional shirts will be canceled at that time." how do we make it clear that we already paid?
is there any chance that veronica mars seasons 1 - 3 will be released on blu-ray anytime soon?
thanks rob
great thanks for responding  so quickly
@jeff: the survey from research.net is legit, i promise. @nora: not all of the rewards are listed in the survey. don't worry, you'll still get all of your rewards!
same nora???
ah i guess it is legit ok.
is this survey email from research.net legit?
my survey doesn't mention about receiving the physical copy of the dvd
i have a question : was christine lakin officially announced? i see her name in many articles, but there wasn't an update about her specifically, was it?
@joseph.he has been telling everybody lol thats like the 4th article now hahahaha i wonder if he wasn't supposed to though? cause a lot of people have been asking for him and you figure rob wouldve announced it
max greenfield says he's. back to ew http://insidetv.ew.com/2013/06/19/max-greenfield-veronica-mars-movie/
@rob : i have a biiiiiig idea to bring back beaver! you could say he had a jetpack when he jump from the building! so he never died! it could be amaaaaaazing!  it's so clever, so i'm sure you'll use my idea in the movie, thanks, from the heart: thanks!
one of the t-shirt options should have just been a mars investigations logo on the front.
@rebecca- i hope it is a spoiler slip :) she was great as carrie bishop! but who knows...i cross my fingers....and am extatic about all the other returning characters!
anybody notice that the daily mail article said leighton meester was going to be in the film? is this a presumption on the part of an over enthused journalist, or a spoiler slip??
any chance we can get the eu version of t-shirts outside of eu? i personally love the eu version of california noir more than the normal version. mars investigations on the back instead is a really nice touch. :)
glad to see i'm not the only one hoping for larger t-shirt sizes. hope the xxl is good enough, but i'm not sure cause of the sizing chart.
poor rob, that was singularly.... well hopefully singular.
finally done with my 5(?)-day vm marathon and finished the series. well, as much as it ever got "finished" - gotta hate good shows getting cancelled! in any case, now to wait for the movie!
any chance of larger t-shirt sizes? i need a 5x and i'm willing to pay more for it. i selected the 2x on my survey, but that will only fit on my head.(maybe)
just got my survey (thanks!!) - sad to see that the tshirts go up to xxl only :( was hoping to see options for the heftier sizes. do love the designs, though!
stephanie, i doubt that is krysten ritter, she looks similar but it's someone else...
omfg stephanie thanks!!!
here are more pics from the night shoot! you can see kb, jd and krysten ritter filming :) http://imnotobsessed.com/2013/06/18/kristen-bell-case-veronica-mars-movie/kristen-bell-films-late-night-scenes-for-veronica-mars-5/#
ahhh thanks for the link!!!
pics from the movie shoot!!!!!  so excited!!! http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2343805/kristen-bell-commences-filming-fan-funded-tv-classic-veronica-mars-big-screen-update.html
can't wait to watch this movie. it's going to be awesome.
ahhh, all these pictures from set cropping up :d it's real you guys, it's really real!!! :d
love the shirt designs but kinda disappointed in the sizing, i'm a big girl and wondering if the xxl in men's is even going to fit....anyone else....maybe if there are enough they will add larger sizes. it just sucks they have the smallest but limited in bigger. big disappointment!
@lais, just so you know if you really want to, when the surveys go out you'll have the option to up your pledge and buy a second shirt.
went through a serious withdrawal when the series finished. if i had more money i would have given more! i'm just so proud to have contributed to this movie being made. as much as it is rob, kristen and the cast's triumph, it really feels like mine too!
just wanted to say....you guys are awesome!
i pledged for my vm movie to be made...and it started filming today! crazy! so awesomely weird after all these years.  rewards are cool, but deffff here for my movie.
urgh, i had my heart set on california noir, i didn't like the miniblinds original version at all, but now it's so perfect and cute! now i want them both! shoot!
i like both shirts now at first i only like the cn but now with the new changes i love them both!
@julia, thanks. that is what i was thinking. definitely want to make sure that i get the right size! the shirts are amazing!
@stephanie that's usually what i do, one size up for ladies, but i would suggest just measuring a t-shirt that fits well to make sure.
trying to figure out the sizing. i mean i know how to measure, i just want to make sure that i am looking at everything correctly. can someone tell me whether these look like they are going to run true to size, or as i look at it run a bit small (at least for women). i usually wear a large (and usually just get a large in reg. tshirts), but i'm thinking i'm going to need an xl in the ladies. thoughts?
hmmm might stop looking at the vm kickstarter board comments and just look at the casts twitter pages, really tired of the complaints:/ peace out!
everyone: remember there are over 77,000 of us getting t-shirts. there is no possible way we'll all be completely and utterly happy with the designs. that being said, i strongly believe it really is just a bonus to getting the movie. and rob and team have put in so much work trying to make people happy.
i like our tshirt better. im not fond of the logo so i love it says veronica mars. but emailing them wont help. surveys are being sent out. so shirts will be ordered that way and it did say it was the final design
is anyone else disappointed that the shirts for the us and eu are different? eu shirts get a mars investigations logo and us shirts just say "veronica mars kickstarter backer" i'd much rather the logo. i sent them an email and asked if americans can have logo shirts too. :\
how cute is kristen on her first day of shooting:  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bm_okruciaaq01a.jpg:large
hi, the tee-shirt designs look great. i was wondering if you accidentally linked to the wrong sizing chart.  i don't know about the men's. but women if you think about your bra size, will your chest fit in a tee shirt 19.5 inches wide, because that's the extra large.
i just got my survey and filled it out, glad to have been one of the first to receive it!! can't wait!!thank you!!!!!!!!
amen tonia.  i gave so that the movie would be made.  anything else is just a plus and for anyone else to try to say that they gave money because they wanted to have a specific tee shirt is just bs.
well said @tonia
for myself i am excited to receive all my rewards, however if it takes two days or two years to get or even if my t-shirt comes with nothing on it i couldn't care less!!! i donated to this movie for nothing more then my love of the show and wanting to see my favorite characters again!!! so my money is to help get the movie finally made and anything else is just icing on the cake! so rob i am sorry if people are being picky and giving you a hard time. thanks again for bringing veronica back :)
david, get real.
the t-shirt design for the blinds in the survey is not nearly as nice as the one in the campaign.  that is the one i pledged for, and would like.
saw the t-shirt designs for eu. very nice.
love the new update. can't wait to wear the t shirts!! thanks rob, hope everyone is having a great time on set.
can't believe that the day is here! woohoo, marshmallows! rob, kb, the cast, and us--we never gave up and it's finally here, veronica mars is back!
so everyone look at this article.  pay close attention to number 3!  max greenfield is in to play leo!!! http://www.tvguide.com/news/kecks-exclusives-max-greenfield-summer-1066695.aspx
yay! today is here finally ! first day!!! congrats and good luck! can't wait to hear more updates :)
missing characters so far : - any kane family member ! (including lily dreams) - "sheriff" viny van lowe - principal clemmons not having at least 3 characters on those listed would be a major miss :-(
so i know you're a good few (or 8 or 9) hours ahead but good luck with the shoot today. can't believe filming will actually begin, aaaah! also, that's amazing about more casting news...:d at least one new character ten, that sounds interesting... and at least one old one...? vinnie v l, carrie bishop, leo d'amato, mr clemmons, carmen or who? couldn't they all be out of work and ready to pop by for five minutes or so...? :p not to worry about surveys; good things are worth the wait :)
awesome! thanks for the update, rob!
two quick updates: 1. there will still be a few more casting announcements. at least one of them should be a returning character. 2. we ran into a few more hurdles with surveys, but we expect to start sending out surveys for t-shirts tomorrow, so you should receive your survey within the next week.
still nothing :'(
hope we get the info on t-shirts soon.  want to have them for comic con.
that makes all of us caitlyn. ;)
waiting waiting for another update
can't believe this is it. they start shooting tomorrow. :)
love the updates, rob! i am thrilled to be part of this and excited to see the original case loves this project as much as the fans do.
will there be another announcement or is this it? the cast looks fantastic, i only miss vinnie van lowe? any chance he'll join the cast?
leo and vinnie. leo and vinnie. as much as i loved susan knight in her 2-second appearance, i prefer semi-regular cast members :p also, i'm excited sean is back. echoll's family christmas is one of my faves.
leo please leo rob :))))) thank you.
@matthew, rob said a few days ago that the surveys are coming out in order of donation amount, starting with the smallest amount and up. so depending on your donation amount anytime now within a couple weeks you should see your survey. i hope that helps ya.
whats going on with the tshirts?
i love the story of how max (leo) called rob when he found out about the kickstarter and told him he would fly himself to the set and work for next to nothing just to be a part of it.
anyone know if they sent out an email for t-shirt sizes yet?  i'm so hoping i didn't miss it...
also, if max greenfield is not in this movie i will probably cry myself to sleep because i love him but i hate douchy schmidt and just want sweet, unassuming leo to come back, pretty please with sugar on top?
alright rob, i'm ready for the vinny announcement.
yes, aidan. he was the 2nd confirmation after kb :)
has jason dohring been confirmed as part of the cast yet?
just wanted to welcome back all the cast members that help make vm so great can't wait to see all on the big screen.
i guess the "i want dick!" chant worked.  who knew we would all be so happy to get dick?
definitely worth the wait for ryan's announcement. loved the fake out with the handheld camera. was like an optical illusion. still hoping there will be some surprise cameos that will be kept under wraps (max greenfield, ken marino).
i'm so psyched about everyone who is signed on, and ryan is the best, most amazing kind of nut, but is this the end of the cast announcements? i can't help holding out hope for some vinnie van lowe; hopefully, ken marino is the best kept secret of the movie!
rob, after that delightful spectacle, i hope you have some great lines ready for dick.
that video made dick worth the wait.
(also, i would watch a 3-hour long veronica mars movie... just so rob thomas knows! ;d)
@kate they would be awesome additions! i guess with this show we were so lucky that you could call everybody back, but then it would have to be a 3-hour long movie!
max greenfield and ken marino are all i could wish for at this point.
ok, so now we know why they took so long to announce ryan! :) amazeballs! also, i think i would pay 5 million just to see that! who knew he could dance? super talented cast...  i'm fangirling, it's april 13 all over again!
wow. all the videos so far have been fabulous and heartwarming. but wow. that was awesomesauce. welcome back, ryan. cast and crew - can there be a better start to this production? the movie will be amazing, but i'm already having so much fun it almost doesn't matter. almost.
absolutely, kate!
so i think we can all agree that ryan hansen's video is pretty much the greatest thing ever.
i am in marshmallow heaven!! weevil, wallace, mac, papa mars and gia... all my faves back in action. now, i was never the biggest fan of dick's character...but wow!! youtube video has me feelin' some major dick casablanca love!! amazing! this kickstarter was the best thing i ever contributed too and rob and the cast are sure making my contribution feel valued!! love the updates..i look forward to reading each one!
i'm actually hoping that piz plays the pop star girlfriend, but that's a best case scenario.
best video ever - dick!
dick! that's all i have to say!
i have to say that of all the ks projects i've backed this is the most entertaining to follow as rob and all the cast are really making the effort to keep all of the veronica mars fans a part of the entire process.  keep up great work.
i'm about to start my marathon for over the summer, and i am very excited that i can now finish the show knowing there is still more to come! i stopped watching halfway through the third season (i started watching way after the show was canceled so i watched on netflix) because i knew it was over and didn't end the way i wanted. now i can watch the whole thing! yay!
who will play the "pop star" girlfriend? a real pop star? katy perry?
i love that all the characters are coming back. major or minor characters it doesn't matter they all made the show and i'm glad they are all they coming back :)
one thing is that the show makes me want to grab my dust-gathering camera and grab some pics, but despite the urge there's always the problem of lacking interesting subjects... heheh :) gotta say, in the... was it the second episode where veronica talked about preferring to use her own camera and the whole "monologue" that followed made me smile :) raw photos for the win! especially as the camera (non-slr) she uses in some episodes appears to be almost the same as one i had in '03 or so briefly.
teppo, just wait it gets better! season one is a roller coaster ride, and you have barely just hit some of the big twists coming your way! have fun!
finally watching the series here, 13 episodes in so far. it's quite good indeed, though also different than i expected - didn't know it was a high school thing. not that it matters! regretting not pledging more than the $1 now, but was a bit tight on the budget that month and not having yet seen the series... oh well. i guess the most important thing is that it's indeed bein made now! but seems i'll have to wait longer to see it.
please make israel an option. please!!
the ryan announcement (or lack thereof) is making me nervous, too. i know he is doing a lot of stuff, but so are tina, kb, and krysten. i figure if they can make it work, then so can he! maybe they are saving him for last?!? but, come on, the fans love dick! i really would love the cast announcement of him and ken marino at the same time, if they are both in the movie, with a video of the two of them. they are so good together in party down and burning love!
i'm getting anxious where is the ryan hansen's cast announcement!  he was part of the teaser he has to be in it =( even though he was jerk i still loved his interactions with veronica.  please do not forget dick casablanca's.
im having a v-mars marathon soon ♥
i'm just finishing up s2 again so i didn't quite get to that part again yet to refresh my memory as to just how definitive or not they left it.
we need dick casablancas back !  ryan hansen please join us soon .
tony - no, by kendall, i meant charisma carpenter as kendall casablancas. (actually, i don't recall that they ever truly verified that she had been killed though, i thought that they clearly implied and yet didn't really seem to make it definitive as they did for almost everyone else, so she might be able to return). yeah, lynn echolls would make for quite a surprise return though (if they kept the casting as under wraps as much as possible and you were to be careful to avoid following the vm movie goings on too much).
tony- kendall was presumably left for dead at the beginning of season 3. shot by a fitzpatrick brother.
l- i think you mean lynn echolls, not kendall, right? or did i miss something in the show?
leo, vinnie & dick please!!!
wonder if we will get dick, parker, leo, gia, trina, carrie and jenny today? not too much to ask for in a day, i think. too bad kendall, meg and lamb are gone (but they could be ghosts with lilly and obi-wan or listen to the studio and go all ghost cast to get in on the whole undead craze).
anyone interested unseeing any of the kane's again?
i'm loving these updates and suddenly it occurred to me... where are the women? the ratio is not close. lol. hopefully we'll get tish, the mayor's daughter, parker, alyson hannigan, mrs kane, leanne mars, popsicle chick (carmen?)... not paris hilton.
this is the news i've been waiting for! i love, love, love tina! and her character mac! by far my favorite character on the show besides miss mars herself. soooo excited for this movie!!
all i want now is vinnie and dick. vinnie was a great character. and when dick was in two broke girls i got all warm and fuzzy to see him again. i am so excited!! but even if they arent in it i am ok with that. rob has done a great job getting so many people back that if some cant i understand. youve been working hard rob and we appreciate it!
let's hope next update is about dick!!
i really love all these updates! every day right after i wake up i check the site and find more exciting news. thank you rob!!!
and thanks rob for keeping us uptodate even with how busy you must be, we really appreciate it and it's really fun for us to be a part of this process. however, there is just one thing and i'm gonna say it... where is dick?????
i saw stoned and got excited. where is dick???
hopefully we also get krysten ritter... i just noticed her twitter around the time of this kickstarter thing and she seemed pretty excited over it. i hope she gets to talk logan to death in the movie... hahaha
mac was one of my favorite supporting characters on vm.  this is wonderful news!
so now that mac is back i'm good to go but if leo and vinnie showed up that would be the cherry on my marshmallow sundae for dinner,
i really hope they cast an actress to play shelly pomroy.
you gotta get vinnie van lowe back in the mix!
looking forward to hitting up the 09'er club on june 27th!
so happy tina is back... i loved seeing her on true blood but will be happier to see her reprise her role as mac :-)
thanks for update #34 rob! so excited for mac to join the cast ;). best birthday present today!
am i the only one who wouldn't be opposed to a little "jackie love". don't know how he's write her in, but i'm re-watching season 2 right now...
brilliant that tina majorino is coming back as mac - wonderful news indeed. in my mind there cannot be a veronica mars without mac.
nancy lol weevil has been announced already
is hoping mr. clemons comes back as well, because i am dying to find out where he keeps all his passwords now.
it will be great to see mac again!  of course that's only until veronica discovers that she's secretly "anonymous" and veronica will be tasked to bring her in! (though she won't - she'll just let her go with a warning and a promise of future double-espresso americanos..... ;))
@robthomas thanks!  the rabid fans love the daily updates.
mac, weevil, wallace... my dream casting bingo is almost complete now... vinnie would be awesome. dick is probably a given since ryan was in the video. i would love to see clemmons as well. and maybe some of the neptune high teachers? this is going to be awesome guys.
@tui & @anne, yup, i'm also keeping my fingers crossed for leo, dick and vinnie! :d ooh, and mr clemmons, that would be fun...
wooooohoo, welcome aboard tina! mac has always been my favourite character on the show and i'm so happy to have her in the movie. :)
i'm so happy mac will be in the movie. can't wait to find out who's next. hopefully leo will make it :)
yes! the best yet! mac was always my favorite!
now we need dick and vinnie. i'd also be happy to see alicia fennel, trina, duncan, lily junior, jake and celeste kane, lianne mars, harmony chase, clarence wiedman, principal clemmons, detective leo, sacs, and jackie.
we haven't had any news on dick yet have we?
so glad tina is on board, it would have not been the same without mac.  i'm a very happy bunny now :-)
all the main cast is back together and i'm super happy and hyped. can't wait till they start filming next week! everyone else will be just extras to me.
@nancy marrapese-burrell - weevil was casted in update #31... did you not see the update? he even did a video on youtube... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
where is weevil? i want weevil!
"why don't i have a cell phone interceptor?" "please, respect the business model, veronica. i do the gadgets. you do the actual espionage." - veronica and mac
i'm so stoked tina is back!! mac was one of my favourite characters! i'm so excited to see the movie, it's shaping up to be amazing!
yay! mac attack is back! i remember watching bones saying, "if veronica can't make it to the fbi, mac would." and she did.  and it broke my heart.  but now tina is confirmed, i can say all the people i wanted back in neptune has come home.  this is going to be one heck of a reunion.
i'm so happy mac is back lol veronica needs her female pal yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i was waiting for this update :d
tina! best news yet!!!
welcome back to neptune, mac!
let's make #wewantdick a trending topic
patiently waiting for next update is getting hard....hoping to hear mac, vinnie, and dick are returning.
i'll second the please be ryan chant!!!
please be ryan. please be ryan. please be ryan.
just because you gave us two updates yesterday doesn't mean your off the hook for a casting update today, rob! ;)
super excited about the casting news that we've gotten this week (still waiting for ken, ryan, and tina along with everyone else haha). i'm also really hoping for a principal clemons sighting at the reunion! anyways, for those of you who are fans of folk/indie/rockabilly type music there is an awesome band out of philly called toy soldiers who just started a kickstarter to aid in the release of their newest album. i've seen them live multiple times and they're quite talented. plus its only $5 for a digital download of the album! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1572088501/toy-soldiers-the-maybe-boys
it's cool that they're digging deep with the casting.  http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/live-feed/veronica-mars-movie-books-christine-565698
welcome back daran ! im realy loocking forward to see you and rico giggle like two schoolgirls on the "behind the scene" documentary ;d
i will also +1 the calls for vinnie & dick & mac.  really really hope they'll be a part of the film.
rob, it's super cool that you reached out to the more minor characters and not just the big ones. having sam huntington back is a special treat (at least for me) i think he's awesome sauce (i like jungle 2 jungle, no judging)
fingers crossed that the irreplaceable ken marino, ryan hansen and tina majorino will be back. surprised ryan has not been attached to the project yet, as all the other "video stars" are. his wikipedia page credits him as starring in the movie. also, would be mildly cool if leighton meester returned.
@robthomas i know sdcc details will be given out soon but i was wondering if you'll be at the wb signing booth all 4 days (and maybe even preview night) of comic con? i'd hate to miss you guys due to being in hall h. or how about kickstarter backers being allowed straight in to the signing booth (no raffle needed), you could send an e-mail or something that we present. still hoping i get in to the sdcc fan event! :s
am super excited by all the casting announcements.... but am getting nervous that mac hasn't been one of them!  any news??
i'm so excited! loving these updates!
daran norris rocks. i think he may have been the funniest of the various characters on the show. at the very least, his video is the best yet. sorry, kristen. you are a goddess and comedienne extraordinaire, but you got beat on this one.
i love knowing that all my favourite friends and enemies will be getting together soon! every update just has me squealing with glee because big or small all these characters made the show real and interesting and memorable! just seeing the notice in my inbox fills me with utter excitement because i know whatever it'll be it will be good!
mac cliff vinnie dick mac cliff vinnie dick mac cliff vinnie dick
mac mac mac mac mac .......oh yeah mac!!!!!!!
still waiting for a mac and vinnie announcement. i'm pretty sure rob will come through but there's always that tiny sliver of doubt.  :\ other than that, i'm real happy with the cast  (minus piz, i could do without ever seeing him again)  and even happier with a parker-free movie.
is wanting madison to have a sliver of depth asking too much? i think piz is all the one-dimensional i can handle.
you're killing me with the mac holdout!
i'm getting more and more excited with each announcement !!!
if you didn't get tina back lets just rip the bandaid off.
so excited to see madison and luke back! honestly, it's all the characters that needed v's help or tortured her during. that first season that helped make the show!
why are you doing this to us??!?!?!? these emails but not about mac are just torture!
i think everyone needs to stop wishing for dead characters to come back.
love to see lisa rinna and harry back!!!!
where will u be at comic con. i cannot get tickets, will i still be able to see u?
i'd forgotten how fantastic cliff was in the series! this is going to be great!
could you pleeeeeeeeeeeeease get duncan to come back? that would be the best ever! even if he just appeared for a few scenes.
rt, you are killing me! thrilled to see that cliff is back...and i can't wait to see veronica out-lawyer him, tee hee...but if i don't get an email soon announcing that mac and dick are returning for the movie, i will honestly cry. ugly cry, too, not that cutesy teardrop-glistening-on-her-cheek crap. (also kind of hoping to see vinny, the old sleaze bag.)
yeah, cliffy! hysterical video! welcome back, daran! what an amazing friend! five months is a long time for a house guest!
ive been thinking and what i want to see is sax as sheriff.
weevil is back yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm so happy!!! wallace, weevil, veronica, keith & logan are all back!!! can't wait for more casting!!!
not yet cortney! atleast not to my knowledge lol rob said he would let us know along with an update for it :)
have i missed the survey for the t-shirts and stuff? i've been watching carefully. anyone know?
francis capra delivered a wonderfully nuanced performance as eli "weevil" navarro, so it is great that he is reprising the role.  the veronica and weevil dynamic always brings the noir.
weevil is back! waited all day for that update, and rob did not disappoint. even after all these years francis still looks the same! fountain of youth for the vm cast?
i'm so glad weevil is back :)
weevil! this is awesome! so excited!
to amend my previous comment, i also really want to see vinny and cliff. honestly i cant wait for the scene between veronica and cliff, seeing as she is a lawyer now, and one with much better education credentials than him, should make for a good back and forth (even though they never said where cliff went to college, you just know it was somewhere like somewhere like sdsu, which is a far cry from columbia).
i think dick is a guarantee, i also think mac is extremely likely, those are the only two of the remaining unannounced people left that i really care about. though i am wondering if we will see duncan, he was definitely never my favorite character, but his final act on the show made me respect him as a man. and i will take duncan over piz any day of the week.
i hope piz isn't in the movie because he's still dating veronica. that scene in the cafeteria at the end of season 3 kills me when logan beats up rory and you can tell by the look on piz's face that he knows veronica will never love him like she loves logan. i don't want to see that look again in the movie.
all the announcements are getting me so excited. mac isn't official yet, is she?
one of my absolute favorite characters!!!  hooray!
really want tomorrows announcement to be tina or ryan! i adore them both!
francis was super adorable in his video. love that weevil is back.  <3
so very happy to have weevil in the movie!  he better be in more scenes than piz!!
francis capra is a great actor and i loved his character on veronica mars!  i kept looking for him to get announced as part of the movie crew.  :)
yeah for francis capra's return! so happy to see weevil back!
seven days until production starts....fire it up marshmallows!  it's a coming!  (i feel like a kid counting down to christmas!)
i wonder if we are going to get a casting update today and who it will be?!?!?
i am fine with piz being in the movie. as long that veronica and logan get back together in the movie.
lol! jason
as long as there's no pizonica, i'm ok with him having a few scenes in the movie. piz was in one of the the best scenes of season 3 after all....logan kicking his ass.
just wanted to re-post, since it is so difficult to scroll back through comments now. for those of you interested in a vm fan listing to link up with other marshmallows in your area, (or to see just how wide-spread we are) be sure to check it out/add yourself. we are at about 250 now!!! http://bit.ly/113yelg
emma caulfield has launched a project: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2036663828/break-your-straight-an-unparalleled-dark-comedy-sh i'm looking forward to receiving a signed photo of emma in the bunny suit she wore in buffy. go get yours before they run out...
an amazing story you must watch. i cried when i witnessed this live at the atx tv festival yesterday. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
percy & chris - a swedish citizen is soo locking forward to seeing you again in the upcoming veronica mars movie :d
@stephanie completely agree with you! if we put our money in this project it's because we trust rob thomas to make all the right creative decisions. and we really should hold on judgement until we actually see the movie! welcome aboard percy and chris!
happy to have you back to work on vm, chris!
i aggre. i don't think piz should be with veronica. i didn't like them as a couple at all. i am hoping they bring back mac. she was super awesome!
while i was never a piz fan, i can't disparage chris from wanting to be a part of the film, nor rob for whatever his plan is, which we don't have any idea about! i think the fact that kb and rob have signed many things with the signature love, this bodes well for love fans. i can think of multiple scenarios that having nothing to do with piz dating veronica. my favorites are that piz is either dating a madison, shelly, gia, etc... or that he is maybe the music teacher/ local dj for neptune high. many people stay in their college town after graduation. maybe he has just been living/working in neptune and still hangs out with mac/wallace etc... there a number of reasons for piz to be in the movie. let's trust rob to not only make the movie that him, kb and the rest of the cast/writers want, but also what we want as the diehard fans and backers!
i'm trying to figure out how piz is incorporated into the movie. maybe he's the local dj?
no disrespect to chris, he's adorable and i like piz, but i never liked him with veronica and it would not bother me in the slightest if he was not in the movie. while i think rob should make the movie he wants to make, i will be seriously disappointed if veronica and piz are together (unless logan comes back into her life and the movie ends with love back together). it's not just because i love love (and i do), i just never saw the point to the piz character, nor do i think he was a match for veronica. he would have been great with mac. the other thing, if money is spent on piz that could go to weevil, mac, dick, or even duncan, i'll be very disappointed. i'd rather have the cast from the first 2 seasons over anyone from the 3rd season. poor piz...but i just don't care about him.
and i would rather have a movie with piz than no movie at all :)
lol! @julia you keep cracking me up! ^_^
@july as evidenced in the article linked by joey, rob is getting as many as he can at the expense of other things. i'd rather have rain than piz.
i think you are all gettinge carried away. we don't even know what role he will have, we should instead enjoy the fact that rob is trying to get as many as the old cast as he can. :)
i will trust that rob & company will have a reason for piz to be in the movie other than that he & veronica some how ended up together. btw, chris lowell is looking good! some guys just get better with age.  i would also like to find out what ever happened to duncan. he was veronica's first love and i always imaged somehow that he was able to come back to the states with his daughter and maybe even see veronica again. i don't need them to be together, but it would be nice if they were friends. perhaps she's like an honorary aunt to his little girl.  anyway, so excited and grateful this movie is happening that i almost don't care who veronica is with romantically.  i just want her to be an fbi agent or something like that. i want her to have a successful career!!!!
piz is the last character most of us want to ever see again. he's the proverbial "shark" that was jumped in this show.
thanks for the link @joey
calm down everybody http://tvline.com/2013/06/08/veronica-mars-movie-cast-chris-lowell-returns-as-piz/
it seems somewhat disconcerting that pizr is getting an announcement before original characters weevil, dick and mac have been officially confirmed. i just hope we don't see the sidelining again of the original cast (characters like wallace, weevil, etc) in favor of the piz and parker again.
look for my post in a few days. i may have some footage you might like to see.
why are people surprised about piz? he's mentioned multiple times on the main page. and it's not weird or unusual for people to still be in the town where they went to college.
i wish we could get the show back up on netflix :( granted i have the dvds, but i think for great publicity reasons more people would kinda get awesomely into the show as we all have! just sayin lol.
@julia i totally agree although i maybe he will be around for a reason unrelated to the reunion - maybe he is a guitar player in the band of logan's girlfriend who gets murdered, or her agent, or the prosecutor in the case or something like that.  i just hope he gets a personality this time around - how great would it be for him to be jaded and cynical?  definitely better than the milquetoast he was in season three.
@cynthia that's the problem. it's completely ridiculous to think that they would be dating, but this is a high school reunion, and he didn't go to neptune high. so there is no plausible reason for him to be there that would fit with what we know about the characters. that is why i'm upset.
i seriously doubt anyone thinks piz and veronica will be together -  that would really be stretching the bounds of credulity.  we just dislike the character intensely (which is interesting since he was so boring) and he will take valuable screen time from characters we do want to see again.  lowell is awesome though so maybe rob just wanted him around.
love how everyone is going bananas because piz will be in the movie. relax people! just because he's in the movie doesn't mean rob is putting him and veronica together. let's wait and see. i feel like a crack fiend coming here everyday. i live for rob's updates and all the comments from my fellow marshmallows. and would everyone quit bashing season three! i agree it wasn't the best season (that was season two), but it wasn't that bad either people.
once mac and weevil sign on i will be truly happy i can't see the movie without them
love piz will be there but what about dick and mac? i loved mac since the purity test days!
@julia it did have good moments no lie and some great episodes but yea........
every announcement of another crew or castmember bagged fills me with a glee similar to what gryffindor felt on hearing that 'they got harry'. so two cast announcements on one day practically has me over the moon!
i agree bethany please don't.......
so glad "piz" and wallace will be in the movie :)
i have to say, i hope rob doesn't try to resurrect any romance between piz and veronica - bleh.  not to be a piz-hater, but . . .
why not just ignore the fact that season 3 ever happened? it had good moments, but, honestly, when i get people to watch the series, i tell them to just stop after season 2.
seriously, no idea why piz or parker would be in the movie.  duncan would make more sense.  no one enjoyed the piz/veronica storyline and the fact that it ended with them as a couple is the reason vm fanfiction is so popular.  we have to rewrite the mess that was season 3!
why piz?  i thought she was returning home for a hs reunion?  that character had no personality.  i'm so disappointed by this news.  the "college" buddies were like scrappy doo...useless.  now where's are weevil?
yeah!! best news i have ever had on a saturday!! i'm happy to see them both back.
ugh! piz?!!!! ugh!!!!!! why do he need to come back? i don't even see a reason wy he would be back unless he decided to live in neptune when he graduated. -_- wallace made me happy now i'm disappointed........
piz? nooooo! hopefully the most boring character in neptune will have very little screen time.
yes! wallace is back!!! we need mac & weevil now and all is good in the world lol
i am in no hurry to get stuff.  if survey has the option to go to the back of line to help you guys logistically; i will volunteer.
wallace is back baby! great way to start off my saturday. percy diggs you are awesome love you. all i need is mac and weevil back and i will be one happy marshmallow!
this project has 36 hrs left  aardvark: a feature film starring adrian grenier and mamie gummer http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/143509616/aardvark-a-feature-film
if anyone is missing a project to fund this film could really use some help :) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/gwenwynne/wild-about-harry-a-movie-for-our-hopefully-changin apart from this, i think i finally recovered from handing in my dissertation and there was a vm update in my inbox when i checked my email tonight -life's good! :d
the latest update stated that the surveys should be out in the next few weeks, and rob stated that he would send out an update when that happened.
if the powers that be are looking: i'd like the mini-blinds design in xl (extra large).
i know this is a dumb question but... did the email about t-shirt sizes, etc. go out? i never got it (maybe because i just put in the $50 reward level). i do want to get one!
hey everyone, just knowing they are two weeks way from filming is so exciting. i still can't believe vm will be a move!  and that i helped it get funded. can't wait for the next update.
yay, an update! i just hope that the casting update does not include actors who played characters who did not go to high school with veronica, considering this is a high school reunion.
can't wait for the sdcc details!
yep, i'm watching ellen right now.  *swoon*  so happy!
@rob, thank you! appreciate the timely response. it does help. morning flight it is :) looking so, so forward to this.
gang: no survey yet. believe me, we're trying. there are a million small logistics that we're working through, but we're getting close. when we're ready to send it out, i'll also send an update telling all backers to expect it. @hr: the backer event at sdcc will still be on the evening of july 19th, near the convention center. i'll have more details as we get closer to the event, i'm sure. hopefully that helps.
rob and team... any update on the sdcc event on july 19th? would love to know what time and where so i can make my travel plans and book a flight!
kristen bell on ellen recently!! :d  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
just saw the episode where veronica got the call for her acceptance for an internship for the fbi... so sad that we didn't get to see that...
any projects you backed that have a survey ready, you will get an e-mail and there will be a big red banner on this website informing you that you have a survey.
will you guys be in this? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/696739710/kickstarted-documenting-the-crowdfunding-revolutio
@emily, no, you didn´t miss it, i guess there will be a new update right bevore the send out the survey. i´m super excited too :-)
i just want to make sure that i have not missed the survey?!?!  i'm super excited for this movie!!!!!!
rrawrrrr.
i guess the ponies would be a little difficult, anyway, @rob... but thanks for the faq!! we're all pretty anxious marshmallows and we can't wait for the shooting to begin!
thanks for the update, rob :) after my super-busy end-of-the-school year stuff, it's always nice to get updated v. mars news! can't wait :) (im)patiently waiting!
lily and kat need a little less than $2,000 in the next 20 hours to make their goal.  it looks like a great project.  please take a look. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/325389840/lily-and-kat thank you!
hello crew,  i have a question: will we have the chance to hear "we used to be friends" by the dandy warhols?
i hope the movie will be long, at least 130 minutes. there is so much to be said, and this is a one time opportunity. please include as much as you can in it, maybe with an even longer directors cut on dvd to follow!
awesome update!! i am so excited!!! i already re-watched all 3 seasons online starting when this ended and i am itching to watch it again. trying to be patient for my dvds. lol i am so excited for this!
@rob, awesome faq and thanks for the quick update.
kickstarted: documenting the crowdfunding revolution http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/696739710/kickstarted-documenting-the-crowdfunding-revolutio…
hi rob! always nice to hear from you. thanks for the update, i'm happy for the tshirts for us ladies!! :)
good morning, backers. we don't have it in the budget to get real, live ponies for all of our backers (sorry, @lais). but as a consolation, we do finally have a fairly comprehensive faq to answer the questions we've been getting! take a look, and let us know if there are important questions we've missed. http://www.theveronicamarsmovie.com/faq/
time of eve: the movie on blu-ray  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/693293489/time-of-eve-the-movie-on-blu-ray any one interested in baking this anime film.
wait! is rob thomas getting us ponies?? ponies?? i always wanted a pony... might be a bit difficult to ship, though....
@helene, me neither. i'm more excited than veronica at the prospect of a pony!
i hope you guys will make a blooper reel that will feature more of the cast: jason, francis, percy, ryan, tina, etc. :)  not that i don't love some awesome bloopers between rico and kristen, but it would be nice to see the rest of the cast on the reel. :) i also hope there are tons of goodies on the blu-ray. :) so excited to hear that you guys are less than a month from starting production.  i'm so excited! :)
i have never been more excited for a survey in my life :')
waiting for my survey so i can give my details. waiting always feels like forever.
@rob thomas: i'm not sure if you answered this a million times, but here's the question: are there any plans to release vm tv-series in blu-ray format? it's one of my dying wishes, and i'm sure that i'm not the only one :)
okay fans! let's guess who will have a cameo as v's new man? (cameo because of course it will be a very short-lived relationship!) i vote tom welling.
some archival footage was recently rediscovered about another veronica mars fan and uploaded to youtube... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@amelia, we're aiming to send them out this summer, as soon as we can. i'm hoping backers who pledged for the s1-s3 dvds will have them in july, if not sooner.
man i am so excited for this movie. i honestly need to distract myself from coming here because everytime i read vm movie my heart actually races a little. i am so sad how long we still have to wait, i already watched the series online and want to watch it again but am waiting for them to send me the three seasons. and my beautiful autographed poster. i cant wait to hang that thing with pride!
just woke up to check my email...and i had 6 new messages! the best one was the new update, though, by far! awesome news! party on, vm! (and fellow marshmallows, of course)  have a great weekend, everybody! (long weekend=the perfect time for a vm marathon. a season a day? or maybe i'm the only one who speeds through all the episodes that fast... :)
thanks for continually checking in here in the comments rob!
any word on when things like...dvds of s1-s3 will be shipped? <3
loved coming home from a crummy day of teaching to an update :)
@chuck, we're planning to start the twitter follows before we go into production, so it will be within the next month.
just read update #27! welcome back to the fold dan & danielle! and @rob can't wait to hear news on sdcc! you can't believe how excited i am! it's my 1st ever sdcc and veronica mars the movie is gonna be there! does life get better than that?!
@ rob thomas:  any update when the twitter tier reward will start?
@sharon: look for an email about that question in the next few hours!
if anyone is looking to back a project, this will be his second try on this. it is called lances brewery tour it is about beer and austim.
any news on when folks were are suppose to be extras will know dates to plan airfare?
@ben: we'll have more news about sdcc soon, but i don't think it'll be in time for update 27. @kelley & @katherine: we want our t-shirts too. and we definitely want you to have yours. we're almost ready to send out the survey for reward information. we've been working hard behind the scenes to make sure we've got a system that will let us keep track of who needs to receive what, who added more money to receive a second t-shirt, and a million other details. we don't mean to keep you waiting, though, so thanks for your patience!
http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/save-our-sloths/x/3086037
i agree with kelley, i want my tshirt!
i haven't received anything about t shirt sizes and such is that still coming? thanks!
marshmallows, make some dreams come true!! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1235816002/new-comic-day-an-independent-feature-film/description
this looks like a great project that could use some marshmallow magic.  only 16 days left and they have a long way to go. http://kck.st/15nyhic
@robthomas update 27: comic con update? ;)
@bob: soon, yes!
update #27 soon, mayhaps? :)
thanks for the link @clint
feeling all lonely over at http://veronicamarsmovie.net/
the last hours of this campaign were thrilling. hope to hear of you guys soon with more updates.
@mansah the flaw in this project was always their refusal to review other successful kickstater projects and how they work. every time they passed a milestone, there should have been an announcement. every time they hit another million dollars or so they should have added something big. if they had done those things, i firmly believe that they would have had enough to do a movie and two full seasons.
if you want some updates and have an imdb prime account they're listing several more actors including leighton meester, krysten ritter and tina majorino.  you need to click on each actor then the announced link.  sadly i can't get to it. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2771372/…
@mansah exactly what i was trying to say but you said it so much better. :)
@elysia, i am guessing they are trying to compile big updates rather than sending out lots of smaller ones. perhaps out of a misguided:p wish to keep from spamming us (like i'm sure there's a series of little developments happening every day and instead of sending one for each they're compiling weekly -or at the moment fortnightly round-ups). little do they know that we're greedy little buggers that do not mind having our inboxes filled with vm news -even if it's one line updates. (i could be wrong, of course, judging all marshmallows from my own sentiments here :p). also, for tweetless people who do not stalk people there regardless rt also posted this a few days ago: check it out! we have official la production offices. pic.twitter.com/np7iudscp5
haven't seen any news on here about this casting call scoop yet.  saw it a few minutes ago and thought i'd post it...  (from http://tvline.com/2013/05/15/law-order-svu-finale-spoilers-olivia-death-ask-ausiello/) question: any veronica mars movie spoilers?! — ted ausiello: before the flick goes into production, it’s looking to cast… well, rebel wilson, basically. for the juicy supporting role of ruby, the powers that be want a plus-sized (check) funny lady (check) who can do a british accent (check). rebel, you can drop my commission check (check) in the mail.
i think it needs to be said for the sake of other celebrity projects:  the reason this kickstarter was so successful was that these people were out to prove to warner bros. that there was an audience out there who would pay to see a veronica mars movie.  it's not he names, it's not the series, it's not even appeal to nostalgia by itself.  it's the fact that a studio needed proof to grant their blessing, and goodness knows they got it from some very passionate fans. in contrast, other projects like the melissa joan heart and zach braff films are personal projects.  they have nothing to prove to anyone but themselves, so understandably passions won't be nearly as high when it comes to donations.  even the recent documentary on dr. demento's life, under the smogberry trees, only managed to raise $118,722 ($100,000 goal).  despite a clear demand for this film, no one outside party had to be convinced it was lucrative.  i actually respect kevin smith's recent decision to not use kickstarter for clerks iii, leaving what he believes to be a wonderful tool to the next generation of filmmakers while he fronts the bill for his movie. i hope other celebrities keep this in mind if they believe the veronica mars movie signifies an opportunity for them. note:  this is in no way meant to diminish the image of the people/studios/etc mentioned and is only meant as a cautionary post. once again, can't wait for this to come out.  might watch this w/ my older sister who turned me onto the show back in the day.
@elysia i am thinking that only thing he has to announce and that would be the easy way to get out there.
like elysia and karsten already mentioned: marshmallows- join us in our little home away from home at http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose the really appreciate every single backer and every single dollar- be part of the lop-family, a passionate bunch of slightly crazy people :) and of course what looks to be an amazing movie!
why wouldn't they update us here first?
i knew they'd start filming the day after father's day.
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/themuseoproject/parking-lot-project-outdoor-classroom-from-repurpo it's a good cause and really needs a rally to make their goal.  $1 would make a world of difference.
rob just announced on twitter an hr ago that they going to start filming the movie on june 17th! yea!
crap lmao wow i must be tired http://newstrib.com/m/articles.aspx…
oops here is the link to the article about the marshmallows and vm
only a few days left!! there are so many marshmallows over at another project that during their happy dance update it starts by showing a bag of marshmallows and the producer yelling "i love these marshmallows" lmao even if your not looking for a project to back its still funny to see. check it out  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose/posts/472401 (and incase its for backers only, see the video here  http://vimeo.com/65585503 like i said there are so many over there that i keep posting because it seems to be popular here. at least check out the video its funny as hell. also an article was just done on the movie and they mention the marshmallows. there is so much love for us over there. go check it out
i'm excited for the movie, it's one of the main things that are keeping my spirits up in the midst of bleak weather and dissertation stress. (clearly it is also one of my main distractions, which is not so good). @shan, it might be too late but i think the best way to get an answer is to contact rt; there may be loopholes that cannot be announced loudly ;) @lais,hahaha, yes, that's how i picture my last week as well. i haven't really had a long time to work on it either, which is part of the problem -and yet i've managed to procrastinate half the time how do you explain that. and glad to hear you are not doing more than the utmost necessary just now -people always forget how important taking a break is. so enjoy :)
just watched the first two seasons again - what a fantastic series! can't wait for the movie. to anyone who is interested: please have a look at the 'lost on purpose' project. that little film looks really wonderful, i am more than proud to back this (after backing vm and wish i was here).
can't wait for this movie. hopefully more of the original cast will be a part of the movie. also can't wait to get my reward.
i found out far, far too late that we could have paid an extra $35 to get one of each t-shirt when the kickstarter was still open. is there still any other way to pay extra and get both t-shirts?
i never had a doubt in my mind that for this movie to happen rico would have to be on it! but i'm so glad it's a done deal! i love my daddy, but it would be so awesome if keith mars could be my tv dad! i could be veronica mars' long lost sister! i've been a blonde once! @mansah i had no discipline whatsoever for my thesis, i just had a shorter deadline and then the last four days before i turned it in i would only sleep 3 hours a night, so that's how i got it done. now, i'm mostly resting up and doing nothing productive (after my work-hours) until i absolutely have to get my presentation all set up.
i really wanna just donate more money to this @dalybear
@mansah, i like that idea vm fan showing support for the show.
and hopefully piz will stay far, far away.
hopefully mac, wallace, weevil, dick, and cliff, will come aboard.
it is kind of exciting, isn't it?
its been 1 month!!!  1 month closer!!! whoo hooo!!!!
hey cliff there is a facebook group too for all the backers. you can find it here https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
i just wanted to thank all the lovely marshmallows who helped back http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose!  they just met their goal and a big part of that was the support of vm fans!
@jlw i'm the same; i compiled most of the songs from the series during the kickstarter roll and it makes me so excited every time i listen to it and i have found it keeps me from going insane over my dissertation. perhaps the person who compiled your office music set is secretly a vm fan? :)
hi all. i haven't heard back from rob or his team, but i know they're busy. since wb already grabbed a domain i decided to set up a fan forum for the movie at veronicamarsmovie.net - hopefully we can continue discussion over there...
@eylisa i look at it as something to look forward too. i work at place where it gets crazy busy and sometimes not nice patrons. it reminds how kick ass vm is, even though i can't necessary be as sassy as she in the workplace.
@jlw that's pretty cool. but i think it would make me go nuts. it would be a constant reminder about the movie and depress me that i have to wait so long for it.
great news about enrico as keith mars. i was taking it for granted but i'm glad it has been "set in stone". enjoying donut run - one of my favorite episodes. veronica was truly such a bad ass! :)
will i was at work today they where playing "we used to be friends". it is a set playlist so i"ll listening to for a couple of months. that is going to make my day every time i here it.
attn aussie marshmallows. sorry for the late notice. season 1 available for just $12. http://m.mightyape.com.au/daily-deals/…
repost: its a movie starring very talented actors. currently just under 3000 away from our goal there are so many marshmallows over at another project that during their happy dance update it starts by showing a bag of marshmallows and the producer yelling "i love these marshmallows" lmao even if your not looking for a project to back its still funny to see. check it out http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose/posts/472401 (and incase its for backers only, see the video here  http://vimeo.com/65585503 like i said there are so many over there that i keep posting because it seems to be popular here. at least check out the video its funny as hell.
just watched the final episode.  why did i do that to myself??
nice update! now we need wallace, mac & weevil and i'll be very happy! of course i want other people to show up but those 3 plus the 4 lol we already have are a must!!
keith mars for president!  :)
great. i have been all calm throwing myself into other projects but i feel my need to watch the series again. i just want all the details. i cant wait to see the final cast
were those videos enrico in character as keith mars acting as enrico getting the role of keith mars again?! just want to say i loved every role i've seen enrico in since i first saw him as elliot on just shoot me. his chemistry with kristen was what made veronica mars﻿ over any storyline.
so excited enrico has signed on! keith mars rules!!
tell enrico that he does a great job on person of interest, but i can't help seeing mr. mars every time he does a guest spot. love to all of you. keep up the good work.
@lais, congratulations on finishing your thesis! i hope you were pleased with the end result and that you allowed yourself a few days off to celebrate. best of luck with your viva too! hopefully you'll have time to check in here sporadically in the meantime.  also, i truly admire your discipline, i could use some of that. i would have a much more positive reply to give to the 'how's your dissertation going question?' it's not going as well as i would like (and as it should given the deadline eeep) but there is a sort of progress :) also, huzzah for enrico colantoni being officially signed on. would not be the same without him!
yay! i am so happy that enrico is cast! the movie would not be complete without him! thank you for the update!
yay!  so excited enrico is officially cast!  he & kristen have such great chemistry playing father and daughter they make me cry.  i wish keith mars was my dad.
thanks for the videos, mr. colantoni. it's going to be an awesome summer for all of us. :)
yay! glad enrico is officially on board! my family watched just shoot me during its initial run on tv and loved it! obviously, i love him as keith mars! i think he's part of the reason my mom will sometimes watch parts of the tv show while i'm watching it :)
i love enrico colantoni.  i first saw him in veronica mars and more recently have watched him in flashpoint.  i am so glad he will be playing keith mars.  the movie would not be as good without him.  yea!
galaxy quest 2 kickstarter.  do it.
great!  enrico colantoni is such a fine actor. his portrayal of malthesar in galaxy quest is one of the most brilliant comic performances of all time.  why aren't his talents recognized more often by hollywood?  sure glad you got him to reprise his role of keith mars.  i wanted him for my dad. so, any chance of ken marino signing on?  tina majorino? ryan hansen?
that is awesome and so exciting that the cast is coming together. yeah, if you need crew members i am a film student attending the university of utah and i need something to do this summer.
it is really cool.
yay for papa mars!!
you got me a pony!!!  i could not help myself!  this is wonderful news :)
who's your daddy? you are! welcome to the cast (officially), rico! we just couldn't have a veronica mars movie without you.
who's your daddy? one of the best lines!
welcome mr keith mars, i'm so happy you'll be more than a ghost on the vm movie... you're not my dad, but you're one of the best !!!
who's your daddy?! :p new update!!!
@jason i really hope you're right. zb has unfortunately still so much time left.
i don't think we need to worry about wish i was here breaking any of our records, they are halfway through and at $2.5 million, at the same point in our campaign we were over $4 million. also i think the vm project had a lot of positivity and goodwill surrounding it, whereas zach braff is facing harsh criticism, for rob thomas kickstarter was a necessity, for zb it is a luxury.
@lais i really hope lost on purpose gets funded!! the project still needs $7,454 http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose/posts/473434…
http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.com/2013/04/veronica-mars_28.html
hi guys.  it doesn't look like charisma carpenter will be in the movie http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/ustv/news/a478739/charisma-carpenter-doubts-veronica-mars-movie-role.html
also, how awesome of the lost on purpose producers for the marshmallow shout out! i hope their project gets funded so bad! seems like a really good movie!
hey guys! i've been mia since project got funded because i was finishing up my undergraduate thesis, and because some of you were so supportive, i had to come and share that it's finally done! i just submit it yesterday and in less than a month i have to defend it to my professors. @mansah, i hope yours is going well too!
lol @ merah.  what a great idea!  if we paired it with logan's obligatory psychotic jackass shirt, we could throw out any need to recap veronica's love-life for the film =p
@midnight most of the time, i felt like piz may have been wearing a shirt that said "other love interest" because that was the extent of his depth.
@midnight, but at least we now know that there will be something more, thanks to rob and kristen's tenacity! :)
i've just got that final tragic episode left in my rewatching marathon.  hard to watch it knowing there's nothing more until 2014.
i think if it were not for my loyalty to logan, i might have really liked piz.  he was cheesy, but in an endearing sort of way.  he was loyal, laid back, and kind of funny.  and he seemed to truly care about veronica, without making her life harder in the process. i think the first time i watched, i was annoyed because he got in the way of the logan-veronica story arc, which i greatly prefer.  it was frustrating, and i took that out on piz.  but now that i'm rewatching, knowing full well they don't get back together, i appreciate the character a little more objectively. i keep waiting for the change of heart on parker, though.  nothing yet =p
@jon will contribute to the project but at the end of the month.
@jon, that looks like a really cool project! sadly i've officially depleted all my never-there-in-the-first-place funds, but i hope it makes its goal!
just upped my pledge to lost on purpose. really hope it'll reach the goal.
i also have backed lost on purpose. i think the film tells the kind of story that you don't see very often, and the guys running the kickstarter campaign are so enthusiastic!
its such an awesome movie! and great rewards too at a good price.
recently supported lost on purpose , really wish i had the money for the dine with octavia spencer tier!!!
thanks to tracy robinson for coming over and pledging on the http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1918260583/b-25-bomber-sandbarmitchell-rescue-and-recovery-fr  project!  if anyone else is interested in helping preserve a piece of history please come check it out.  i am meeting with todd later today to discuss going on the expedition to rescue this old bomber!
there are so many marshmallows over at another project that during their happy dance update it starts by showing a bag of marshmallows and the producer yelling "i love these marshmallows" lmao even if your not looking for a project to back its still funny to see. check it out http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose/posts/472401 (and incase its for backers only, see the video here http://vimeo.com/65585503
if the music on the main page changed, that must have happened before the deadline (i.e. apr 13). the main page can't be changed anymore afterwards. unless of course it's a link and the thing it linked to changed. ### member of the pinkerton road cavalry ### ### dreamfall traveller ###
wait why did they change the music in the video on the main page. when it cuts to kristen addressing us, saying it's time to make the movie happen, it used to play the theme song. now it's an instrumental track.
if anyone is interested in another movie project to back - todd and the book of pure evil just launched a campaign over at indiegogo, aiming for $75,000. it's a canadian show about an evil book that grants wishes in unexpected, and often deadly, ways that finds its way to a high school where a small group of student band together to fight it (with mixed results). the show is on netflix, for any who might be interested. unfortunately, the show was cancelled after its second season. but that's where we come in! link: http://igg.me/at/bookofpureevil
would anyone here be interested in taking alook at this program i just backed.  this fellow is from my home town and i am actually considering going on the expedition to reclaim an old piece of history.  if you love airplanes as much as i do please consider donating to this project.. even if its a buck! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1918260583/b-25-bomber-sandbarmitchell-rescue-and-recovery-fr thanks for looking :)
ya i agree. we added very few rewards besides like the logan lovers one. and some of his that he has added are 600. you sell enough of those and they will be golden. but i think they still need like 3 million. they stalled after 2 million. oh well we still have the fastest to 1 and 2 million. probably the most backers will stay ours. and actually our grand total wasnt a record it put us 3rd so its not really anything big they are beating us at. that makes me feel a little better
i really hope they don't beat us but if they continue like this i'm afraid they could. zb has a lot of time left!
so zb is trying really hard. adding massive amounts of screenings all over the world. but the funny part is i see lots of comments saying they should at least beat us. lol doesnt look good for them i dont think.
btw @jennifer, i've been meaning to ask where it is you get all your snazzy t-shirts made? your 'over the moon' tee is the coolest i've seen!
@charles that has already been suggested. im pretty sure rob knows about it too.
just wanted to re-post, since it is so difficult to scroll back through comments now. for those of you interested in a vm fan listing to link up with other marshmallows in your area, (or to see just how wide-spread we are) be sure to check it out/add yourself. we are at about 235 now!!! http://bit.ly/113yelg plus, i am super excited to be signed on for "extra for a day" and i'm really hoping to get to know some of the others that got this - so *maybe* i'll have a lunch buddy or something?
is it possible to put references to the kickstarter campaign in the movie? like having 91585 as a zip code? it would be cool to get acknowledged like that.
thank you for the update rob! looking forward to getting my t-shirt and so happy that you get the chance to shoot the film in la!!
ok guys there are so many marshmellows over at the lost on purpose ks page. but they just made a new update. add $35 to any tier that includes a postcard (signed by james lafferty) or dvd or poster and you will now get jane kaczmarek, c thomas howell, aaron hill and academy award winner, octavia spencer autographs. so for as little as $50 you could get all those autographs!!! check it out. all the rewards are at such a great price! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose
@dakota i watched all 3 seasons here. you can download or streamline http://www.1channel.ch/tv-5236-veronica-mars
@robthomas, i know you probably don't have any control over what is on the wb website, but they removed the veronica mars full episodes. are there any other sites or places i can my fix of veronica mars?
hey guys if your looking for another project to back check this one out. there is tonnes of vm fans over there. the movie is already made so you can check out the trailer. its got some good actors in it and all the rewards are great prices (even an autograph for $35.) take two seconds to watch the video http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose/comments
i would love to see aaron ashmore as well. this would be amazing!
please please tell me that you are trying to get aaron/shawn ashmore to do a cameo! as an fbi agent too. that guy always showed up at the best times to add a classic v mars "and the plot thickens" twist. anyone with me?
@anne - couldn't have said it better myself. i'm 35 years old and when my dad tells me he got me something, i still say, "a pony?!?!?!?!?!"
hi this comment page is apparently not very active so i'm going to contribute by simply saying that on a scale of 1 to veronica when she thinks she's getting a pony, i'm beyond excited about this movie. also rob, don't worry about the updates, we love you unconditionally.
you want to know what i find interesting? what i want you to update me with? anything and everything.. i find having news about something i like served on a silver platter kind of nice. pictures always fun, but i've never seen or heard anything about movie productions. therefore, everything.
@rob, hahaha thanks for the update.. you have got to post a picture of you in jodhpurs & the riding crop!  i am assuming boots too!  glad to hear your daughter will be able to access her favorite chinese restaurant! @all   hello  sorry i have not been active over the past couple weeks..  :(
rob, what does one wear to a red carpet premiere if one is not a hollywood big shot?  seriously.
i really want a black shirt with just the mars investigations logo on front (and nothing else), more than either of the other two shirt options, please let this happen rob, good sir.
hey fellow marshmallows, how goes it? i know i've kinda dropped off these comment pages, but i've been reading them daily! so excited that the movie's shooting in la! :)
yay! new update!
i so wish you were filming in san diego.  i live about a half mile from the tower bar, and once took a friend from wisconsin on a veronica mars tour of the area.  we never did find the place the bus went off the cliff, though.   so happy the movie is being made.
@mansah thank you! i couldn't find anything about it. makes sens if they are going to put some into, they get some out.
@nicci, seeing as they're distributing the film they are definitely going to get their share of the profit. they will also be putting some money into the film -or rather into the advertisement and distribution and a lot of the legalities. there's an interview here with rt saying he hopes they do well on it too as it might increase chances of further vm: http://www.wired.com/underwire/2013/04/rob-thomas-interview-veronica-mars-kickstarter/
i am so happy they are shooting the movie in california. can't wait for the updates about cast members signing on!
yay even :)
ya la!  still close enough i can sneak my way onto set!
not sure if this has been addressed anywhere (couldn't find anything), but will warner bros profit off the project even though they didn't have faith in it? anyone heard anything about that? just curious.
@camille, then again cameo's could include characters who actually were on the show... like leighton meester or alyson hannigan or krysten ritter or other people who're busy doing other things but actually belong quite snuggly within the vmverse...
awesome! get to shoot in la. i hope i be able to get the shirt before i go on my trip love to wear when in london and paris but i do not think it would come that fast.
the word "cameos" freaks me out.  please don't fill the movie with too many hollywood faces.  i hope i speak for many when i just say we want the old gang back together!
what is the name of this favorite chinese restaurant?  i still can't find one i like in la!
@ben: yes, i want to wear my vm t-shirts to sdcc this year, so i'm really hoping they get here by mid-july!
@christian -totally second the blooper reel idea!!!
will you make a blooper reel for the bluray?
so happy me annoying you marshmallows by telling you about lost on purpose over and over worked out so well! marshmallows rule kickstarter :) i'll probably up my pledge too, so hope they're gonna make it!
would be awesome to get the tshirt before san diego comic con! can't wait for more updates on the movie!!! :)
by the by has anyone else seen these snazzy posters, i think lilly posted some others by the same artist earlier on.... http://twitpic.com/cmeum4 & https://twitter.com/imjaysean/status/330220434467454977/photo/1 the last one is especially awesome!
this is an older article but it really gives some insight to the movie directly from rob. whats funny is they say in there that the pledges have really slowed down and they cant see us making it past 5mil and that was a generous estimation. lmao jokes on them!! lol http://screenrant.com/veronica-mars-movie-plot-spoilers/
@jon, glad you've become a lop convert too. woot for @annika's canvassing skills! that film needs to reach its goal! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose
@ivanovitch, he has hinted at the possibility several times (or maybe it's the same interview that is being rearticulated by various sites:p) read this one for instance: http://tvline.com/2013/03/20/veronica-mars-movie-spoilers-new-boyfriend/#!7/vm7/ -this one has it in it's title but its basically just ripping off tv line's article: http://screenrant.com/veronica-mars-movie-plot-spoilers/
@elysia, where did you read that? is there a new interview somewhere?!
oooh i just read the script leaves an opening for sequels!!!!!!!!!!! that excites me!!!
http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.co.uk/2013/04/veronica-mars_28.html
@annika, @wolfvamp, thanks for the heads up.  i bit.  i'm on board with lost on purpose as well.
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose every time i watch the trailer...i up my bid another $1.
i've made up my mind, i ain't wastin' no more time...
i walk a lonely road the only one that i have ever known.....
@rob   don't worry, you can make up for your lack of updates by getting to work on a vm series "reboot" after the film is released  :d
well, i can't help but think that with all this positivity it's going to make it -also, i recently saw a project i'd pledged to make more than 35.000 in its last week, and lost an purpose has two!
annika  i pledged awhile back as well but will increase my pledge in my next pay period. the pledges seem be picking up a little bit right now. i think they will make it.
annika, i really hope they make it. i keep raising my donation!
if anyone is interessted in backing another movie-project with unbelievably passionate people behind it- check out lost on purpose (i know a lot of mashmallows already did :) )  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose their graditude and a personal thank you message from the producers on top of what looks like a great movie and them calling us marshmallows a force of nature- you need any more reasons?
yes i would. other kickstarter would still let people donate using paypal so they could reach there last stretch goal.
anyone else feel like donating more just because? @dalybear
all this talk of the t-shirts shipping over the summer is making me nervous, since i won't be in the country over the summer :/
i wonder what the final number is, after adjustments were made for unavailable countries, defaulted pledges, and payment/fulfillment costs?  idk when or if we'll ever find out, but i've been wondering what the actual production budget might  look like.
thanks rob! we understand, our excitement has just made us greedy for updates.. i love knowing that you guys take the time to check in on the comments.  with 19,000 of them, and god knows how many emails, i'm sure that's no easy task.  but it's nice to feel valued as a fan =)
@rob  we know your a busy man and thank you for responding. we just love getting updates. :)
@daniela @jlw i'm sorry i've been a little slower on the updates. we've been focusing on sorting through all of the backer information and preparing to send out surveys, but we're making progress! give me just a little bit longer, and i'll get back to doing more frequent updates. scout's honor.
@daniela yeah me too.
@danelia
http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.co.uk/2013/04/veronica-mars_28.html
i was really hoping that i would wake up this morning and we would have an update:(
@casey i was thinking the same thing. 75,000 people walking around with veronica mars gear will do wonders for box office numbers.
@tiger: yes, it would save them money to ship all the rewards together, but it's certainly more fun for us if they dole out our rewards a little at a time! :)  i'm assuming they thought through that decision ahead of time and decided it was easier this way.  and it some ways it may have been cheaper - after all, if they send the rewards out right away, they don't have to find someplace to store thousands of t-shirts. not to mention that shipping a t-shirt and a poster in the same package could damage the poster.  plus, the earlier we get the shirts the more we'll be able to wear them before the movie comes out, so it's almost like free advertising!  (i'm overthinking this, i know. but i don't care - send me my t-shirts!) side note: anyone else get really excited every single time they come to this page and see the final backer/pledge numbers? $5.7 million!!
oh, i missed the part of the faq that says the shirts ship in may.  i hope that's just optimism, though, because it would save them a lot of money to just ship everything together when it's all ready.
there has been a big jump in the total for the lost on purpose project, if anyone is thinking about backing it. it might make it now: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose…
the shirts are supposed to be out hopefully in may per the faq not much much much later so i would assume we would get survey sometime in the next week or so.
@tiger nobody said they were going to make them later. but we both agreed it may take a long time to make 77,000 shirts. well they need to know our sizes before they start making the shirts. so surveys soon then however long it takes to make shirts. get it?
just wanted to re-post, since it is so difficult to scroll back through comments now. for those of you interested in a vm fan listing to link up with other marshmallows in your area, (or to see just how wide-spread we are) be sure to check it out/add yourself. we are at about 225 now!!!  http://bit.ly/113yelg
i think the whole point of the survey is get information. shirt size , which shirt you want or if you ordered both and what address do want it ship through. i was thinking sooner than later on the survey because why would do 90,00 of each shirt it be a waste of money.
well i just want to hope that teh plan to send the shirts in may stays as close to reality as possible...if i get my shirt in november, i want summer to last that long as well =p!
while on youtube checked out some of alexz johnson's music. it goes great with vm!
@elysia i don't follow.  if they're not going to make the shirts until much, much later, why would they ask for sizes soon?
actually tiger the point of the surveys is to get shirt sizes ect. so we will get the surveys soon but it may take a while for them to make the t-shirts then send them out
@julia hey! i know i'm not responsible! i'm not on twitter in any way!
to anyone who's been asking, don't expect fulfillment surveys for a long time.  i'd guess we'll get them in january, no earlier than november.  however long in advance it would take to make 77,000 t-shirts.  it's likely our rewards will be sent all at once to cut down on shipping costs.
looks like rob unlocked his twitter. i hope whatever caused it to be locked is resolved.
@casey--interesting. i have been following both rob thomas', but i missed the other rob thomas' tweet...interesting---glad to see that he congratulated this rob thomas on his success, however :)
man that sucks casey. he is only getting slack now cause of zachs. they are completely different. this movie wouldn't have been made if it wasn't for kickstarter. zachs was going to made no matter what. poor rob
i'm not entirely sure why rob's twitter is now locked, but i'm guessing it has something to do with this: https://twitter.com/thisisrobthomas/status/328515849046593536 shortly after that, our rob thomas locked his account and tweeted about how the vmm kickstarter is not a charity, was never intended to be a charity, and how he believes the backers understood that.  (i was following him before, and so i can still see his tweets now that he's protected his account).  it doesn't completely explain why he locked his account, though. i'm hoping he'll address that at some point, because i believe it's important that this project remain an open process, for both the success of our kickstarter and ones in the future. the more updates and tweets, the better.
anyone looking to support something lances brewery tours  about beer and austim
hmm that's weird his twitter is entirely locked down. nobody on the outside can see any of it anymore. maybe something got hit by mistake or he got hacked and is trying to straighten it out again??
@julia...oh, interesting. i have mine locked, but that's because i'm a teacher, and don't want students following me--kinda creepy. i always tell them that when they graduate they can request to be my friend on fb and follow me on twitter/instagram, but by that time most tend to forget...my guess, is that you can still click to request to follow him...that's how mine works, i get requests, and i have to approve them...
@stephanie you now need permission to follow him. i assume anyone who was already following him was grandfathered in, but i never followed him, just checked in on his tweets from time to time. now it's locked.
@julia, what do you mean? i haven't noticed any differences in rob's twitter...
check out  http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.co.uk/2013/04/veronica-mars_28.html
why did rob lock down his twitter?
from faq project creators will send you an email survey to request any info they need to deliver you and your fellow backers’ rewards, such as your mailing address or other details. surveys are sent only after a project has been successfully funded. some creators send surveys immediately, others wait until they’re ready to deliver rewards. if you think you might have missed a survey email, please log in to your kickstarter account to check — you’ll see a notification at the top of the site for any missed surveys.
@jlw no survey yet i think there a lot of backers to get threw before surveys they be sent out and there probably getting t-shirts  and vm tv show dvd togethes before doing surveys.
hello , everyone...  i definitely can't wait for more updates. just wondering if any has gotten a survey yet?
@dede, those are my feelings too;) rationally though, i know it probably won't make a difference (except it sounds better:p) @katherine, yeah, that's for sure.
i've looked into the two ks movie projects that seem to be mentioned on here a lot: wish i was here and lost on purpose. interesting that wish i was here doesn't have the digital version or dvd/br on any of its reward tiers. i think zb will be making a lot of money if that movie does well.
i would just like to bask in our achievements longer than a month, that's why i don't want zach to beat us:) not that i don't support him and his backers i just feel like we deserve longer than a month to appreciate vm's achievements
@l catherine, glad to know i'm not being petty :) can't wait for the next update! i can't imagine how busy everyone is not only dealing with movie prep, but also trying to organize over 91,000 backers' rewards! i think that has to be a giant headache!
come one where's the next update!! rob we're waiting!!
@balabanto, i thought you'd spent all your leftover money on the gaming kickstarters :p @julia, i don't know, he may not have hit the amounts as quickly as the vm campaign did but if we compare numbers his day 3 and 4 went better than this one. the question is whether he'll be able to maintain a similar flow of backers/pledges in the coming weeks or whether he'll have a similar 'dryspell'.
i would be extremely surprised if they beat us. it took them far longer to get to $2 mil. that's why i was asking how much braff thought he could actually get with kickstarter. whatever it is (and i'm guessing it is more than vm got) i don't think he's going to hit it.
well, if they beat us, we can ask rob if we can give more money.
@l catherine, i like your perception of things, now i feel much better about my not-petty feelings:p
@stephanie, i fully agree with you however, i refuse to believe we are petty. we just have our priorities in order. :)
okay, so maybe i'm petty--but i really don't want zach braff's project to beat us for the amount pledged or the number of pledgers...just saying ;) they didn't reach $1 or $2 million as fast as we did, and i don't want them to beat our other numbers either... yeah, i'm being petty, but i don't care!
i'm so glad people are posting about lost on purpose.  i really hope they meet their goal!!!
it's really interesting to read all the articles it has generated -i feel like there's a fair bit of the positive ones too. i hadn't read this one though, so thanks for sharing @elysia also, yaah, there are definitely ways of getting around this because with the exception of the capacity for dvds it's all in my head. the study only means that's what i solemnly swore to myself when i allowed myself to get a notebook despite already having my laptop so streaming outside of youtube or the like is strictly forbidden. it's a ban that can only be sustained as long as it's total. youtube has many great things though, yesterday i rewatched this little film which is super cute. there are so many uses for post its. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i wonder what number zach braff actually wants to get to. you know he wants more than $2 mil, otherwise his whole "creative control" thing is pointless, since he can't afford to do what he wants.
zah braff is getting quite the backlash on yahoo. i have now seen 2 articles on him about his campaign http://ca.movies.yahoo.com/blogs/wide-screen/why-does-zach-braff-kickstarter-fund-movie-164600681.html
what do you mean study only? as in it blocks certain websites or something? there is always ways around that you know
@elysia, thanks (for the temptation:p), it's the site i use for most telly fixes as well. unfortunately it's no good to me now as the only computer i have access to at the moment isn't allowed to go there. (stupid promises you made when you were young and naive -if i could go back to my younger self i would tell me that getting a study only notebook does not mean you procrastinate less). speaking of access to brilliant series online; does anyone know how to view the later series 2 and 3 of burning love if you're not a us resident? (for future reference, with the exception of series 1 that one's not on 1channel).
@mansah here is where i just watched all 3 seasons of vm http://www.1channel.ch/tv-5236-veronica-mars/index.php
@stephanie & @dede; i feel less petty now -i really didn't want them to beat us either:p i'm sure it'll happen some day but let us rest on our laurels a little first, please:p currently unable to watch my vmars dvds, probably for the best, there are enough clips on youtube to keep me plenty distracted from my dissertation. @elysia, that is definitely going to be awesome! :d you may even be entitled to an imdb page, technically...
oh and they also message you personally to say thanks! that is really nice
just finished vm. god i love that show. also i finally backed lost on purpose. for $75 i get my name in the credits, the movie signed by producers and a post card signed by james lafferty. hell of a deal if you ask me. i just want to see my name in the credits. that is going to be so cool
people keep releasing awesome gaming kickstarters. i keep giving these people money. soon my basement will be filled with more gaming products than i could ever play. oy.
just finished vm s3 for the second time. :( the very last logan/veronica moment...ugh, it's so heartbreaking!  but, never fear, the movie will soon be here! (ooh, that rhymed! :)
within 10 minutes of backing i got a personalized message from one of the producers, and also a response on my comment. they seem very genuine about making this whole movie and getting it out there in a way that they see it best. i'm pretty impressed by their passion for their movie.
i didn't back lost on purpose because i'm still working on some other debts, but i really wanted to help in some small way, so i did message a couple one tree hill groups and pages about the project. i think any one tree hill fan would be really happy to have something signed by james lafferty, so maybe this will help them meet their goal... can they really distribute a movie with 40,000 dollars?
finally backed lost on purpose! i'm really hoping that they meet their goal! it looks like such a heart-felt movie!
it only took about 5 hours (might be off a bit) to reach $1 million and 11 hours to reach $2 million. they didn't beat us :) i was looking at the numbers on that, too! i didn't want to be beat!
how long did it take the vm movie kickstarter to reach 1mil and 2 mil, just wandering if zach's project beat us??
since we're sharing, this is one that i've backed. still needs a lot to go, but i love the guys from cracked and i think the concept is really cool. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1614006502/mytemple-the-fitness-training-game
nope annika lets pimp away!!! lol
@ mansah and all the others pimping out lost on purpose: so glad i'm not the only one doing it :d
@blair, yeah, i totally get that. with the exception of this project i've kind of been limiting my donations to a couple of bucks -hey tesco has taught me that every little helps so here's hoping. still, damn student debt and imminent unemployment! both your projects look cool! and nice that they've both reached their goal!
@mansah i would support lost on purpose i just do not have the money right now. here are two other project i am supporting right now.  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1937003126/carlations-process-an-art-book-of-watercolor-illus http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/678193853/bitter-ruin-build-studio-and-make-music
i really really hope lost on purpose meets their goal.  it looks like such a great project!
yup i love lost on purpose as well!! they aren't asking for much and actually need the money.not like the other one
@blair, if you like supporting independent movies have a look at lost on purpose http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose yes, i am officially pimping that project out -it seems so genuine and heartfelt. well, the backlash was inevitable, this project also got a lot of flack -and had the mjh project looked like it would succeed it would probably be the same. and there are definitely reasons to be apprehensive and consider the repercussions of these bigger projects but also reasons to rejoice -and be supportive. i think it's a matter of taking each project as it is and decide with yourself how you feel about it -that's going to differ from person to person and from project to project, and that's okay.
sorry for the mistakes on my last post i wish i could fix them.
wish i was here i know zach getting a lot of back lash for this but i supporting this project because he want to do movie hat he wants and believe in that.  there are some mainstream movie i do like. and also it seems like hollywood is running out of idea .  i turn away from mainstream movie along time ago because they all seem the same to me. that why i turn to independent movie more because there is a wide variety independent film.
shibby are you in canada? if you are they have them for 25$ for each season on hmv.ca
@shibby191 try ebay for dvd i got season one and two of veronica mars for $51.99 and a lot seller do free shipping.
@shibby191: just logged into netflix.  all 18 discs for all 3 seasons are currently available for dvd mailing, not streaming. :) enjoy!
ok, wb is really ticking me off.  just more then halfway thru season 1 and they pulled it off streaming.  ugggg!  i am *not* going to pay $60 per season for the show on dvd, wb...just not happening. can anyone with netflix dvd rentals confirm all 3 seasons are there for dvd mailing rental?  seems you can't even search netflix anymore unless you have paying account.   if so then i'll sign up for netflix again and start getting the discs on their way.  thanks!
yeah, completely agree. especially with the guys i know. they kind of all scoff at my suggestion to watch a show about a "teen girl detective"
@giselle, is it just me that the hard part is making people give the show a try, once they watch it they're so on board. congrats on a successful conversion!
re-watched all of season 1 over the last few weeks with my mum. she noticed me watching it when it first ran when i was in high school and dismissed it as just a teen show. boy did she change her mind! another fan created!
hey guys, i know i've shared this before and some of you have been awesome enough to help support the project. we've got 8 days to go and we're 90% funded. we could really use a little help to make this thing happen! the prizes are awesome and this girl is an amazing artist. marshmellows stick together right? if you can help by backing or even just by sharing the link and spreading the word we can make this this http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/690850738/the-curious-concepts-project
@melissa: i know, right. i'm pretty sure i'm going to rewatch the series at least once more before the film comes out. @stephanie, you can always start by donating one dollar while you deliberate -but i totally get the waiting to figure out your reward level too...
just about to finish vm s3 for the second time! two episodes left, the movie can't come soon enough! :)
i love it that people are still posting here; i think this is first time i checked since campaign ended. i am so so so excited to see what kind of movie $5,702,153 will be able to produce. i just wonder how close to portsmouth, nh the closest theater showing it will be; i'd imagine it would have to come to boston at least...
i agree that there's a huge difference between vm and zach's project. however... 'net worth' is an estimation. it also includes assets. it's not like he has a bank account with 20m sitting in it for him to just spend. further, ks is also a promotional tool as much as a generator of money. finally, he has virtually nothing to lose by attempting to kickstart it. if people want to donate to his project, they will. since they do, and are, it would be dumb for him to just fund it 'out of pocket.' further. 10 dollars (the minimum donation) is nothing to the people who are donating. it would be cool if you got a voucher for a ticket to see the movie, but that's cool that you don't. but, i mean like... it's pretty cool to be 'part' of the movie. i think when you crowd source it, part of it too, is creating a community. and that has value as well.
i'm trying to decide how much i want to back lost on purpose for--i know i want to back it, just not sure how much i want/can afford to, after this. it reminds me so much of people from my hometown--small town america--i think my problem is i want to back for more than i my pocketbook says i should!
the lost on purpose producer just sent me a thank you message. that's super sweet.
thanks for posting the link to lost on purpose (not sure who first posted it!). @annika you have perfectly summed up the reason i backed that project.  :)
@ carole: you do have a good point- i didn't even think about that... lost on purpose proves you right: "we're independent filmmakers, which means the risk falls on us. we used our savings, maxed our credit cards, and then begged friends and family to help raise the rest, and we'd do it all over again if we could!" @ kate: i know, it's so touching! i really hope they'll make it!
i like zach braff and it looks like his project will get funded no problem.  i still feel the motives behind crowdfunding his movie are still up for debate, but i'm sure whether or not i decide to back it (and i'm not backing anything additional until i get a job in fl) i'll end up seeing the movie. i would just hate to see this open the door for studios or otherwise wealthy people to use ks to fund projects they otherwise would have funded themselves.  it reduces their risk and they get all the reward if the movie is successful.  vm was the exception, not the rule.
lost on purpose's platform really tugs at the heartstrings. i hope people pitch in enough.
might i add zach braff is worth over 20 million dollars. he could easily have funded this film himself with no compromises. if he felt that was too big of a risk he has tons of wealthy friends that he could have had go in as investors that would not have asked for creative control. donal faison & jim parsons for example are each worth a cool 10 million. the difference between what rob & kristen did and what zach is doing is that rob & kristen were more than willing to pay for the vmars film out of their own pocket. it's just that warner brothers would not allow them to. zach on the other hand has other motives. he doesn't want to come out of pocket. if he doesn't believe in his own project why the hell should i? if garden state is any indication he would certainly have made that money back easily. of course people will do what they want with their own money but sorry this just doesn't sit well with me. no bueno
@midnight thank you. :)
@kate that's a very fair way to look at it.   so far there are only a small handful of high-profile projects being made, and it hasn't pushed the others out of the limelight.  so long as it remains minimal and doesn't become the norm, it'll only draw traffic to ks. btw, i'm jealous you're so close to sundance, i've always wanted to go =)  this year, 17 of the films got their start on ks
@annika i got you, if you're not a fan it makes sense not donating. i am a major scrubs fan, so it felt right for me. :)
@ kate: the point of a studio benefiting from kickstarter-movies is leaves a bitter taste,for sure! like i said, i totally get why you baked braff's project and i don't think it's a dirty trick or something bad!  i just don't feel the need to back it because for one i never watched scrubs or his first movie and the second thing being that he'll get his movie and i think even without kickstarter he would have found a way to get it done his way... but i'm really happy you backed lost on purpose as well, i just feel like they deserve it, like michael mentioned they put their money where their mouth is, they fought and worked hard for it :)
i guess that's true.
@kate the fact that it's an independent movie does not mean that no studio stands to make a profit off of it. since it is helmed by a famous guy, the chances of a distributor not picking it up after sundance are slim to none.
also, i just backed lost on purpose because you guys were talking about it so much. maybe that'll happen with other braff fans. :)
well, look at it this way.... no studio is going to benefit from this movie. that's what upsets me most about vm, is that warner bros., after dragging their heels all this time, still stands to profit. at least in braff's case, it is a true independent film made for the spirit of telling a story. i mean, they want to premiere it at sundance (in my hometown, yay!) yes, he happens to be famous, but at the end of the day he's a filmmaker who shares similar struggles against corporate bureaucracy that many do. fame doesn't solve that problem, unfortunately. i stand by it. i don't think it's a dirty trick on braff's part. i hope other, less famous films don't get lost in the mix, but i honestly think this could be a good thing.
i'm with you, everyone should do with their money what they want to and i get backing braff's project because of artistic control and freedom, i personally wont back it because to me it felt like he could have done it otherwise (like he did with his first movie) and because it's a sure thing tat it will be funded anyway... lost on purpose on the other hand is not doing to well and i'd hate for the people that are involved in this project so passionatly to not be able to but it out the way it is and the way the imagined it to be- and it seems as if critics agree that the movie is good just the way it is...
well, it doesn't look like mjh's ks is going to get funded.  it was a weak pitch, imo, and borrowed too heavily from what rt did with this project.  zb... i get where he's coming from.  otoh, he openly admits he had a deal; he just turned it down.  yeah, there'd be some compromises involved, but the movie would get made.  i bet a lot of people pitching projects on ks would make some compromises to get a budget and distribution for their movie.  i'm on the fence.  as midnight stated, this could be opening the door to abuses to the spirit of ks.  vm wasn't going to get made, no matter what, unless ks stepped in.  zb's movie?  it would have.  maybe not with all the freedom he wanted, but a movie would have been made.  the guys at lost on purpose reached a similar fork in the road where people would fund the movie but their creative freedom would have been limited.  so they turned the deal down, scrimped and saved and made the movie on their own.  now they're asking for help to distribute it.  they, in effect, put their money where their mouth is and i have to respect that.  it seems like maybe zb could have followed a similar path, but i'm on the outside looking in.  maybe i don't have all the facts of his situation.  but right now, it does seem like he's using crowdfunding simply because he can, despite having the ability to use other means.
@kate i see where you're coming from.  i respect the creative process, and would love to see it prioritized.  i guess i'm just hoping it's an isolated thing.  i'd hate to see how many great projects would be lost in the mix if celebs all jumped on the bandwagon.  you shouldn't need to be pre-loaded with money and fame to launch an amazing idea, and i think that's what kickstarter was really intended to be about
@ julia - i agree with that.  i see no problem with others doing whatever they want and also think it has actually increased the visibility of kickstarter (i have since backed 5 other projects) that i would not have were it not for vm.  i just don't personally feel the pull to donate to braff's project.
@jennifer, i don't think so. but it's probably best to message rt about it. @annika, i think i see a difference as well, it's a subtle one but it's there nevertheless... though i was on the fence about backing lost on purpose as well... i agree with @carole that to me vm was a very special case because i knew there was little chance of it ever getting made otherwise. that said, i do think it's exciting to see a counter rising again, even if i'm just following vicariously, -and to see an active comment section... (also hurrah for it making people post here too). as @julia said i also have no issue with other people pledging there money where they like; we're all able to decide by ourselves what we wish to spend our money on. i do think it's really interesting with all the issues and questions that have been raised both about this and the zach braff kickstarter -and which i suppose could apply to melissa joan hart's one if she had any chance of being successful. they're really making me think about my own stance on these things -and where i'd draw the line.
i'm not putting as much money into braff's film as i did into vm. but he makes good films. i will support it in a small way. i understand how not getting to choose your cast or the final cut could strangle you as a director. film is like a painting; if someone stood over van gough's shoulder and went, "no, you need to change all of this" would it be the same?
i think more popularity and money for kickstarter will only improve the service, so i am not worried about the little guys getting pushed out. how many of us were first time backers who have since backed other projects? the same will happen with braff's movie. so i do not oppose it or worry about it from that standpoint. it's merely that my personal choice is not to back something that does not need crowdfunding to get off the ground.
don't get me wrong.  i love zach braff, there's no malice here.  i just remember debating others when they claimed this project wasn't a good thing, and would lead to abuses.  and i'd hate to be wrong on that.  i'm ecstatic about the movie.  i just hope people don't use our success as grounds to cheapen the kickstarter concept
i think it's more about artistic control. braff came out and said that if he can't make the movie the way he wants, then he's not going to make it. he's an artist. i respect that. i think if people want to volunteer their money in the name of creative freedom, all the more power to them. the movie industry giants have gotten far too big for their britches, in my opinion. films like godard's "breathless" and other masterpieces just don't get made anymore, because it's about ticket sales of the movie, not the quality of the film. if you're spielberg or ron howard, obviously you can do whatever you want, but braff's not that established. if he's asking for creative freedom, then i see no problem giving it to him.
when this project started, it was a way for the fans to get a great movie made despite the studio's disinterest.  it was a way to show them the extent of a fanbase they'd scarcely acknowledged.  it wasn't just another option.  it was the only option. there were a ton of people who opposed it saying it was wrong to make the fans front the costs just so a big studio like wb could reap the profits.  naysayers claimed that it was a slippery slope, and that if we were successful, big names would turn to crowd-funding simply to increase revenue, playing on fan emotions to dodge their usual financial risks and obligations.  in the process, creative minds and deserving projects would be overshadowed by well-established filmmakers, and the point of crowd-funding would be lost.   i vehemently disagreed. but i'm not going to lie.  seeing a big name like braff here, asking fans to dig into their pockets, when he has a studio ready and willing makes me wonder.  a&e pointed out that using crowd-funding is free publicity with thousands of free advertisers taking part, and they're considering using it to fund their next reality show.  i just wonder if all this big name traffic is going to close the door, so things like pebble, the 3doodler, and diaspora lose their only shot.  .
@ carole @ tanya: not supporting zach braffs project either, i don't know garden state but it sounded like he should have been able to find a way to get his movie done his way... lost on purpose on the other hand is already finished but people want to have changes made in order to distribute it, it's hard to explain why that is different to me, but as a designer i know how frustrating it can be to have a vision and people not believing in it... plus i loved the passion of everyone involved, that kind of reminded me of vm :) i even got a personalized thank you message for backing!
@julia @tanya, he's not even offering a copy of the film as an incentive. wtf
@carole yeah, the fact that he starts out by saying he was about to sign a financing deal made me wonder why he felt the need to go to kickstarter. i have no problem with people spending their money however they want, and i think the idea that some people have that backers of hollywood films should get a cut of the profits is ridiculous, but i personally do not choose to back something that clearly was going to be made even without kickstarter.
@ carole - that is one of my misgivings as well.  which i guess the same could be said about lost on purpose, but that is just distribution and not the making of the film.  with zach's project, he comes right out and says he had the funding, but decided to use kickstarter instead.
not supporting zach braff's project. #sorrynotsorry. i supported veronica mars because due to special circumstances and it was the only way warner brothers would allow the project to get made. due to the cult success of garden state zach could have easily funded his project through traditional routes but now all of a sudden copycats are coming out of the wood work. i've been on kickstarter since 2010 and it started out as a way for small time filmmakers and visionaries to get their work made. i don't want to support a bunch of hollywood types that have the means but are taking the easy way out. that doesn't sit well with me.
@ annika - i am going to take the plunge on that one as well!  i am up in the air about wish i was here
okay- i confess... i did it... i just had to back lost on purpose!  creative minds shouldn't have to compromise!  so help them get their movie out the way they want it: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose…
watching the counter go up for "wish i was here" is soooo addictive. :)
hey guys! does anyone know if it's possible to upgrade one's pledge? :) i mean.. i know it's past deadline but it's worth a shot, right?
it sounds great, so i pledged on the zach braff project too.  i enjoyed garden state (especially the soundtrack) and he freely references veronica mars, so that's a double yes in my book!!! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1869987317/wish-i-was-here-1…
i was just about to say that! guys, zach braff was inspired by our story, and wants to make an indie film! (garden state was amazing, if you haven't seen it, see it.) please help him! also check out this article where braff discusses veronica mars http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php…
hey guys! if you love zach braff, and even more in the film, garden state--then this is the kickstarter for you to support! :) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1869987317/wish-i-was-here-1…
http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-movie-brings-in-series-veteran-diane-ruggiero-to-co-write-the-screenplay "the "veronica mars" movie's reunions won't only take place in front of the camera. rob thomas needed help writing the script, so he recruited one of the show's original — and best — writers in diane ruggiero to do it with him ... "
@jason: and after subtracting the pledges from the people outside of the '21-countries'. ### member of the pinkerton road cavalry ### ### dreamfall traveller ###
i hope rob informs us what the final budget for the movie is after fees, taxes, and product fulfillments, i'm guessing around $4 million.
chris l --great question.  there is a significant difference between regular framing and preservation framing (museum quality) of course we all want our vm movie posters to last long past our lifetimes. tips:  before getting it framed ask your framer some specific questions: if they suggest glass, leave. if they don't suggest acid free form board vs acid free foam core, make sure you get board not core. have them show you a sample of the plexiglass they use. don't let them talk you into anything without doing your research.  their tastes may differ radically from yours.   ask to see a sample of their work. links to framing: http://conservationframing.org/ http://artscapesframing.com/tips-on-preservation-framing-of-vintage-posters/ http://www.learnaboutmovieposters.com/newsite/index/articles/suesframing.asp http://www.hollywoodposterframes.com/index.php… http://preservationandframing.com/ http://www.loc.gov/preservation/care/mat.html
@annikalm i just backed lost on purpose :) i <3 james lafferty!! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose…
chris l. mason, i like the cut of your jib, as well as the cut of your shirt!
*pulls comment up* "creator rob thomas about 15 hours ago hey everyone. a lot of you just received a message about sales tax, and i wanted to clear up some confusion. 1) sales tax was calculated based on the address you have on file with amazon. 2) please don't worry: no additional charge is being added to your pledge. the sales tax has already been paid out of your original pledge, and this does not change the reward package you selected. the message was simply to let you know how much of your pledge was used for sales tax, in case you like knowing such things. sorry this wasn't clearer in the message that already went out -- i think it might have been an automatic message from kickstarter."
nope not true got my email from rob telling me about my sales tax today but what i don't understand is it in my pledge or will they still take it out? i think it says that it is included in my pledge. does anyone else get thatm from their email?   today date of email is 4-23
@vita, from the faq on the front page: 't-shirts will ship shortly after the kickstarter campaign ends. we need to get your size information and print the t-shirts, so it will take a little time. but we hope to get them sent out in may.'
when they gonna send the t- shirt????
i'm in the states but i did not get a sales tax message.
nope, no sales tax-message here, but that's probably because i'm not in a u.s. state, but rather in 'one -of-the-21'. i suspect the package delivery company to come a-knocking for vat charges when the package arrives. ### member of the pinkerton road cavalry ### ### dreamfall traveller ###
also, check out the cute "thank you" video on the updates page: http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-n-n-files…
thank you to whoever it was that posted about the n&n files project at indiegogo. they've more than met their $50k goal: http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-n-n-files --robin
@francis yes, they will send out surveys when they're ready to ship something if they need info from us.
i backed lost on purpose as well. it scares me though because it is moving so slowly i'm not sure if they are going to make it :(
will we be receiving emails regarding the shirts? style, size, fit?
i'm backing lost on purpose too! love the idea. i hope it reaches the goal
i just saw rob's update. creator rob thomas about 4 hours ago hey everyone. a lot of you just received a message about sales tax, and i wanted to clear up some confusion. 1) sales tax was calculated based on the address you have on file with amazon. 2) please don't worry: no additional charge is being added to your pledge. the sales tax has already been paid out of your original pledge, and this does not change the reward package you selected. the message was simply to let you know how much of your pledge was used for sales tax, in case you like knowing such things. sorry this wasn't clearer in the message that already went out -- i think it might have been an automatic message from kickstarter.
i thought that too, but now i'm not sure, @ben
so as i understand it, the way rob put it, if i pledged $100 and had $4 tax on it, it means that only $96 of the $100 actually went towards the movie and not that i was charged $104?
i backed a decent amount here but over there i can back $30 and get the digital movie and an autograph. im cool with that. it can go with my autographed poster from here lol im starting a collection
@annika and @elysia--i'm seriously considering backing lost on purpose! it looks so good and reminds me of home. my mom and step-dad live on a farm (it used to be dairy cows), and i lived there growing up. i'm a huge fan of james lafferty and the film looks so good. unfortunately, with how much i backed the v. mars campaign for, and the fact that both of my sisters are graduating the day before mother's day, i need to wait a bit to determine how much i can/should back it for. in other words, i'm waiting until the deadline closes in!
@annika i am in love with the lost on purpose movie too. and what a great deal to get laffertys autograph for $30. i want to back it but ut doesnt look like its going to reach the goal. but i have been watching it closely
well, this is my first kickstarter project, i don't remember how i even heard about it, but i'm glad to have found it and backed it.  i loved the tv series, but i hadn't thought about it lately (at all) until i heard about this project.  now i am rewatching all the old episodes. one request i would have is that is would be great to have an option to order some type of poster frame and glass enclosure to go with the poster reward (obviously with an additional fee).  it would be great to have something to preserve this in immaculate condition.  if this isn't possible, links to recommended suppliers providing such products, along with the necessary dimensions, pre-configured shopping cart items, etc., would be great. @tigerstripes i wouldn't mind this at all.  i find women's t-shirt lengths today seem to be about the same as men's t-shirt lengths from the 80s, i.e., at, or just below, the belt.  these days, men's ts seem to be anywhere from a couple to several inches below the belt, *way* too long. thanks and good luck with the first veronica mars movie!
@joseph noll - wb makes money off the commercials that are aired during the show even when it's watched via the wb site. i watched seasons 1 & 2 and a little bit of 3 there but i have no idea why they would take the show off completely from the web.
i here i thought it was just me who received the message. thanks for clearing that up rob.
so i'm wondering if the sales tax was accounted for in the existing merch budget already allocated from the total, or if it's an unexpected expense that only came up at the last minute.
hey everyone. a lot of you just received a message about sales tax, and i wanted to clear up some confusion. 1) sales tax was calculated based on the address you have on file with amazon. 2) please don't worry: no additional charge is being added to your pledge. the sales tax has already been paid out of your original pledge, and this does not change the reward package you selected. the message was simply to let you know how much of your pledge was used for sales tax, in case you like knowing such things. sorry this wasn't clearer in the message that already went out -- i think it might have been an automatic message from kickstarter.
@ kenya  i didn't get charged beyond my pledge. it was included in the original amount. so for me i don't have to count this on next year's tax return. which is nice. every project on kickstarter that sells you a physical product should charge your state sales tax or you are legally required to account for it. of course hardly any ever will, but since vm is a major studio deal, they are fully aware of the tax laws and are making sure they are not breaking them and you are not "forgetting" about this on next year's return. ;)
i think we should send an email, it would have been nice if they would have added (additional sales tax will be applied to your package total), i could have been prepared.
@ karl @ holly amazon are only legally obliged to charge sales tax in states they have a physical presence in, however each state has it's own laws regarding anything you purchase on the internet. if you did not pay sales tax at the time of purchase you may be required to pay when you file your taxes - "use tax" - even if the store has no physical presence in your area. look up the legal requirements for your state. if they do not require a use tax then you can probably count this as paying tax to another state and claim it back. if you want to bother with the paperwork for $2.
@ stephanie: me neither...
okay--i have not gotten a single email from amazon or kickstarter about sales tax...am i missing something?
do we need to respond to the email about sales taxes that was sent out to everyone
given the rather large percentage of female backers i'd assume there'd be a demand for a women's sizes.. i thought it was pretty decided they wouldn' get made but if you say there's still a chance i'll keep my fingers crossed... also, has anyone wondered what in the heck is going through logan's mind at the end of 3x10 before veronica comes a-knocking... i just noticed that he's sitting in the dark, caressing a pillow... and putting it very gently to the side when he goes to open the door. is he practicing visualisation?
just in case someones looking for other cool kickstarter- projects, i recently discovered these two and thinking about backin them: a movie featuring sytycd's twitch http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1009498662/prized… and the self distribution of a movie starring james lafferty and aaron hill and many more: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose…
hi holly m. peterson! [waving]  from the faq: "new: what t-shirt sizes will be available? will you be offering a different style for the ladies? while we aren't able to offer a different set of women's sizes for the t-shirts, backers who select to receive t-shirts will be able to choose from xs, s, m, l, xl and xxl sizes.  we did research the possibilities for offering different women's sizes, but it just wasn't feasible.  (but believe us ladies, the shirts are still going to look amazing on you.) last updated: thursday apr 11, 5:49pm edt" that said, i just received a reply from rob, or whoever is answering for him, that a survey is still to be sent in a few weeks regarding the t-shirt. hopefully if enough female backers make it clear that we need shirts that fit a woman's body, they'll accommodate us.
i didn't think that i would ever fund anything besides this, but i was wrong. now zane lamprey, host of three sheets is running a kickstarter for a new show called "chug".  the news about these two projects has pretty much made my year. i wonder what other kickstarter campaigns i can fall madly in love with?
i just wanted to thank the vm team for claifying the issue with refunds for international backers. as suggested by some of us, they will give us an option to support the movie even if we can't be sent our rewards: "if you decide you want to remain a financial supporter of the campaign, even though you cannot receive the rewards you paid for, you will have the option to let us know that we should keep the money for the project anyhow." my pledge was only $10, so nothing major for the whole project, but i'd still feel bad if they would have to return my money. so: thanks :)
anything on amazon requires a state e-sales tax.  you pay it through an electronic site on the dor for your state....
@karl, i'm not positive, but since my $50 charge includes a tax of $3.30 to your $2.03, i would assume it is the state sales tax. though i'm not sure that makes sense either...
@karl, at leasat you weren't charged $68 dollars for taxes...lol. i bought two packages (giving one to a good friend and splitting another with another friend), so i've tacked another $100 to my pledge.
@karl, at least you weren't charge $68 dollars for taxes...lol
@tigerstripes, i guess i must have missed an update recently because i heard there will be a women's option...
i just got an email that said: for your further information, your credit card charge paying the amount pledged to the veronica mars movie project of $50.00 included $2.03 of sales tax. sales tax was charged on those physical and/or digital items within your reward package that are subject to tax at the applicable rate for your shipping address, including: limited edition t-shirt, dvd w/ bonus features. is there now an internet tax that is federal. sale tax is a state and local issue. since this project isn't in my state then why was taxed applied?
i'd like to express my disappointment that the t-shirts won't be offered in women's sizes. no, i will not look great in a man's t-shirt. i won't even look good in a man's t-shirt. given that veronica is, y'know, a *woman*, this really sucks. why don't they offer the t-shirts in only women's sizes and tell the men they'll look really great in them?
@richard - it's definitely just shipping address. that's the only address they've said they're collecting, so if the shipping address is in one of the countries they've been able to work out, how would they even know?
@emily; that's what i thought too -i agree it has all turned a bit silly. but, as vm  has taught us, it's because only the new people work on the weekend, meaning possibly also someone who didn't know all the details pulled the trigger re refunds and what not before all the facts had been cleared which has lead to frustrations and confusions and what not. fingers crossed it's now getting sorted to everybody's satisfaction. sending positive vibes to all the 'despised non-21-country international backers' to quote @richard c below. (i like a well-turned expression or word, whatever the background).
i think the whole thing is a bit silly (well, maybe not silly, if it's a legal thing, but bizarre? poorly planned?) i'm from the uk, so there's no problems with my pledge, but before it opened up to the uk i thought i could back at the $10 and get the reward if i wanted - there was nothing to say otherwise. (now, i didn't really want just a pdf of the screenplay, but that's another matter!) i honestly thought that pledge level was worldwide.
looks like they sent a email to clear things up
i still don't get it. the 10$ reward, aka the pdf of the screenplay, does not require mailing it via postal service. it only requires an e-mail address. i have that. so what's the problem with that?
@cat we, the despised non-21-country international backers, got another email around an hour ago, much better written and more positive than friday's "fu, we don't want your money" email.  unfortunately, it's still not clear if the location of the backer, the source of the money, or the shipping address is actually the critical thing, so i'm replying to the email to ask for a straight answer on that...
@dotz dee: what email are you talking about?
thanks for the email to international backers! :) so happy that if you have a shipping address in any of the allowed countries, you can still get the rewards! :)
thanks for the clarification email! bottom line is if you don't live in one of those 21 countries specified you wont get any of the rewards and you will be refunded, but you will have the option of letting them keep your pledge money if you wish to.
@ joseph - that's strange, my wife and i watched the first six or so episodes of season 1 this weekend, including two last night.  i know a couple weeks ago, they only had seasons 2 and 3 up, and then they cycled out 3 so that 1 and 2 were online.  the main page appears to show that you can watch season one.  maybe it'll be put back online this week?
@judith @sabine - rob mentioned the eu shirt copyright/trademark situation on twitter on april 5. a designer in france owns the name "veronica mars" specifically for clothing. link: https://twitter.com/robthomas/status/320323331410776064
has it been discussed that the wb has taken the full episodes of vm off the site and only has clips?  i never watched vw until this project and i wanted to watch the episodes but i guess the wb figured that could make a quick buck off of our enthusiasm and pledges and force us to either buy the dvd's of watch on netflix or amazon.  shame on you, we the marshmallow army backed this project for rob, kristen and the vm gang not so wb can make a few more bucks and our expense.
@ sabine: ah ok, thank you. that's really a pity, but if that's the way it is, i have to go on hoping they find a nice replacement!
@judith. they may have the copyright/licence for the show and the licence for selling the dvds. but maybe they need to check if someone else have licenced the name for t-shirts as a trademark. as far as i know you can licence a name for certain products (or category) as a trademark. if you google for "veronica mars tshirts" you get lots of results and maybe some have the trademark for those t-shirts. there have been a lot of oddly trademark issues in europe, e.g. someone tries to get the trademark for "@" on t-shirts which means if this is happen, no one else is allowed to print an "@" on a t-shirt, or someone saved a doomsday-trademark for catering and is concidering sueing cantina, hosteleries etc. for having a doomsday party according to the potential doomsday in december 2012.
well, accepting that there are these legal issues in accepting money and giving work permits, given that they stated it in the faq and announced that you couldn't just send it to someone you know who lives in the us (although i don't understand it, there is apparently no way around it), i still don't get why the t-shirts can't have "veronica mars" written on them. the dvds of all seasons could be sold here, i guess poster and dvd will have the name on them too, so what is the issue with a name on a shirt sold by the person or corporation who have the copyright and to a country where the dvd was sold legally, and i'm even pretty sure mine was a german edition of it. does anyone have a clue what that is all about? thanks, and i hope everyone can tag along happily...i know this is all a mess and not really understandable, but let's not have that spoil the movie for us.
@thomas, as much as i like the idea of anything that merit the label 'anonymous slush fund':p i think a reason they wouldn't go for that approach is that it's rather unreliable. i'm guessing it's difficult and probably rather risky to plan the budget of a movie on the off chance that so much money is going to be mailed in ;) so i'll stick to @lilly's hope that all these unasked for refunds don't put too big a dent in the money box.
i believe the project needs to post a u.s. mailing address along with the statement that anyone who wishes to send a cash donation through the mail is welcome to do so even if they live in an unauthorized country.  as long as the donation is sent in dollars and you put some sort of address on it from an approved country, they don't have to look at the postmark.  cash is cash is cash and doesn't come with a tag.  they simply need to develop an anonymous slush fund.
this sucks i hope the total doesnt go down too much :/
it's really unfortunate that people are being refunded even when they still want to donate money without getting rewards. my country wasn't listed either but i pledged anyway and chose a reward. i have relatives in a listed country and i figured i'd just give their address when the time comes. i mentioned this to rob and he told me it wasn't going to work - that not only will i not get the rewards but amazon or ks might refund me. i didn't want that, so i edited my pledge and deselected the reward. i realise now that rob probably should've mentioned that on the front page. he probably didn't expect people actually going ahead and asking for rewards from unlisted countries.
carlations process: an art book of watercolor illustrations this is another project i decided to back. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1937003126/carlations-process-an-art-book-of-watercolor-illus
i got an email too telling me that my pledge would be refunded. i don't mind not receiving any rewards. i knew from the onset that my country wouldn't be included in the list. but i'm happy just to help make the production budget bigger so please take my money!!! haha :)
i think it will be pg-13, i'm hoping anyway...
have you ever thought about how logan describes veronica as smelling of "marshmallows and promises" (ok so he's probably not serious, but still)? i guess he too knew that deep down veronica is a marshmallow :)
@maria; i honestly don't think it has anything to do with not thinking people outside the us exist. i'm rather leaning towards @marlena's theory, that they simply didn't expect it to be so big -or that the there would be such a big demand outside the us. once they realised there was a potential market there they tried to include some -but such a thing takes time and costs money and time too... i'm not saying that's not frustrating, but that's how most things run in a profit-run world of markets and niche markets (there are big films that were axed despite doing well outside the us because they bombed there -such as the golden compass. and let's face it, it's very seldom that us channels consider how a programme does abroad before they axe it, we're not where they get the majority of their profit).  is it frustrating that some backers aren't able to support the film financially, of course it is, especially because it seems so arbitrary that they won't even accept money when you're throwing it at them to just be part of this -and i honestly can't imagine anyone saying no to that except if there were serious legal reasons why they don't feel they can.  but i think it's important to remember that just by making the pledge you showed your support. i honestly think it may influence what wb decides to do with the film afterwards. they might have been unable to take your money but you showed them that you were willing to do so; sometimes the thought actually does count.
@gal he said it had nothing to do with shipping. that there was a lot of legal hoops to jump through to accept payments from other countries
surely, having a donation for a no reward even though we aren't in the us or other official backed countries should be ok? whatever. i am so over this now. when do we get refunded? its like they think people outside of the us don't exist and wouldn't want to get involved in such projects. its a shame because its going to decrease the total, something none of us wanted to happen.
i also recieved the email saying i will get a refund for my pledge since i'm an international backer. thing is, i only pledged for 10$ to start with since i thought that wouldn't be a problem cause it didn't involve mailing it to me. also, is it possible to give you a us mail adress in order to get my sticker?
rob said the goal was pg-13 for the movie rating.
i think it will be rated pg i'm sure of it!! because the way that veronica mars talks lol that marshmallow :)
in case of refund, i suggest they create a website with paypal account where ppl will be able to donate money to the movie making it clear (and legal) that any donation is not related to the movie distribution...
shoot, just got an e-mail saying: "from the kickstarter veronica mars movie project:   thank you for your interest in the veronica mars movie project.  unfortunately we are unable to fulfill rewards in your country and will be processing a full refund of your payment through your amazon account.  however, we will absolutely keep you on the list of backers so that you will continue to receive regular updates and behind-the-scenes communication throughout the production process. " i wrote right back that i have a us mail address and would like to go through with my pledge and get my reward (i'm greedy that way). hope that'll work out since i really want to see the veronica mars movie and i don't believe it'll ever get to a movie theater in israel . :-( avia
@elysia - my guess (and this is definitely only a guess) is that the wb was the ones who had to get the approvals from the other countries and since these are the people who canceled the show, they didn't have the faith in it that rob thomas, kristen bell, and the rest of the crew had in it, or the faith that we, the fans, have in it. it's entirely possible that they did this to get rob thomas, et al to quit asking and didn't actually expect it to work. and because of this, they didn't worry about getting all the rights dealt with for other countries. then, this exploded and they realized this was going to happen, so they probably should get that dealt with in order to allow for more backers, because the more backers, the better the budget and the better the results after. again, this is only a guess. anyone else have a theory on that?
i would guess pg-13, but only a guess
@b i don't think its just distribution rights. i am sure there are many many reasons why they cant accept money from other countries. i do think that they should have got as many countries on board before going live with kickstarter. then things would have been more clear
hey y'all - does anyone know what rating the movie is going to possibly be?
the wb has already stepped up and done some marketing and such for the movie. i doubt that they will leave us hanging now that they see how much of a fan base is still out there.
@mark, i think 'tangled legal mess' is probably a very good description as well as their opting for the 'safe approach'. whatever can be labelled problematic legal issues normally probably grows to monstrous sizes when it's tied up with a big company like wb...
@wendy - i can definitely understand why people would be confused. it seems crazily bizarre that funding can't be accepted from a country without distribution rights. why should that matter? sure they can't be sent the digital download or dvd or whatnot, but if someone says they were just donating without a tier what should it matter?
@elysia; i know. i have this naive hope that wb is going to be so amazed by people's willingness to pledge that they'll decide to cover the failed pledges (or do more).
i just hope all this confusion doesn't end with  substantially lower total due to pledges being refunded.
@midnight, i thought the same, but was told that it did not matter if i chose a reward or not, on the other project where i was asked not to back. it is likely a tangled legal mess with the varying laws, so the safe approach is to not accept money from anywhere where they don't have copyrights/distribution secured.
@mark i initially thought that was the case, that it was strictly a copyright issue.  but they're not even taking pledges that chose "no reward" and require no distribution of goods or copyrighted material
i got the email about the refund. however i do not want a refund i would like the t-shirt and the digital version of the film. even though i do not live in the us i have a us address they can sent it to.
@mark; i know it says that on the front page, however before any other country was added the only thing that gave you an idea about restrictions was the fact that all the tiers except the two first (back then the first because the $1 tier didn't exist) could only be shipped to the us -i'm assuming back then many people, who were not based in the us still assumed they could pledge to that one tier. so as they added more countries i think it makes sense that people would still think the first (later the second) tier were not part of that major risk game plan... i'm willing to acknowledge, however, that this may just be my naive reading of it -i claim no omniscience and i have no squabbles with rt, warner bros, kickstarter or whoever else might be assumed to pull the reins :p ;)
@manash: while i do think the wording could have been on the first two tiers as well, it is clearly stated on the main page just before the risks and challenges section saying: "more countries! more continents! our first nine reward levels are now available to backers in australia, austria, belgium, brazil, canada, denmark, finland, france, germany, ireland, italy, luxembourg, mexico, netherlands, new zealand, norway, spain, sweden, switzerland, the uk and the usa. (but please note that additional charges for international shipping might apply!) thank you so much for your patience. we're so happy to have you aboard."
and just to further my comment, i was told [on the previous campaign] that they  would have to halt production if it was discovered that funds came from sources outside of the us [in that case] i am not sure how true that is, but it is what was conveyed to me when i was asked to refrain from backing the project. given that everyone here wants to see the movie made, i'm sure we don't want to risk production being halted or delayed because we backed from a country outside of the 21 approved ones.
@magdalenak  @midnight it is not countries that you can't do business with, certainly those would be blocked by amazon/kickstarter. the issue, as i understand it, is copyright law, and they can't send perks or take money from regions where thy have not secured the rights for distribution, and therefore out of the scope of amazon/kickstarter. [this is my understanding based on what was told to me from another campaign, so it certainly may not be correct, but appears to be the case here]
@dana; haha, i like your attittude :p reading people's comments i'd say most are of you opinion, they just want the money to go to film regardless of the script or other rewards they may or may not have pledged to but if bank transfers are being nixed i'm running out of ideas of how to throw money at people for a project... :p
guys this is a fund raising website! all i care about is supporting the project not getting stuff and this is the true purpose of this website that for some reason ppl tend to forget... so shuddup and take my money!
it wasn't clear in any place (at least that i saw) that the credit card used needed to be from one of the countries from the selected list. i'm also portuguese and although i paid from my portuguese account, i've been living in the uk and will keep doing so for awhile. i hope this kind of situation is taken into account in some way and that the money is not refunded (especially since i paid with a virtual card and i wouldn't receive the refund anyway).
well, i guess it's how you read it;) nowhere did it say that it wasn't either, and with shipping specifications clearly given out on most of the tiers i think it's valid to have thought the two first weren't restricted by those things. i never read it as if the two first options weren't open to everyone (and coming from a country that was only included later on but having pledged before it got sorted because i also emailed them after the first faq updates where it stated it was more than shipment and was told my pledge was alright -which tells me that it's an issue that they weren't aware of). but yes, we can agree that legalities suck (when they prevent people from participating in brilliant things like these) and hope that everybody will still enjoy the backer-fun! :d
nowhere did it say that the first 2 perk tiers were open to worldwide backing.  it said that the first 9 perk tiers were open to the 21 countries listed.  though they really should've put the 'available to' under the the first 2 tiers as well.  to me, it's quite clear that all pledges would only be accepted from the 21 countries listed.  but i do feel bad for all those other fans who just wanted to lend their own support.  legalities suck.  at least they'll stay listed as backers and receive all of the updates.
the first two tiers never had any country restrictions (nor was this ever alluded to in the updates); so i can understand if people are surprised, confused and disappointed if they are being told that their payment is being refunded -especially if they pledged to something which involved a kind of reward. but at least you still got to show your support for the film -and you can put those money towards buying the dvd later on. however, i agree it's probably some unforeseen or unexpected international law that has caused the problem. luckily, with the kickstarter being so successful there is still going to be money enough -there may even be agreements to compensate for money lost this way. i think the fact that people showed their willingness to back this film was what ultimately mattered the most (in terms of proving things to warner) after the project showed that it was going to roll financially.
i don't get the confusion over the international donations.  the main vm campaign page here clearly lists the 21 countries... and only those 21 countries... from which pledges would be accepted.  and the folks posting below from poland, portugal, and iceland... it sucks, but those countries did not make the list.  i know fans from around the world wanted to take part in this... but if your country wasn't on the 'accepted' list... why did you donate anyway?  they have no choice but to refund those pledges from countries 'off' the approved list for this project.
that law you guys talk about, that they can't accept money from countries they can't do business with - doesn't kickstarter know about it? quote from kickstarter's faqs:  "can people from outside the us or uk pledge to projects? yes! anyone, anywhere (with a major card) can pledge to kickstarter projects."  i get it that they can't send rewards, it's ok. but i'd like them to keep my money. it's fundraising, not business deal.
i've backed this project because i want the move to be made. if they can't send me a pdf then let it be, but don't give me my money back...
cliffs notes on the international backer thing?
he's not referring to one set "international law."  each country has it's own strict guidelines for doing business with foreign nations.  it is easier to get approval from some than others, and bear in mind they had only a short time-frame to work with..  given more time, i'm sure many more countries would have made the list.
@mark l: exactly what 'international law' are you referring to?
@midnght: that is exactly correct. it is not about where the reward is going, but where the money came from. international law prevents them from accepting funds from countries they are not approved for.
in regards to alex's comment, referencing countries that were not on the approved list
i think paying with a non-us credit/debit is exactly what they're trying to avoid.  the issue is not just where they can ship your item.  it's also taking money from countries they're not approved to do business with.
@alex: they wouldn't know where you are backing from until now. kickstarter and amazon don't offer a mechanism to restrict pledges to only certain countries - and unless everyone put their country in your profile, and they looked at all 91,585 profiles they couldn't know where you are pledging from. as such they have to wait until they receive the payment information from amazon, and then they have to go back and provide refunds to any that are off the approved list. if you are a us resident, but paid with an international source not on the list, then you should try contacting them, and paying with funds from a bank on the approved countries list. the law strictly forbids them from accepting funding from elsewhere. (they write tv and movies, not the laws, so don't blame them)
why wouldn't they make certain i'm outside the us first? what if a person works both in us and abroad and just happened to be outside of us at the time of payment and using the non-us credit/debit card? i don't see how sending rewards to people who have a us address available is violating anything.
@fanney: it's not a matter of choice for them, but the law they must adhere to. i'm sure they would love to accept pledges from everywhere, and provide the rewards, but they are forbidden, by law. and this should only be a problem for those that pledged from countries not on the list of allowed ones. if you did get the message, and are in a country on the list, then i suggest contacting them for clarification. as i said earlier, it was stated in several places.. and most pledge levels made it clear. though some levels were missing the restriction in the text. so i can understand the possible confusion. personally i backed before international pledges were allowed, on the hope that canada would be included, but i was prepared to drop my pledge if it didn't happen.
also, for anyone who's interested in additional crowd-funding projects, there are several underway to provide aid for the victims of the boston bombings.  proceeds will go towards medical bills, as well as making homes accessible to those who are now disabled. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/crowdfunding-sites-boston-marathon-victims-article-1.1322359
i would wait to jump to any conclusions.  if any changes have been made concerning international pledges, i'm sure an update will follow. is it possible that some of the pledges made were from countries *not* included in the kickstarter?  just a thought.
@lilly: they basically have no choice. if someone backed from a country they are not approved for (aka have distribution rights) then thy cannot take that persons money, and must refund it. it is international law, not their own rule, so their hands are tied.  they did say in several places on the main page what countries they can accept money from, however some people seemed to ignore that and pledged anyway (probably with the hopes their country would get added to the list) - rob and the vm crew wouldn't know till this stage the source of the money, so couldn't have acted sooner. (the above, and my earlier comment on the subject, are based on the explanation that was given to me when i was barred from backing another film/television production)
... shouldn't they have known that before or something and actually told people instead of then having to refund people? that does sound kind unorganized and lame. like know everything before you do something like this. *rolls eyes*
*sigh i wonder why they are refunding some international backers? and i wonder what the actual budget will be now for this project. everything seems kind of sloppy and unorganized with all the payment issues and refunds going on.  plus instead of refunding people how they know they just don't want to help out the project? i see some people are saying keep the $10 bc they just want to help
sadly the laws are quite strict, and they cannot accept money from outside the approved country list. even if you backed for no reward, or for rewards to be shipped to friends or relatives within one of the approved countries, they cannot take your money. the rules are overly strict imho, and i don't understand the reasoning for them... but it is out of rob's hands, he has to play by the rules. i live in canada, and was rejected from another ks television project for the same reasons.
oh, wow. i assume that a distribution deal did fall through with an international partner. i wonder how many countries were affected?
oops sorry, double post.
international backers outside of the 21 countries listed, that is.
international backers outside of the 21 countries listed, that is.
yeah, i am wondering how this would affect the project. i would think a considerable number of international backers either made pledges at the $1 or $10 levels or made pledges at higher levels and had planned to have the items shipped to a us address.
stephanie: thanks. i just did. erich: i know.
you know, there are ways of getting rewards even if you don't live in the united states. friends and relatives come to mind. for premieres and viewings, plane tickets come to mind. we aren't arbitrarily locked behind national lines by force fields. however, given that it is essentially hollywood we're dealing with, i'm not surprised that some people think that way.
if i were y'all i'd send an email to rob via the contact me link and ask for an explanation, because that all just sounds very strange, considering all the work that seemed to happen to get international backers on board!
i didn't get anything yet from that other one. also seriously, if they can't send people a measly .pdf then i don't even know. if they're gonna refund everyone then i assume that'll be a chunk. o_o they should have said if that one had a country restriction too. i'd say keep the 10 dollars but yeah. to be honest i would think this might be a scam but how would they get out e-mails unless they hacked something. so probably not.
i think the original sender, jacobson, irwin (irwin.jacobson@warnerbros.com), made a mistake sending out the email in that he shouldn't have been the one to send it. he then made a second mistake recalling the email (probably out of habit in using outlook) which of course doesn't work for regular email services i believe. then of course we receive the email again from veronicamarsmovie@warnerbros.com (cc undisclosed recipients) confirming that we're getting a refund.
what's with the second recall e-mail thing? that's what got me really confused. o_o
same here (poland). i've selected pdf as it was the only one without us only shipping. now it looks like wb can't even send me a pdf file for some reason... can i somehow change my reward to "no reward - no thanks, i just want to help the project." then?
i got the same email (portugal here), and was waiting for an address request  for the tshirt delivery (there are services that redirect packages from the us for example). kind of a bummer...
i think i got the same thing? two of them? what's going on? i only did 10 dollars and i'm from iceland. o_o i was only supposed to get the pdf script thing. so which one is it? are they gonna take my 10 dollars or not? i'm just a little confused. also if i wasnðt gonna get anything but the .pdf then where would be the problem in taking my money? *scratches head* hope someone clears that up.
that's weird certain international pledgers are getting refunds. i wonder if they had a deal and it fell through or they hoped it would get worked out and didn't?  huh.  sorry to anyone affected.  at least you'll still be considered a backer for update purposes.
and... just got a follow-up message saying "jacobson, irwin would like to recall the message, "kickstarter - the veronica mars movie project: message to certain international backers"." it's possible that jacobson, irwin, needs a little practice in using email :)
i received the same message but i bought the rewards for my sister that lives in the usa it was going to be a surprise but it seems the surprise is that they assume another thing without asking
wow, just received an email: subject: kickstarter - the veronica mars movie project: message to certain international backers from the kickstarter veronica mars movie project:   thank you for your interest in the veronica mars movie project.  unfortunately we are unable to fulfill rewards in your country and will be processing a full refund of your payment through your amazon account.  however, we will absolutely keep you on the list of backers so that you will continue to receive regular updates and behind-the-scenes communication throughout the production process. so i guess i get my $10 back. at least i'm still in the list of backers.
it seems surreal that a week ago we were all watching this counter with such glee, while today, just a week later, i have been watching the news with fear and worry. praying for boston!
thanks for recommending lost on purpose! i watched the trailer, and will probably end up backing it before their time is up :)
@sarah thx for backing lost on purpose. i looked at states 2nd full length album and it looks great. so i backed it too. :)
@sabrina ty for the info on lost on purpose! i haven't heard about it and after watching the ks vid i'm now backing it. i'm also backing states 2nd full length album
@anita-thank you! i thought i was going insane trying to locate it...lol
sabrina - they have an official facebook page, but not an official website. (or they don't have an official website at the moment.) https://www.facebook.com/theveronicamarsmovie
@brandi i'm waiting anxiously for lost on purpose to raise enough money. it's going really slow. it's a movie with james lafferty (nathan on one tree hill). i hope they make it :)
hi everyone! i have a silly question but am going to ask it anyways...can anyone give me the link to the official veronica mars movie website? thank you!!!
@brandi - here's another project that i'm supporting, http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/104095/frozen-sword. it's a class of at-risk students trying to create a video game. they've hit their goal but they could still use some help. with more money they can get more equipment and involve more students. i'm really hoping they can hit all their stretch goals.
so i think this whole kickstarter thing is really kind of addictive! with this project, cominf in later as i did, there was never any doubt about securing the necessary funding. now i'm following another project ( http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/690850738/the-curious-concepts-project ) and i cannot believe how it has me on the edge of my seat!! lol :d i think i'm as excited as the artist eveey time a new backer makes a pledge! i'm so very anxious to see if she raises another $144 in the nezt 14 days! you would think its my project or something lol. anyone else anxiously awaiting another project to finish? if you back other projects, what types of things do you pledge to? i tend to look for small projects that are close to their goal and nearly out of time. it must be my need to try and support the underdog. i also look for local projects and of course projects run by people i know in the real world. :) how about you guys?
just wanted to re-post, since it is so difficult to scroll back through comments now. for those of you interested in a vm fan listing to link up with other marshmallows in your area, (or to see just how wide-spread we are) be sure to check it out/add yourself. we are at about 220 now!!! http://bit.ly/113yelg
@mansah - i love that photo - the smoulder!
so the official vm thingy tweeted this picture. https://twitter.com/veronicamars/status/324939240377053184/photo/1 is it just me or does that look like the photo used in the series 3 intro? (and am i the only one excited to finally see it in its original colouring?)
thanks guys. hopefully, no one else is having problems with their payment! :)
congrats on getting those payments sorted out!
@rahila - that's awesome news. i had to deal with the stress of making sure a payment went through before. it wasn't fun and i'm so glad you are done with that issue.
@mansah: yeah, that's true! i'm in ca, on pst; but i haven't gotten to check my email since wednesday, so that was why i said i was late on the bandwagon... :) in other news, i saw a girl wearing a hobbit shirt today, and then i was reminded that i will soon have a vmars shirt!!!! so that made me all excited.
congrats!!! @rahila!!! i'm so happy for you, i hope everyone else who's been having payment issues get it solve by friday 11pm est i believe is the deadline
yay! money finally went through! so glad it worked before the deadline or i would have been gutted. feel like a true backer now... roll on 2014! can't wait for the movie.
@melissa, i'm sure there's a time zone where you'd only just be seeing the update now :p
update finally came!! yay!!!! :) :) :) (i know, i'm a day late on that "yay, an update!" bandwagon; i haven't been able to get to this page in a few days...)
great photos..  thank you dana!!! soooooooooo wish i could have been there!
@brandi, i agree. my main issue with the new comment layout is that it's more difficult to sift through older comments if you have to do so by constantly loading older comments. also, sometimes it only shows me the last two or three comments. but oh well, it life goes on i suppose :p thanks for sharing the link to the photos @dana; they're great!
i don't like the new comments because now i can't find anything. with the pages i was able to find the answers when i asked a question and then got pulled away from the computer for a while. this new way...its harder to find things i think. @jennifer cheng - can you post the google doc fan directory link? i forgot to save it! :(
@shibby191 i actually download all the streamed files then watch them at my leisure since my bandwith is crap and everything i watch "live" stutters worse then porky pig. i am currently downloading s1 and expect to be finished in about 2 weeks since as i said my bandwidth even for downloading sucks so  in 6 weeks ill have all 3 seasons and since i am an all or nothing kinda guy ill wait till i have it all before i start watching s1 that way by the time i've gotten to it i will have forgotten all this talk i hear about s1 now.
wow, it is a beautiful day. i soooo needed a day where i could sit outside in the sunshine with a nice breeze and get some work done. the screen is a little harder to see but i'll take that over the miserable weather we've been having in buffalo, ny any day!! how is everyone else doing this fine thursday afternoon?
it also sometimes says (x newer posts have arrived) kinda like the way twitter does it, i wouldn't mind it except this new way seems to be locking up my system every now and then.
@kcsdallas: great photos! http://imgur.com/a/yxrbb#123
i think people are referring to the change where, instead of having "pages" of comments, there's now a "show more comments" link. i don't mind it, personally.
i feel kind of oblivious.  what changed about the comments?
lets get this movie going...can't wait for it to come out!!
lol.  no problem!  yea, streaming is my preference.  but if netflix has the dvds that would work too.
@ shippby191 my bad it might hep if i gave you the actual link haha,  http://www.1channel.ch/watch-5236-veronica-mars  sorry bout that bro i guess i need more sleep myself haha.
argh, i now get why people were complaining about the comments earlier on. why do they have to facebook'ise comment layouts everywhere?
@ shibby191 if you don't mind playing streaming video go to this site for all your vm needs in fact it can take care of all your old tv show needs.  it can even save them to playable video files with a little know how and some special software
@shibby it is available on dvd and downloadable on itunes. dvds can be found on amazon and probably ebay
@don i couldn't find them... but i likely couldn't see them anyway as i'm in canada.
congratulations to you all!  now make a kickass movie!!
is veronica mars the series available on netflix streaming or dvd?  or any other place?   looks like the wb website only has season 1, season 2 and 3 were pulled.  i want to re-watch then over the summer and looking for a way. thanks!
@mark, i guess that makes perfect sense:) although some things (like marshmallows) seem so artificial it's hard to believe they existed in some kind of form before e numbers and other stuff you wouldn't necessarily have in your kitchen;) not at all surprised that they'd taste better though; my curiosity is definitely piqued. may give them a try one day.
passwords are stored by a secure proprietary system built into web browsers.  if you want to delete your saved passwords, then you have to delete them separately from cookies.  cookies can only store things like pre-filling in user names in log-in forms if there's a setting like "remember me on this computer".
matt id suggest removing all cookies from ur system them reboot then try again its not much but its all i can think of that might help but becareful removing ur cookies means you lose all preset passwords
all- there's a new kickstarter project that deserves some love, coral-bots. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/376482095/coral-bots-teams-of-robots-that-repair-coral-reefs…
@dale looked up the budget for big miracle and it was at least $30 million.  i'm by no means an expert on alaska, but i have a feeling it looks nothing like where they want to shoot it, san diego.  it might even be more expensive to film in alaska than california.  i'm not sure if union regulations apply to only the continental us, but if all 50 states are encompassed by them, then they wouldn't save the money they would from filming in canada.  in fact, according to the anchorage daily news, two films that were set in alaska recently had productions in canada instead, despite what they call a "generous" film subsidy. http://www.adn.com/2012/11/14/2692925/why-isnt-race-to-save-nome-being.html it sounds like a cool place to film (no pun intended), but canadian cities have a clear advantage when it comes to cutting down production costs for studios.
congratulations!  glad we could help.  i got to watch kristin bell and the rest of the big miracle cast here in alaska as they filmed that movie here.  looking forward to seeing her on the big screen again.  maybe you could pick alaska for a filming location?   in big miracle we were able to duplicate a california neighborhood without  any problem.  we also have a decent tax incentive program here to help out!  you mentioned vancouver as a possible filming location - why not alaska!
mark, you can watch vm for free on cw website, though apparently not on an ipad
@antonio: i certainly would up mine... i'm regretting not going for the level with all 3 seasons on dvd. i wouldn't mind re-watching the series now, and it's over $50/season on itunes, so it would have been cheaper here! i guess i'll have to troll some local dvd shops to see if they have it.
@mark l - yeah i wouldn't be surprised if homemade ones would be healthier. i heard that some of those types of foods scare away even bacteria/fungi so i decided to leave a peep sitting out. two years and counting and it looks as fresh today as right out of the box! not a hint of mold or spoilage or anything! kinda scary almost hah.
rob, you should consider allowing people to pledge by paypal to increase their pledge tier. we can easily raise an extra 200-300k in a month by paypal.
opps saved. lol
i read a few really good fanfics back around the end of season three, i'll have to see if i sawed the links on lj. i'm going to check out the ones you guys linked :)
@manash: you can make any food you can buy in the store at home, and probably better and healthier to boot! homemade marshmallows have a much better taste and texture than their store-bought counterparts. the downside is they don't keep as long... but they're so darn good, keeping them for long is never a problem ;)
interesting. yes, it's not the 404 or typical error. i've tried all different web browsers and checked my firewall and everything. so i'm really at a loss. but i e-mailed them at the one you said. veronicamarsmovie@warnerbros.com. i am just panicking because it says that if i don't fix it by the 19th i'll lose my rewards.
dang sorry for not looking down! thank you a lot. i will send them an e-mail right now.
@matt i found this: http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2434-http-status-codes-for-invalid-data-400-vs-422.htm according to what that says, my best bet is that something in the data you're entering is sending out a red flag, such as using "password" as your password, a zip code not matching the city or state or weird things about your address that forms don't like.  it could be anything, but i would follow lilly's advice and send them an e-mail if you can't get it sorted for whatever reason.
@matt i think someone posted a little while ago they emailed warner brothers about reviewing an error for the fix it link and now it's fix. go down to @raneshia also rob said in the new updat to keep sending messages to them through kickstarter for payment issues
does anyone know what to do about error 422? my card was reported as id theft when charged by kickstarted and i went to the bank and got it reset. now when i go to fix payment, it says "error 422" and i can't change it.
love the update!!' guys rob said if you have payment issues keep sending them messages through kickstarter.
w00t, update!
yay! update!! :) i heart rob thomas
new kickstarter backer update!
@blair - i agree. alexz is worth checking out.
http://www.wired.com/underwire/2013/04/rob-thomas-interview-veronica-mars-kickstarter/
@kcs thanks for the links!! love jason dohring <3
@raneshia you are welcome! glad you were able to get it fixed. i'm thankful alex replied to me at all. very kind of him. if anyone else has payment problems/amazon email: veronicamarsmovie@warnerbros.com
yeah, i don't like the change either. :-/
jason dohring look like a hot older logan :)
if i refresh, then sometimes all the comments disappear.
here are the photos from the veronica mars kickstarter event taken by kcsdallas photography. http://imgur.com/a/yxrbb#123
i'm with you @tiger i hit the show 19055 newer comments and nothing comes up............
i'm not sure i approve of this change to the comments.
where's wallace?
@mansah -- thanks, i might just do that. rewatching the series has me remembering all of those "what if" scenarios and all of those "i wish they'd shown us____" moments.  there is a prompt/challenge forum on fanfiction.net but it isn't active at all :( http://www.fanfiction.net/forum/veronica-mars-challenges-and-prompts/117440/1/0/
homemade marshmallows are heavenly.  in fact, they don't taste all that much like store-bought ones. i'm not much of a cook, though.  i found these on etsy - snickerdoodle marshmallows - so perfectly veronica mars!!!  lol http://www.etsy.com/listing/89706079/gourmet-jumbo-snickerdoodle-marshmallows…
they finally fixed the "fix payment" links so i was able to get my issue fixed.  this is after i emailed warner bros per alex mercer.  yay!  thanks, alex! anyone else having problems should try following the link again.  i tried a few times this morning and was still receiving error messages.  i decided to try again just now, and it worked.  i didn't receive another email, i just randomly tried.  good luck!
@brandi; i've been scourging lj lately and most of them seem to be dead; it would probably never hurt to message them -i'm sure they're all dying to spring back to life :p also, vm movie fan cookbook -when did that happen? must include a variety of sundae recipes:p @mark, wow, did not know you could make your own marshmallows. there's a thing for a release party :p @lilly, thanks for sharing that tweet. that has me way too excited!
rob thomas just tweet> first day of production meetings on the vm movie! we've officially moved from the fundraising portion to the making a movie portion.
people can make their own marshmallows?  mind blown.
first, you need an actual recipe for marshmallows. this is one i like: http://smittenkitchen.com/blog/2009/06/springy-fluffy-marshmallows/
hey all i created a upload site for the veronica mars movie fan cookbook.  we'll give it a while to bake and then i'll reformat it into a pdf/ebook. extra credit for marshmallowy good recipes. http://bit.ly/173z1wu
hey, are there a any news concerning the shirts for europe?
my favorite: http://veronicamarsfic.livejournal.com/
hey all, with 91,585 backers i'm sure there are a few fanfic nuts out there and i'm wondering if anyone knows any challenge/prompt communities/forums/etc... that might still be active? if anyone can point me in a direction, i'd be eternally grateful :)
i think kickstarter  touts that they have a 98% fulfillment rate for pledges
oh for those not counting i forgot to mention my birthday is columbus day .
thank you tet i had been looking for that bit of info for whoever asked me how can you be expected to shoot a movie in a month.  well i said 4 - 6 weeks so i really gave my estimate the largest number i could so if my numbers for prediction are accurate for 10 - 12 weeks well 10 weeks is right on track for the summer when shooting should begin add say the max of 6 weeks then another 14 week's of post prod. that actually puts it right around my birthday week so cool a bonus gift i didn't even count on heh heh.
it's rather unlikely they'd get all the money pledged. pretty much every project with a reasonable number of backers have some who's pledges don't come through for whatever reason. (this was mentioned several times during the kickstarter by me and others.) for a project such as this, it shouldn't be a big issue since they must have done their homework so have known this was going to happen, and because of the size, it's not like a major backer falling through has a big impact. this compares to a small project where a single $5k backer falling through significantly reduces the amount they are collecting. i don't know what the average loss is, i believe it's only a few percent, i'm pretty sure it's unlikely to be 30%. of course there is the cost of fulfilling rewards, ks fees and amazon fees which means the amount of the $5.7 million they have for filming is quite a lot less, but again, this was well known.
those stickers should be coasters instead. much more useful!  :)
i didn't even think of that.  boy would that suck if they lost a good deal of money from backers who got frelled over during the pledging process for one reason or another.  as it is they netted just 12k under $4mil. assuming that %30 we heard about it is true.
it isn't that uncommon for movies to involve people with additional commitments btw.
elysia chudobiak: i don't think they could shoot for months even if they had the funds. a number of the cast members involved have other commitments. this is mentioned on the project page btw: "one of our biggest challenges is coordinating schedules. we only have a few weeks to shoot and most of our cast members have additional obligations. we’re going to do our best to coordinate everyone’s availability, and we think we’ve figured out timing that works for most of the cast. we’re going to do our best to include as many of your favorite characters as possible (we know that’s important!) but it’s possible that some actors won’t be available during our shooting window."
i read the original plan for season 3 was for 3 arcs, not the two we ended up with. and the final arc was going to be "unlike any of the others we've done before" and would include wallace and mac as integral parts. this was changed about mid way in season 3 for various reasons. does anyone know if it was ever revealed what the 3rd arc was going to be? was it going to be an expanded sex video arc? this seems to fit with what was revealed and rob also suggested he may include the final arc during the last two episodes with a possible cliffhanger which is sort of what happened.
the ebay auction may have went for $1000 but it only includes the tickets. still they say they are doing it because they lost the job and it's not like they were trying to sell it for a lot more then the original pledge requirement.
@jon benavides http://bit.ly/113yelg
anyone have that url handy for the person who created the google doc spreadsheet of fans by city?
@james walsh and stuff like this is why i am glad i am a journalist =p next step attempt to get a press pass xd
@marlena i also watch so weird i am just trying introduce people to this amazing singer.
@tracy, i don't know about the bluray, but it has been specified in the faq on the front page that the dvds will correspond to the region you live in. so you shoul;d get a region 2 dvd. i'd imagine it'll be the same for the bluray -or that it will be regionless if not.
who is still having problems? i really do hope they get all the money pledged.
does anyone know if the blu ray/dvd will be regionless or not?  i live in the uk.
this is why i made 1 pledge for 1 reward making things all simple and direct and easy for me.
i meant @mansah re: mercer :)
i doubt it sam green but you can sure try.
@lily that was my first thought too! :)
my kickstarter email said payment must be taken care of by august 19 at 11pm edt. fyi for those having problems
good morning, marshmallows! :)  one day closer to the vm movie release! (long way to go, haha)
i hope everyone got their payment issues fixed or at least still trying. i think friday will be the last day to so all that.
and to acknowledge years of good service rt used the name for one of the villains :p
oh alex worked with rob on the show and is working with him on the movie. warner bros customer service set up the customer support email so contact this email for questions/problems: veronicamarsmovie@warnerbros.com
@christine and @marlena i loved alexz on so weird!! that show is what introduced me to her as well as eric lively!
i had a credit card issue and got a reply from alex mercer that works with rob after i sent a message to rob through ks. for issues there is an email setup to help with those having problems. mine is resolved but hopefully it helps someone: veronicamarsmovie@warnerbros.com
@christine - well, it's been a while since i saw the show and i did prefer fi and missed clu (who if i recall correctly left at the same time), but yes, i did like annie. she wasn't my favorite character on the show, but i liked her.
@louise it might just be your bank keeping your spending on a leash.  it's happened to me only once or twice, but calling the number on the back of your card can help you get to the bottom of mysteriously declined payments.  it's annoying and they should never do that.  combating fraudulent charges are what monthly statements are for.  anyway, good luck.
@louise it's possible your credit card isn't activated, you should go to your bank and ask for it?? that was my problem and i could fix it.
if anybody is interested you can streamline or download the seasons of veronica mars here. that's where i have been watching mine since this ended. i am on season. 2 now. i would've downloaded them but i ordered the 275 package so i will be getting the seasons so no need for me to take up space on my hard drive. http://www.1channel.ch/tv-5236-veronica-mars
please help! it keeps declining my pledge payment even though my card is in date & there's money in the account!
well then that pisses me off. lol cause that means there will be an actual movie just sitting around for quite sometime. it made me feel better to know some of those months was bc they were making it. lol i feel even more impatient now lol
@marlena i think you might be the only person who actually liked alexz on so weird. i hated her on there. she ruined one of my favorite shows. i was a big fiona fan. i did however give alexz a second chance when i nearly broke my ankle in 2006. i couldn't walk for 3 months and i was desperate for things to watch. after that, i was a huge instant star fan.
minors as extras is a no-go.  i pledged a bunch for my teen age daughter to be an extra only to learn later that it won't be possible.  at least she'll get to spend a day on the set.
once the la premiere is set will people who didn't pledge for that ks reward be able to get tix? anyone know?
does anyone know if they need extras for the filming in san diego. i'd do it for $1 a day. my daughter would be up for it too.
i love alexz johnson! a friend of mine has been to her concerts twice this year :( so jealous lol
@blair - i never watched instant star, but i definitely enjoyed her as annie on so weird and i've heard some of her music, because my sister is a fan. i like 2 a.m. i'm pretty sure i like other ones, but that's the first one that comes to mind. maybe i'll pledge for my sister.
@mark and @james -  :) i know i've posted a lot of links, so the confusion is understandable!
@james: see jennifer cheng's post addressed to you below
tess call me blind or stupid but i have now looked twice and cant find it.  how about giving us a link?
@jennifer i am still the only marshmallow in my town.  :( bummer
alexz johnson is a singer i am backing on pledge music. she amazing singer and also check out her music on youtube. she did reach her goal but you can still help. if anyone familiar with this show she stared in instant star. http://www.pledgemusic.com/projects/alexzjohnson
oh - for those of you interested in a vm fan listing to link up with marshmallows in your area, be sure to check it out/add yourself.  we are at about 179 now!!! http://bit.ly/113yelg
@james - i saw the ebay auction today, but it has already ended.  looks like it was sold for the original $1000? http://www.ebay.com/itm/veronica-mars-movie-2-premiere-tickets-after-party-kickstarter-/281092941628?
filming can sometimes go quickly. especially for a lower budget film. post-production is what can take the time.
elysia i am going by rob himself i don't recall where i read it but i do recall reading somewhere on here that said filming would take about a month.  something about working within the casts schedules. as always my numbers are just estimates in the  case the estimates of a guy really looking forward to seeing this movie.
thanks to everyone here. :) i love stopping in here just to get a quick infusion of happiness. lol
@midnight thanks. i sent messages to him. we will see. amazon was no help. why is this so difficult?
james where do you think a movie only takes 4-6 weeks to film? movies take months. so therefor it wont be as quick as you think
i just searched veronica mars on ebay, i was looking for the series on dvd and i found it
@marc jacobson, i understand your frustration. i believe that when i originally made the pledge (i think, i don't remember for sure) that it mentioned slave rats inc. still, i agree that rob probably should have had that listed very clearly (and possibly in multiple places) on this site. it would have been nice if rob had planned on setting a few minutes aside after 11:00 when the campaign ended to add a thank you update which could have included the payment info. i'm sure it would have put many minds at ease. you certainly were not alone in the minor heart attack when you got the successful payment email. i would think that amazon and kickstarter would have better customer support in terms of these payment issues and i would also think that they would have a better format for their payment emails. this seems like an unnecessary oversight from several sides. since my mind was put at easy with a simple google search of "slave rats inc., veronica mars" i'm willing to overlook that and  remain happily awaiting the movie though :) i could see, especially if my pledge had been higher, being incredibly annoyed by the lack of foresight.
ok i have a few comments so ill try to keep them in order and be brief about it. 1) where on ebay did you find anything related to a veronica mars la premiere or after party because i couldn't find it anywhere?  its not like i can afford it i'm just curious to see it on there is all. 2) are we sure flixter will be the only method to obtain a digital copy of the vm movie. 3) and lastly to continue my math um, obsession? i did a lil calculating and the way i figure it we are talking 10-12 weeks for preproduction since we know its aready been fining writing, another 4-6 weeks to film it and another 12-14 weeks for post production so if we use the back end numbers in each figure then its 32 weeks to complete the movie add say 2 more weeks just for wb dist. issues and its still 34 weeks before we should see veronica on the big screen that's early to mid january if you weren't keeping track which is a full 2 months sooner then rob predicted.  i'm by no means trying to insult rob i just want my vm movie already!!! lol.
pretty name, by the way
@raneshia  i'd imagine it would be up to whoever is running this specific campaign, not necessarily kickstarter.  it wouldn't hurt to contact rt as well as kickstarter.  even if he doesn't personally respond to the message, someone may address your issue on his behalf. also, keep in mind that people added money to their pledge for additional shirts, without designating those funds to a specific "reward" level.  if they can do this for shirts, i don't see why they couldn't work with you to get the other rewards in the same fashion.  just a thought
@tanya i haven't been able to find a phone number for kickstarter. do you have one? i will also try calling amazon. thanks. i will be so disappointed if they can't fix this!
lol, harriet, i'm on s3 too! i was all excited when it finally came from amazon, and now i've halted, on the first episode of disc 5. i was going at my "obsessive" pace, when i happened to glance at the episode booklet, and noticed that disc 6 was only bonus features! while bonus features are cool, i'm not prepared to be left hanging again! :( so i've "slowed my roll" for the time being. after all, the movie's not coming out till next year. :)
well, it looks like our digital downloads will be via flixter, per jaime's link.
christine, you would have needed to manage your pledge and select the appropriate award after it was opened to canadians, so i'm pretty sure that you're out of luck. however you should e-mail kickstarter and find out.
i left this comment just to tip the comment counter over 19k.  thanks ocd
wb is also selling the 3 seasons on that site
wb shop is has the movie for pre-order. http://www.wbshop.com/jump.do…
@miranda  i know how you feel.  i re-watched all of the episodes up to that point, but haven't been brave enough to continue.  i know it's silly since i already know what happens, but i can't help myself. when i first watched s3, i figured things would eventually work out.  but now that i know otherwise, it's way more depressing.
@teigan, yes there is, if you go to the homepage and then scroll down to the bottom you'll find it.
is there a faq question section?
@jon; yes, i remembered those too :)
@mansah @mark.. actually i remember seeing when i was going through the process of making my pledge that i was authorizing a payment to slave rats inc in the amount of... so i did know that ahead of time. but also being the guy that i am .. noticed in the credits of each episode the little plug with the three rats doing the conga line and the trumpets going.. with slave rats inc written under it..  glad your payments all went through!
@ raneshia - call and speak to someone at kickstarter and if that does not work, get on the phone (or e-mail chat) with amazon
hi, my credit card was declined due to a fraud alert (cc company flagged amazon payments transaction), and now i can't fix the payment issue.  the "fix payment" button on the kickstarter site and the link emailed to me both give me 404 errors.  this has been happening since saturday. customer support says i'm not logged into the correct kickstarter account, but that's not it since i can clearly see and click the "fix payment" button when i am logged in.  it just doesn't lead anywhere.  i've updated my cc info with amazon, but i don't know how to get kickstarter to retry the payment. has this happened to anyone?  any suggestions?  thanks.  i really don't want to miss out on this!!
i'm on episode three of season three... loving it!
watching veronica mars season 3 again and dreading the moment logan and veronica break up. :( know what i mean?
i wasn't intending to be condescending to you, marc.  it's a detail that could have been handled differently - true.  sorry it's upset you so much.  i am also certain there are plenty more backers who had a mini-heart attack at seeing that, and hopefully they've been able to figure it out as well. :)
you are all right it was wrong of me to think that more than just me would be wondering who was stealing their money of the 91 thousand people who got a notification saying that "your payment to slave rats inc. has succeeded" (i was a dummy for thinking this was a glaring mistake or an over site on rob thomas' part) also i'm sure if i was a real fan i would have dug out my dvd's and watched an episode in the last 3 years to remember the dancing rats or whatever you people were talking about. please accept my apology for my ignorance.
@christine tarnowski:  try sending rob a message he can probably do it for you off-line. unfortunately once the campaign has ended you can't change it through kickstarter.  i did the exact same as you, except once it opened up i edited my pledge to select the reward level i wanted. [you can pledge more than a particular reward level, but still only receive the rewards at that level, as such you are not automatically "promoted" to any pledge matching level - it is also possible for a campaign to have multiple rewards at the same price, so ks could not know which reward you wanted]
hey marshmallows somebody has their la premiere and after party package on ebay, if there was anyone who wanted to go but didn't snag a package.
i pledged $100 from canada on the first day, before canadians could receive rewards. i thought that once this opened up, i would automatically get the rewards but my email receipt shows no rewards selected. anyone know if this can be resolved, or am i screwed? anyone else with the same issue?
@gina: i know, me too! hopefully one will be coming soon...but now that the campaign is over, i'm sure the real work has just begin...so i'll try to be patient! :)
i'm going through kickstarter update withdrawals!
all this slave rats logo talk is reminding me of the lil monster guy in the mutant enemy logo at the end of every buffy ep
taking a break from the craziness to continue day 2 of my minivan marsathon! http://t.co/xqpe6h26pu
i'd have liked girls t shirts too.. but i know that it can add to the cost and complication of buying branded merchandise... i'm wondering if we can perhaps alter them a little too make them fitted... i quite often modify clothes.
@annika, i know, that photo gave me high hopes too... but i guess it can be used for sleeping if nothing else.
pis= pics, sorry guys!
oh, i'm a bit dissapointed that there won't be womens-shirts... i saw the pis that rob tweetet of a girl wearing the blinds-shirt and it was clearly a girls- shirt so i upped my pledge... i don't wear mens- shirts :( @jennifer: there were 3 rats 'dancing' at the end of each episode, you're right :)
@jen, yes, it was added to the faq recently (my internet's slow just now or i'd find you the quote)
(for the t-shirts, if that wasn't clear)
did i see someone say that there would only be men's sizes?
i have backed a couple of projects on here several e-mails where entity gets the money is different than the name of the project. i think just how it's done.
that's so funny - i remember the slave rats name and logo from somewhere very clearly.  didn't they flash it at the end of the episodes or something?  otherwise, i have no idea how i knew it, but i did. plus, checking back, the first email i got back from amazon (the "receipt" if you will") mentions slave rats and kickstarter, so it seems clear to me.  i'm certainly not worrying about the competency of rt at all, nor would it have occurred for me to do so.
[correction] the kickstarter email could include the billing entity name in the email they send [project name is already there], which comes before the amazon one. it would be nice for amazon to include the project name, but that may be outside the bounds of their billing system.
i actually blame kickstarter more for this than rob. kickstarter could include the project name in their email, to make things more clear... rob may not have realized that's how kickstarter & amazon would inform us. (i've had a few wtf moments with projects i've backed when the payment goes through)
yup, even knowing what i was looking for it took me 10 minutes to wade through all the damn project updates in my email to find what i was looking for. way to go rob thomas you still lack a lot of fore site on this. enough to make me wonder about your competence in completing such a project!
@marc, you're right it doesn't mention slave rats anywehere on this site; but i'm pretty sure you'll find your earlier emails from amazon mention that 'you have authorized a payment to slave rats inc, kickstarter etc etc.' at least that's what it said on mine :) perhaps you were just too caught up in the moment before to notice ;)
i love how i got an email stating that my $100 payment to slave rats was successful and i had a major wtf moment. after some creative googleing i found that this is a corporation owned by rob thomas. wow you would think that this would be somewhere or anywhere in the description of this project stating the name of the company who will be sending you a receipt.... but nooooooo that would be way to fucking logical! thanks for the heart attack i want my $100 back....
this is sunny california afterall
well she and amanda have worn kini's on the show before so its not like there's no precedence set for such a thing.  if shes got the body back in kini shape this soon after giving birth i can see how/why she would wanna show it off.
@jon, @james: it  is a made-up humorous news release, not a real one.
very funny, @tigernightmare!
not that i wouldn't love to see kb in a kini :)  rob's right, doesn't quite fit her on screen persona!  i certainly wouldn't complain though!  putting myself in her shoes i would be ecstatic as well. @tiger, where did you find that article?
well as a guy, i can't say i'm unhappy with bikini beach scenes haha.  tho seriously i hope she doesn't take this to the point where it causes rifts within the cast.  but really it just seems like nervous excitement that will calm down once on set (i hope.)
hahaha, brilliant @tigern!
overly eager kristen bell is ready to film veronica mars los angeles - following the hugely successful kickstarter campaign to reboot the tv cult hit veronica mars on the big screen, star kristen bell has been reportedly butting heads with writer/creator rob thomas, whose most recent news on the project was said to be polishing up final drafts for the film before entering pre-production.  "she really wants to make this movie," thomas said, "but we can't start filming for at least another month.  i wish she would stop calling." it has been less than three weeks since bell gave birth to her first child, a girl named lincoln.  husband and new father dax shepard expressed concern when asked his opinion on the matter.  "i was excited for her and with her," shepard said, "but all this stuff has kinda gotten out of hand.  she does stomach crunches and yoga in her sleep.  her eyes are open all night but there's no one in there." thomas is in agreement, saying, "i was just polishing up the script and she keeps asking me to put in these bikini beach scenes.  that's not veronica mars.  still, after i added two scenes where veronica is playing volleyball for no reason, her agent is still pushing for more.  okay, we get it, kristen.  you exercise more than all of us." most troubling was when we tried to call bell herself.  when asked about her eagerness to shoot the film, she started laughing uncontrollably before saying, "this is f***ing happening and there's nothing you can f***ing do about it."  she then abruptly hung up. bell's friends and family have attempted to stage an intervention several times.  "when she sees us, she just takes off," said a close friend who wishes to remain anonymous.  "none of us can hope to catch her when she goes into that lizard-running-across-the-lake mode." veronica mars films this summer and is expected to open spring 2014.
@tigernightmare yes please.  i saw that i was in briefly then something kicked me out.  =(
what kind of news you guys want? lol
@spiteoll be patient.  there's much work to be done.  we'll get updates when they a, they actually have news to report and b, they have time to post them.  it's been three days!  let them work.
yes it is a little dsconcerting. when i enrolled, i thought i will have lot of news, but nothing for the moment. maybe later.
what about some real news? we didn't hear about rob since the project has ended, no notes, no thanks, really?
@july it is said in one of the question, at the bottom of the main page of the project.
has something been said about the tshirts? did i miss something??
so, wait, the t-shirts don't go any bigger than 2x?  so i spent the extra 25 dollars in order to get two shirts that won't fit me, instead of one?  lovely.
hey cj, do you still want to join the group?  i tried to add you like three times when rob invaded but it wouldn't let me.
for when the vm army marches on the world.   http://gizmodo.com/5994679/enjoy-marshmallow-superiority-with-this-air+compressed-bazooka
@jon - that is awesome!
this fresh from my inbox: http://todayentertainment.today.com/_news/2013/04/15/17763925-veronica-mars-movie-raises-57-million-slick-casting-and-fast-filming-expected…
love it - thanks joshua!
new columns added...apologies for not including those from the start!good news: we are 150 deep!  add yourself to the marshmallow database: http://bit.ly/113yelg
@ karen smith i never think of vampires when rob and kristen are mentioned in fact it took me a second to get your reference because personally i can't stand that "t" trilogy haha.
@tess - there might not be any other ok fans...yet.  i'm sure they're there, we just have to find them! @kcharles - please feel free to add columns at the end.  i was curious about who else was going to the other events - l.a. & ny & tx premieres and after-parties, as well as any who've signed on as "extra for a day" on set. it would be awesome to fans share their extra experiences, so we all get to live a little vicariously!!!
thank you @mark l
hahaha karen!
lol  true
so funny...this is the only place in the world where you don't think of vampires when "rob and kristen" are mentioned...
can we add columns to the directory for the premieres and other events? be fun to see who's going to what.
no other oklahoma marshmallows :(
http://bit.ly/113yelg ps..new update!
@grubby its the new ticker! lol. glad to see some commonalities are becoming more apparent now. bit.ly/113yelg
emergency notice: boston marathon hit by 2 bombs at finish line. 2 dead, 80+ injured.
watching live updates of the vm fan list is almost as exciting as watching live updates of the pledges!
on thursday (too late for me) you updated the faq "we did research the possibilities for offering different women's sizes, but it just wasn't feasible." sorry, that is not a cool move. sounds like a bad joke.
@lady - you could probably design your own (like i do with tshirts) from a site like http://www.customink.com/custom/custom-sweatpants.htm, or just go with basic black pants, since i think both shirts are black.
@sandy mortal kombat, legacy. proof positive. :)
does anyone know if there is veronica mars pj bottoms? i am a t-shirt backer and would like to get bottoms to go with it
love that this is still open!
@brent - you mean the pic of my minivan marsathon?  :)
@jennifer re: photo...wow.
@alyshaand derrick gregg: there hasn't been any official updates yet, rob must still be catching up on his sleep ;)
it was in a filtered state, thats why it was showing few names. i left a comment in the comments box, that it might be best to export a copy first and do your sorting outside of the live doc.
hey question for all i just want to make sure i'm with everyone else on this but has anyone gotten any updates, emails, t-shirt emails or anything? i haven't seen anything but i also made an update to my email so i wasn't sure if i missed something or not? it's been really quiet in my end. i haven't heard anything since the update before the kick stater ended. tia everyone
i'll check the listing as soon as i get home, unless joshua beats me to it!
oui :-)
@antoine j'ai pu voir dans la liste que t'etais français aussi :p
it's ok! all is ok, somebody probably repaired it.
@antoine sorry, i hadn't seen it. (sorry for all the language's mistake, i'm french)
@codisai exactly what i mean
i think there is a problem with the fan listing, we were more than 80, and now there is... just one name.
@jennifer , hi i can't see the others, the lines won't show is that normal?
and now, my secret marsathon... https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bh6tax4cmaekvta.jpg
@jennifer - thanks so much for your support!  i know you're going to have a lot of fun with it!
@brent - just snuck over and contributed to your kickstarter project.  it sounds very cool!
@jennifer  thanks for the vm group link and for joshua for the great group setup - very cool... just added meself too.  =-)
i can't remember who suggested that i come back to post my thoughts after watching the last episode, but all i can say is what?!?!  i need closure.  i am so glad that i backed this project!!!
@jennifer, just park in a back parking lot somewhere and drape your car with a tarp. you'll be good to go. nobody will suspect a thing. :)
@jennifer i think i just added myself.... :p
oh - for those of you interested in a vm fan listing to link up with marshmallows in your area, be sure to check it out/add yourself!  we are at about 80 now!!! http://bit.ly/113yelg
@manseh - thanks!  i'm a crazy tshirt machine...but only for vm! i'm ready for today.  veronica mars season 1? check.  dark sunglasses? check. coffee? check.  now all i need to do is drop my kids off and find some back alley to park the car in so i can watch undisturbed!  :) have a great day, marshmallows.
@balabanto i agree. how many shows got worse after the networks stepped in and meddled with them? making it a web series puts creative control for the n&n files in the hands of the showrunner. i wouldn't be surprised to see other creative people bypass the networks and the big studios in the future.
@sandy the thing that shocks me about this is that the n and n files campaign isn't targeting groups like hrc that would dump tons of money into this project through the desire to expand their political views. the thing about making this an internet series is you can't block it or censor it. hollywood, as veronica mars proves, is entirely too fickle.
@robin miller -- glad to have found another fan. i always liked christina cox, too. i hope their web series does well and proves the networks wrong.
@brandi - if you are still looking for smaller projects to back, i saw this one the other day and decided to back it. even if you don't want to back it, check out the video, it is quite inspiring. i have also been a bit addicted to checking out other projects since vm finished. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/405192963/landfill-harmonic-inspiring-dreams-one-note-at-a-t
@jennifer -somehow the car seems a very appropriate place to watch veronica mars. pretend you're watching a bugged city:p if you can place a prop camera in the window as well you'll be sorted. also, have to say, all your t-shirts are great!
i read about it on the first day. kristen bell posted it on facebook and i was so surprised and excited. i'm so glad i didn't miss this! :)
sandy, thanks for posting the info about the n&n files project at indiegogo. i hadn't heard about that, and i'd really like them to succeed. those are all actors i like, and it's pretty amazing that several well-known actors would be committed to a not-yet-funded web series. i especially liked christina cox in blood ties.
oh, well. even if they've already decided to break the fourth wall, we still get a vm movie!
well, i guess the awesomeness abounds then.  thanks, dana! what i would give for a day or two of nothing to do but watch veronica mars episodes.  i'm thinking i'm going to bring them in the car to watch between all the kid dropping-off, picking-up and waiting.  in fact, i think i'm going to get myself a starbucks coffee, drop the kids off at their schools and then hide out in the car watching them. this is not the life i pictured when i was watching veronica mars the first time around.  hehee.
twas me, guilty. ;-)
ah, that would have to be the work of another marshmallow...as i have been bundled up in bed well into my s1 rewatch marathon! :) glad to see the list growing. this will be great come game time! vmars fans rule!
rob tweeted dax will make a cameo
@fiatluxury - so funny, but that blog (from the link of the dax information) is actually where i read about the kickstarter campaign.  he blogged about it fast, since when i went from his site to check it out, it was only an hour or two in.  i didn't jump in until a day or two later when they added new stuff the second time. guess i owe a thanks to mr. perez hilton.
@dana and @brandi - just got home to see that joshua already changed the spreadsheet so that it can be sorted by state or country.  is he quick or what???
rob tweeted something a while back about dax being in the movie, but i don't think it's a significant role.  my guess is he plays (spoiler alert?) whoever veronica is dating at the beginning of the movie...and who she hopefully quickly breaks up with!
i think they did write him in as a cameo, but i don't think he's in the movie otherwise - though of course i can't actually recall where i heard that.  here is one bloggy speculation:  http://perezhilton.com/tag/dax_shepard#.uwtbzrwr92a
@dana, i haven't heard any rumblings either, the thought struck me, and i think it would be a distraction. not to worry though, nepotism isn't prevalent in the entertainment industry (hee-hee ho-ho).
duke: wasn't aware that any rumblings about this were around? i agree. fourth wall, and there are other actors who played on the series we would love to see in the movie.
as much as i think dax sheppard is a seriously hilarious and talented dude, i hope they don't put him in the movie, because the whole time i'll be thinking "that's veronica mars baby daddy in real life." dax sheppard is the fourth wall.
still psyched about the veronica mars success!!!! side note: salamanders in berkshire mtns of ma two hours left needs $800 more http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/827197836/documenting-rare-species-blue-spotted-jefferson-sa/backers
awesome, glad to see there are some local(ish) marshmallows! if any of you are up for drinks/beers sometime, perhaps we can organize a small gathering.
was just channel surfing. just caught piz on 'the help'. nice surprise.
brandi: here's a playlist of them. i am slowly adding them back. yt took them all down once upon a time. trying to emphasize the fair use critique/discussion this time. :-) (http://www.youtube.com/playlist…)
oh, i agree with dana! that would make things much easier to sort! i know i was just scrolling through looking for other in the western ny area and it would make things much simpler if we could sort by state. good idea dana!
@jennifer cheng: can i make a suggestion for the spreadsheet? make a separate column for the state so we could sort and group by location?
a friend of mine posted on fb about this the very first day it happened - don't know how she heard about it, but i'm so glad she did,so i could pledge and watch the counter the first day.  really mesmerizing!  am also going through withdrawal and keep checking this page fruitlessly... it's like the campaign was getting a little spring rain after years of drought, and i am still thirsty.
@markl niagara falls on
this project is sweet..
@jennifer thanks, very awesome! and many thanks to joshua!
waiting on a kickstarter update :x
hey all, just thought i'd cut-and-paste this from the "backers for veronica mars movie" facebook page, in regards to the fan listing.  you know you want to jump onto it.  you do. i can tell.  :) "joshua eliano wrote: marshmallow/backers database! add yourself, share as much as your comfortable with. this will help coordinate meet ups or keeping in touch or solving crime or riding ponies!" http://bit.ly/113yelg
@mark l, i'm in niagara falls, ny. not terribly far away :)
@mark i missed your first tweet - i am ion toronto.  anyone els
@tanya -- that looks like a good project to back. that might be the one :) i've known the artist for the curious concepts project since high school.  she's a good friend :)
thanks for turning me onto that brandi!  the artwork is different and lovely!  if you are looking for something else to back, check this out http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1597899565/ricefield-collective-knit-4-life i have no connections with it, just looks like a meaningful project!
so i asked this during the campaign, but it dropped off so fast that by the time i came back 2 hours later, it was 15+ pages into the comments, and i couldn't weed through it all to see if there was a reply. any toronto marshmallow's out there? just wondering if there was a group up here in toronto, might be fun to meet up with some other backers.
@dana - great editing, great video! thanks for sharing!
here's another project that could use a little help. it's at indiegogo instead of kickstarter so it's a flexible funding campaign, which means even if they don't hit their goal, they get to keep the money they've raised. nikki & nora was a pilot for a tv show that didn't get picked up by the network. it's about two female cops in new orleans. since the network passed on it, they're trying to turn it into a web series. in the web series they are going to be private detectives instead of cops. if you like female detectives, you might like this show. the web series will star christina cox (of blood ties and defying gravity), liz vassey (of tru calling and csi), armin shimerman (of buffy and deep space nine), and jim beaver (of supernatural, justified and deadwood).  here's where you can watch the pilot: http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xstego_nikki-and-nora-2004-unaired-pilot_shortfilms#.uwsd6rxu-so it's also on youtube: http://www.youtube.com/watch… here's the link to their fundraiser, any and all help would be appreciated: http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-n-n-files
can i ask for a little "are we having fun yet ?" at some point in the movie ? :) i miss veronica mars, but i also miss party down !
the lizzie bennet diaries has a kickstarter and there is a huge overlap in donors for vmars and that project. check it out if you are looking for the next thing.
@dana, really cool video! i'd love to see your others! @christina -- iove the shirt in that picture! :)
from rt twitter about 4 hours ago =) https://twitter.com/robthomas/status/323486699239927809/photo/1
@joshua, i completely get what you mean! all of a sudden i'm feeling generous. i backed my friend's project (something i would have done regardless) but now i'm looking for something else to back. so, if anyone knows about a small project that could use the support, let me know! i've done a little browsing but other than http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/690850738/the-curious-concepts-project (thanks again for the support joshua, samantha, and tanya) i haven't found one that i like yet. so yeah, i'm certainly in the mood to back another project and bonus if it will help out a fellow marshmallow! send me a link if you've got something :)
@joshua eliano - same here. i'd peeked at ks a few times, but never joined before now. i've since backed 3 other ks projects on top of the vm one. i may be hooked *lol*
oooh, i found my backed up fanvids. i am probably most proud of this one (http://youtu.be/fcmo-nq8ps8). i have a wallce "best friend" one, too, but i'll have to ul it later. :d
i joined ks specifically for vm. i've had a few fandoms have projects over the years, but for some reason never pulled the trigger and joined/backed (both went on to be successfully funded).  and now...i don't know if it's withdrawals, or wanting to help others and keep this feeling going, but after this was done i went on a backing spree of sorts! lol. not much of course, after the pledging done here, but something. i went browsing through a lot of cool projects, and found some posted here as well.  it was really cool seeing others in the same boat as us. so thanks rt and vm! great experience so far!
@james, i caught a episode of veronica mars on soap net while i was babysitting at a friends. it had been quite a while since i'd thought about the show and it was one of those "oh my god, i loved this show!" moments. immediately had the urge to rewatch the series. i got all three seasons from a friend and spend the next weekend while i was out of town for work watching all three seasons. it was like finding a long lost friend and getting reacquainted. my dad actually saw me watching one of the episodes and told me about the movie. i immediately looked it up but that was only about two weeks ago. i was waaaay late and completely out of the loop lol. it took me about a week to make sure i'd have the funds and then i started backing the movie a mere week before it closed.
@james, yeah, i can imagine it must be difficult an atmosphere to match this elsewhere -because seriously, we were (are) part of a magic moment :p :d still, you never know, the forum for the mjh project could pick up -all it takes is for someone to start i guess... eeek, less than 200 backers and 'only' 25.000 -i think i read some articles about the danger of believing that 2mil would be an easy target to meet from now on -it really requires for everything to come together just right.
wow i talk alot and type slow sorry about that guys :)
and no your not silly at all, i think that's also why i decided to back the mjh darci movie so the (action) would continue.  sadly there's very little action over there 3 days already gone she only haa 151 backers with a lil over $25k.  it makes me curious how the heck did we get $2mil in 12 hours?  i mean aside from the fact that we are awesome.  how did people even know about it? i myself joined around the 2 week mark when we had already passed $3mil it's funny i remember looking at counter saying $3mil+ then watching the intro video for the first time and hearing them talk about if they reach their goal and laughing.  then started reading all the comments and talk about the highest number of backers to any project.  that's when i decided to pledge it was just a question of how much i could afford and what prizes i wanted most haha.
rt doing lots of tweeting right now!
@brandi -it does! and i feel all the losses that you've listed keenly!
@james, yeah you're so right! loss of updates (with the same frequency), loss of the counters, loss of the frenzied commenting, loss of that palpable sense of community (even though we all know that marshmallows stick together lol), loss of the promise of new rewards coming and the feeding frenzy that created, etc... @mansah....going cold turkey sucks lol
@james -definitely withdrawal symptoms. it's collective cold turkey:p
mjh draci movie doesn't sound interesting to me so i'm not going to back it.
@brandi, i know, i feel exactly the same. i lived and breathed with the counter for a month; it was the first thing i saw in the morning and the last thing in the night... we'll get the updates back, albeit less frequently, once rt has recovered from this month and everything starts rolling... but we're not going to get that countdown clock back :( i definitely want a countdown clock for the film somewhere -it's not the same, but it may help...
@emilie, i'm not sure about the videos (though i do hope those keep coming!) but the updates aren't over. after rob and co. regroup, we'll get awesome new updates :) i really miss watching the countdown clock. i understand that is ridiculous, lol, but it is what it is. the other kickstarters i'm following are much smaller projects so they don't give you the same rush watching the counters lol. those counters go up every day or so. they don't grow by leaps and bounds every second. :) $164 dollars to go and the curious concepts project will be funded! yay =d still 19 days to go. how many of you guys joined just to support the vm movie? anyone else helping support a small project?
i think we are all suffering a little withdrawl/backers remorse or should i say loss, loss of updates loss of news etc...
@brandi i just miss the updates!! i want to wake up to another video in my inbox :(
@mansah, its almost like i keep waiting for rt to throw another kickstarter up or something ya know? or for this to reopen lol. another kickstarter campaign titled veronica mars movie: car chase & nudity fund? perhaps a veronica mars convention kickstarter? lol :) haha, its not really that i'm in any hurry to spend more money or anything....i just miss the counters rolling. is that silly? :)
@jennifer thank you for the update!
@ emilie - thank you! email has been sent.
joshua eliano is the creator of the spreadsheet of fans - awesome idea, right? when i get home, i'll send emails, or if you want to add your info more quickly, you can email joshua eliano (email listed below.) you guys are all so awesome!
@jenn, got your fb message in my "other" folder (fb is so ridiculous with that!) and added my info.
wow, it feels so sad that the counter is no longer clicking, still don't think it has quite sunk in... it feels a little like being on campus out of term time... @thomas, mars investigations has a small screencap of all the big 'events' -you can find it if you scroll down http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/
@emilie - i would like info on the fan list as well please - gigasabsi@web.de. thank you so much!!
@varity - another fan, jennifer, has been so kind as to compile one for us! just email her at: jennannecheng@yahoo.com - she will add you to the list! @thomas - i just got lucky! it's also what happens when you're watching the counter very intently to avoid writing a theory paper for grad school :p feel free to copy it from my profile - it's all yours!
@emilie: i love your avatar. where did you get the screen-cap of the 90909 moment? i tried to capture it myself, but my screen jumped right over it.  thanks,tom
to echo jenn, the marshmallow database will be great for coordinating meetups with fellow marshmallows! you can email me as well for the fan listing: marsbackers@gmail.com
@emilie - i would like info on the fan list as well please - varitys@gmail.com.  thank you!!
@jennifer - just sent you an email about the fan list!
what  happened  to  the  something  happens  website
or at least thedigital download available for outside the us i honestly can't / don't see why they are having so many issues. plus the wording on the prizes is sorta hard to understand in some cases you don't really know everything your getting.
that marshmallow looks like a pacman ghost haha
i think so too. they have to make the dvd available for people outside of the us. then they might have a chance.
im backing it but right now only for a buck i already spent money i don't exactly have on vm tho i am pleased with every penny i spent on that one but with darci at $1 for now i get all the inside info not offered to non backers as time goes on i may up my pledge but in all honesty i don't have high hopes for that movie not at the rate its going.
@james i'm backing the mjh movie. you, too? i hope it gets funded!
i love rob's shirt, in the twitter picture! so awesome! :)
@jon - check your email!
@lilly - rob has been busy!  lol - hangover-smangover...
rob just tweeted "@robthomas: here it is — the completed script! just printed it out. plus, a great t-shirt from a vm fan. http://t.co/40th37ro2s"
new tweet from rt!
hey guys, if anyone is interested, i run the fanlisting for the first season of veronica mars. the idea is to get as many people listed from as many different countries as possible. it's just a fun way of showing your love and support for the show's first season. the url is http://i-heart.net/vms1 if anyone wants to check it out and/or join. =d related, i also run the fanlistings for logan echolls: http://i-heart.net/logan and jason dohring: http://i-heart.net/jason i don't normally pimp my sites out, but this seems somehow appropriate, so hopefully nobody minds. :)
@marci - joined the group!  i live so close, i think i have to head down there tickets or not!!! @jon - checking my email now!
btw just out of curiosity is anyone here backing or keeping track of that mjh darci movie?
@ rebecca i hope those kittens were 1 female (preferably blonde) and 2 males haha btw i want one to i love kittys
@jennifer  i sent you an email to get on the list and get the list.. thanks!
awwwww! @ rebecca  i want one!!
i set up a facebook group, called alterna con, for those attending the #veronicamarsmovie sdcc event, who talked about wanting a place to connect.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/513949835335787/ if you're attending, please join & pass the link on to your friends. thanks! : )
@rebecca - that is awesome!
i had a volunteer shift at my local animal shelter today and got to name a trio of new kittens.  i chose veronica, logan and duncan.  just thought i'd share.
@brandi - i sent you the link on facebook, via a message.  lol - i got a pop-up from facebook saying that the message would be delivered to your inbox for $1, otherwise it would be sent straight to your "other" folder. umm...it's in your "other" folder.  :)
@brandi - i'll take your info and pop it in.  robin (from the facebook vm page) is collecting the info off her page, but if i understand, not sharing it unless you send a private request.  that's great, but the spreadsheet was an easier access for those of us desiring it.  the link is on the fb page, posted by joshua eliano.  :)
i was thinking we'd surely get video of rob as we broke the record! i keep checking my email ha
(raises hand) @ emile make that 2 of us
@jon, i'm doing well....a little stressed lol. i have a few killer assignments due for school. this kickstarter campaign has been helping me stay energized and motivated and now...**tear** its all over. i'm crashing and that does not bode well for this unit plan i'm supposed to be writing!! @jennifer cheng -- i've already thrown my info out there on fb so i should be on the list but i'd love access to the list! if you're sharing it via google docs, add me at insane4eternity@gmail.com or email me at insane4eternity@aim.com <-- i check this one much more often! @ emilie -- god yes!
anyone else anxious for a new kickstarter update from rob?!
good morning, fellow marshmallows.  just thought i'd let you know that one enterprising marshmallow set up a google doc for those of us fans that would like to add our email and general area to link up with other local fans.  if you have any interest in adding your name and getting the list, drop me an email or catch me on twitter! jennannecheng@yahoo.com twitter: thatjenncheng
@brandi,  im doing great!  sorry for the slow reply, i had to reboot and widows decided to install 18 updates!   how are you??
absolutely loved the video, too, even though i had seen another version of it that was generously shared earlier. i donated to the mars bars campaign to get a 4th season and keep coming back to the fan sites, like neptune rising, even after veronica mars was cancelled. this campaign has been a joy, both because we raised enough money to make a bitchin' movie, but also for all of you. i have been lurking, leaving up the comments page and refreshing it every few minutes for hours every day. now, i'm a shallow empty husk without the campaign and watching the ticker. so, now i'm going to pile on with info on a kickstarter campaign that is almost as important to me as this one, especially since it has had more difficulty raising a much more modest sum of money.  alex cox, director of repo man and sid and nancy, is trying to raise money for his next film, bill the galactic hero, based on a classic sci-fi novel. he is filming it with his university of colorado-boulder production students and hollywood vets, who will supervise them. there isn't a nicer guy around than alex and his track record speaks for itself. for more info: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/alexcoxfilms/alex-cox-directs-bill-the-galactic-hero btw, i would love to get together with fans in the boulder area for the premier. maybe even for adult beverages now to exult over the campaign. making up for the silence now. rock on.
g'morning
@kcsdallas thanks for the great video/audio
if you like melissa joan hart of sabrina the teenage witch look at her kickstarter project "darci's walk of shame".
morning everyone!
morning jon.. morning guys...
hey josh, thanks for your support of the curious concepts project. the artist, kyle lefort, has been a good friend of mine since high school. she's got 19to days and $164 to go. i think she's going ti do well :) thanks again from a fellow marshmallow :)
morning! posting to top for good measure (though, if any issues exist you should be getting pinged by ks anyway over the next 6 days): a project i'm backing just succeeded and my card was declined. what do i do? if your pledge was declined just log in to kickstarter and click the “fix payment” button in the banner at the top of your screen. this will guide you through the process of changing your payment method. alternately, we'll send you an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue. don't delay, however: backers have 7 days to correct payment issues before they are dropped from the project (and therefore no longer eligible to receive rewards).
morning jon :) how are you doing this fine sunday morning?
good morning everyone
thanks for that video!! it's so great to see him so drunk:) lol poor things you missed the 90909 lol that was such a funny part!!
sorry, typo ... forgot the s  at the end of freeforum neptunerising.freeforums.org they'll kick my but if i get it wrong ;)
you're more than welcome :)
thanks tami
neptunerising.freeforum.org this has always been active, died off a bit over the last couple of years but was never "inactive" neptune rising was responsible for many campaigns after the show ended including sending mars bars, marshmallows and snicker doodles to the wb. they are a lovely bunch of people. and amazingly dedicated fans.
folk for your enjoyment pleasure, here is some high quality video from friday. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
there are so many fan sites out there right now, forums and such, but several of them have been inactive over the last several years. does anyone have a list of some of the active journals, blogs, forums, etc... it might be nice to compile a list of sorts (though there's probably one out there already lol). also, did everyone see the vm movie  kickstarter fb is making a fan directory?
i just hope the official site has a forum or something like this for fan communication.  if not then clint i suggest you keep one of your domains.  if we can't talk to eachother on an official site it may as well be on a fan site after all this whole thing was fan supported from day 1 anyway.
after reading the last few comments (older first) and reading clints grabbing of domains i started thinking as nice a gesture as it is rob may really wanna grab the domains himself so if the others are taken already (even if by a fan willing to let them go) he may wanna choose his own so my first thought was theveronicamarsmovie.com or veronicamarsthemovie.com.... then 3 posts later i read theveronicamarsmovie.com was grabed by wb.  i guess great minds really do think alike haha.
who would have thought a group funding website could be so much fun for the backers? :) i don't think i've ever enjoyed making a donation/purchase lol. as someone new to kickstarter, i feel like helping out with other projects now. is that silly? still, i am most definitely going through withdrawal from the vm movie project excitement.
the wb own theveronicamarsmovie.com and already have something up there about pre-ordering the dvd, the bluray or a digital download. wow they are quick
on another not i hope w wry one having payment issues can work it out in 7 days well i think 6 now
let rob and co relax and take a break. they've been working her the past month, they'll update when they get the chance but realize these people have lives & families. plus like @mark l said there's already been tweets.
regarding a veronica mars movie website - i grabbed veronicamars.tv and veronicamarsmovie.net (the .com is gone to a foreign site). i've told rob through his team that i have the domains and i'm willing to hand them over or help set up a site / forum. they said they'd get back to me. so just waiting. if it comes to it, i can set up a forum at veronicamarsmovie.net for us to use. but i'm just waiting to see what rob and the gang say re an official website.
so where we are all going to convene and chat now that the kickstarter campaign is over. there should be a veronica mars movie website - with a marshmallow's lounge. :)
reading stuff on the slave rats website.  thought this was funny: "after the show was cancelled, however, [david e. kelley] was interviewed by the hollywood reporter, and he claimed the lesson he learned from snoops was that he shouldn't hand over his shows to other producers.  the thing is...  he never did.  he didn't hand over the show to anyone.  he oversaw every line.  in fact, he wrote most of the show.  that failure is all his.  i'm not sure if the comment was a slam against me, or the guy who took over next, or the guy who took over after that, but i do know we were all offended."
@tiger with a name like chewbacca maybe it's from a galaxy far away...  didn't pay attention the first time.  jokes on me.
it's out of print.
@tiger. no, no spit bucket.  guess that is a true wine tasting.  i have been to vineyards where that is what you do.  i never spit.  haha.  they probably know i'm not that posh, even if i manage to buy a case of whatever i like best.  so, was that book you ordered just some light reading?  i didn't try hard but i couldn't find it.
@shayna that sounds way cooler than the crown book store i used to go to.  but did they have a spit bucket for the wine tasting?  cause i always that that was ridiculous on frasier.  swish swish swish, prrtth.  as for post-countdown, i'm good, although this snl is full more clunkers than average.
@melissa. i have read the notebook a few times.  always makes me cry.  i like historical fiction usually.  i can say i was out and about, and it's true, but it was at 7 in the morning.  my daughter is now watching with me.  :) @tiger. my favorite bookstore is a family owned shop, they used to have a cat that lived there.  very homey.  wine and cheese tastings with readings.  i also enjoy my kindle, which gives me free reign to buy a book at 3 am if i get a wild hair...  how you holding up post countdown?
i do not miss real bookstores.  this is me 15 years ago, calling a store that takes about 20 minutes to drive to: "hi, do you have the metaphysical elevation of deceased hypnotists?  the author?  chewbacca e. j. schrodinger.  ...  s-c-h-r-o-d-i-n-g-e-r.  i think.  ...  you don't?  ...  special order?  mmmmmmokay.  uh huh.  okay.  alright, see you in a month."
@james - i love the math obsession!
@shayna: i got "the notebook" by nicholas sparks. he's my "guilty pleasure" author. all of his books are pretty standard in plot, and ending, but for some reason i can never put them down!  you went to breakfast and to a plant sale...you have too been out and about, somewhat. use that as your "what are you talking about? i've been outside the house today!" excuse. :)
@melissa. i love real bookstores!  what did you get?  i went to an early breakfast (with lots of coffee) and then to a plant potting sale.  got some pretty flowers for the back patio.  now i just need back patio weather...
oh and it seems my obsession with math hasnt ended i did some calculations and found out we were only 12k away from netting $4mil
had some much needed sleep tonight and woke up to a slave rats confirmation email so life is good, now the waiting begins and since im not handcuffed to these numbers anymore i'm off to bed at a reasonable hour but i will return tomorrow.
@shayna: lol! i plan to continue my own, solo, season 2 marathon tomorrow. (been watching it over in pieces, to dull the pain of withdrawals!)  the real world is good! i got my car all fixed up, did a little bit of work, got my taxes done way early, to avoid post office madness, (weeks and weeks ago) and went out to dinner with my family. :) i also bought a book, from a real bookstore! i love bookstores! :)
@melissa-my daughter just pointed out that i haven't moved from where i was when she left for work earlier today.  season 2 marathon.   how's things in the real world?  i haven't been out for 12 hours.
greetings fellow marshmallows! just came back from having some delicious chocolate fondue tonight (marshmallows included :) , and thought i'd check in. how's everyone doing?
@mark l - and the party he held and jason dohring also came in for was a pretty big and personal way to end the campaign yesterday.
totally agree with you @markl
i've seen it take up to 3 days for the first update after close of the campaign [especially when it happens on or before a weekend]. also we've already had a few "we did it!" posts, as each and every goal was met, and then passed. let poor rob get some sleep, he's going to need it... now the real work begins!  i'm sure he'll post something soon enough.
i agree with michael. no updates once the goal is achieved seems, well, impolite. but thats just me. it isnt hard. michael southwick 21 minutes ago well i hope there's an update today... i've never backed a project that didn't post at least a celebratory "we did it!" update either the day it ended or the day after
i sure hope they are able to do the filming in san diego.  it is neptune, after all! just had to put it out there!
@b - too funny!! i assume rt and company are taking the weekend to recover - not just from the amazeballs that was austin, but also the crazy of the last month.  i'm sure there will be more monday - either here or on rob's twitter or something.
@jessica, i am!
@michael - interestingly, i just saw on the news that a remote island in the south pacific, associated with a country having no extradition laws, was just jointly purchased by one r.t., one k.b. and one j.d for the peculiar sum of $5,702,153. haha, listen i'm sure after this month and then last night he just has to be utterly beat beyond all reckoning and whatever spare moments of functioning there may have been were probably taken up by tons of serious meetings/putting stuff together. and as you said, we got a ton of tweets from them last night (and a surprise appearance). and fans posted up videos of the shindig.
@brandi. i'm in michigan.
well i hope there's an update today... i've never backed a project that didn't post at least a celebratory "we did it!" update either the day it ended or the day after. but i suppose, with this project being so integrated with other social media, it might be kind of a moot point anyway...
@jessica - i'm in irvine, ca...less than 2 hrs away!
anyone in san diego?
i agree with @tiger everyone has 7 days to fix and payment issues after that if you don't get it fix you don't get what you pledge and everything is final and they would probably give us some updates. i hoe by that time everyone payments will be fix and all the money went through. :)
wow! there are still a lot of people posting stuff here. well i don't know about having a countdown. that's just a long time to wait and time will go faster if there wasn't one, you know? ^_^; but i would love an update of the finale of this campaign. i mean, i know we broke the backers record and it probably will stay that way for a very long time, but there's no final statement update. or maybe they might still be loading the party pictures from that bar. ^_^
ow veronica mars movie we now need a count down for the first day of shooting then realise date!!! ahhhhh!
@jennifer -- yeah i hear ya. i joined a fb group for ny fans...though it seems like most of them are from the nyc area. i'm about as far from nyc (6+ hours) as you can get and still be in ny. :-/ so, that having been said, if there's anyone in the western ny area  near buffalo or niagara falls....go join the veronica mars new york marshmallows fb group! i'm all alone there :( https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/
robin, if you're looking to throw another $10 in for a project, here's the link to my friend's :) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/690850738/the-curious-concepts-project she's an artist trying to get up and running selling prints online. she's trying to fund the initial purchase of the mailers, sheet protectors, and other such things that she needs in order to start taking orders online. she's a really great artist with a unique style. two wonderful marshmallows chipped in, further showing the awesomeness that is the vm fanbase! :)
@brandi - well, i suggested it on fb, and it's been taken over as a sort of mailing/contact list, i guess?  i was just thinking some sort of directory would be a good way for us to hook up with fellow local fans - especially once the movie kicks up.. it would be fun to plan some local low-key vm meet-ups! like - i'm in southern california.  there's got to be other fans here, right?  :)
brandi, good luck on your friend's kickstarter project. i didn't even know about kickstarter before this. i feel like i should find some other good projects to kick in $10 towards, and i hope other fans do too.
@brandi - england, i'm a student doing my a levels at the moment, should be heading to uni in 2015 :)
same here!
@b haha, now i feel less silly for doing it, too.
lb - no, it is just habit now :)
is it wrong that i've spent the last 7 hours of today hitting f5 every ten seconds *staring* at 91,585/5702153/0? ?
is it wrong that i've spent the last 7 hours of today hitting f5 every ten seconds starting at 91,585/5702153/0? ?
i just stopped by to say hi to all  fellow marshmallows
jennifer, fb seems like a good place to start or a vm fan directory. i guess it depends on what you want to use the directory for? are you trying to set up some type of mailing list? are you looking to create a general group thing where news can be posted and people can chat and set up events (either large events or smaller local things)? it seems like a fb group or a lj or something would be the best for something like that. like i said, i guess it really depends on the purpose for the "directory." ya know?
@jennifer maybe a public spreadsheet on google docs/drive that each of us can add ourselves to (name, location, fb, twitter, etc) and it just becomes a living doc. everyone can spread the link via their social feeds
brandi- am from nyc. jennifer- i am one of the few not on fb. it is really weird now after a month not seeing the number counter go up and up. i guess i'll just have to wait until chuck or one of my other tv faves starts their own kickstarter page. :)
it is weird having rob and kristen (well sorta, she has a baby) quiet on the twitter feed. i've been checking it 20 times an hour.
@melissa yea he does deserve a break and i'm pretty sure he is prob still hungover lol
@brandi i'm from london, england and i'm a mummy :)  @tiger yea you are right, just having withdrawals is all. i like to live in hope.
so i'm still thinking on the vm fan directory.  are there very many of you not on facebook?  that seems the quickest place to have a page or picture where the comments can just be "name" "location" "email" and then i can pop them all into a spreadsheet to share. anyone have a more streamlined idea?  i know i'm not the brainiest here...and for sure "veronica mars...is smarter than me"
i think we shouldn't expect an update until at least a week from today.  they're still working on the kinks of who messed up their payments and such, so when that's all worked out, they'll have some money and they can spend it.
@kerryann: i'm not sure about an update today. i hope for one, of course, but i totally wouldn't blame rob, if he wanted to rest for a while, following all his tremendous hard work. :)
so where are all of you from and what do you do in the real world? ya know, aside from being rabid vm fans :d
and on the 32nd day, rob thomas rested. i think everyone's a little burned out after all that excitement.  the skype group has been pretty quiet today too, after the hectic chaos of yesterday with special guest star rob thomas where i was busy adding people for probably 20 minutes straight.  but we're sticking around.  just got things to do or things we neglected during the kickstarter.  i renewed my lease today.  i thought i was going to have to pay $33 more per month, but i only have to pay about $12 more.  yaaaay.
hey everyone... im also feeling the withdrawals! does anyone know if we are expecting a update at all today?
cheryl, you are not alone!! i've been obsessively checking this page all day and have been sad about the lack of frantic commenting lol. i want another happy youtube message from rob, kristen, or jason or something, lol! @jennifer cheng -- love the shirt! :) perfect day to wear it :) now i need one :)
posted video of the austin launch party and tweets from the party at www.veronicabars.com
@jennifer cheng a vm fan directory would be amazing!
@cheryl yeah i feel the same. it's like a piece of you is missing. :)
am i the only one who is having withdrawals from this website being frozen, and this journey being over?  i realize that the good stuff - movie updates - is only beginning, but i've been checking this site and all of the twitter feeds since it ended.  i just feel lost now that it's over.  ha ha!
me when time ran out and our movie was being made: http://youtu.be/s7b8adhadju legit.
@jenn - excellent scene from the show, excellent shirt.
still so excited that we did it.  this is just day one of a very long celebration, and i've got another tshirt to do it in!!! https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/323208132752994304/photo/1
@tiger that's oldskool awesome. #ubu
that's some bad hat, harry.
@lais, thanks for sharing the video from the event yesterday, what i wouldn't have given to go!
that stick.
bad robot!
sit, ubu, sit.  good dog.  woof!
love the mutant enemy grrrr arrrgggg lol
showrunners have their own production company.  i don't know the exact details, but these production companies are the creator and producers, writers and all other staff, but all paid for by the bigger studios like warner bros, 20th century fox, etc.  if you watch the credits of veronica mars, there should be a little rat thing at the end.  joss whedon has mutant enemy (grr.  arrrgh.).  conan has conaco.  lorne michaels has broadway video.  every show has them.
virginia - slave rats inc. is rob thomas' company
@virginia slave rats inc. is rob thomas' production company: http://www.slaverats.com/
@michael - thanks, that would be great. follow me there and i'll follow you back. i've already started using the hashtag #alternacon. : )
which is the relation between slave rats inc. and veronica mars project? i receipt an email from amazon than i paid 10pounds to the first by kickstarter and i don't know what the first is, so i'm very worried about it!
@marci: sweet, thanks! i met two others last night through twitter who are also going. i'll make sure they're in the loop :)
brandi, you're right, they're not!! hahah
robin, i'm there with ya! i'm supporting a friend's kickstarter now but its a much smaller project (a mere $600 goal) so it doesn't have the same feel, ya know? she doesn't have the entire marshmallow fanbase behind her project so the donations come in a bit slower. ;) oh well, now its time for the ny marshmallows to join christine's fb group! aren't there any ny fans from the western ny area??
@michael look forward to seeing you in san diego. i don't think they've decided on an official name for the event, but i've decided to go with alterna con. so, the twitter hashtag is #alternacon and i'll title the facebook page alterna con, as well.  if anyone else is attending the event, you can follow me on twitter @tinkmars and once i'm able to set up the facebook page i'll post the link here.
i'm just putting it "out there" since i'm sure someone else has... i would kill for a veronica mars fan directory, or email listing or something.  somewhere we could go by state or country or city to get together with other fans?  either in an online way or local meet-ups? plus, how awesome would it be to have one giant email list when it came time for planning activities around the release of the movie?  we could mobilize like an army!!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: @vmarshmallowftw
my bank account was charged twice for this.  anybody else have this issue?  how do i fix? why did it happen?  wth?  i'm happy to have made a donation, and think it's awesome, but i did not expect to get charged twice...
i really hate it that the donation counter has stopped for good! it was so much fun to watch it over the last 30 days.
leslie, are those days reeeeally behind you? lol
yeah i miss all the commenting!  reminds me of the days where i instantly wanted to be friends with people after i learned they were veronica mars fans. @marci, good idea!
@marci: a twitter hashtag would be cool as i'm not on the book of faces. and i will be at the sd event :)
it certainly has been fun :) ya know, it was much easier to procrastinate by chit chatting on here...when everyone was here watching the ticker :)
it's been such fun sharing the excitement of the past month with all of you. gotta love veronica mars fans!! we are the best!! : ) i was thinking of setting up a facebook page for those of us attending the event in san diego, to make it easier to connect with each other, but not sure if many of you are on facebook. also a hashtag to follow on twitter might be good. what do you all think?
thanks to the awesome marshmallows that have helped to back the curious concepts project! these fans share such a wonderful sense of community! :) alright so now that we've gotten the movie funded, its time to start planning a vm convention =) c'mon rob! let's get on that as well :d
anyone else missing the almost frantic commenting of the last several days :(
@dana s:  i'm in mi and i'd gladly travel to chicago for an event.  usually go there 1-2 times a year anyway.
dianne, i was so sad when they cancelled legend of the seeker! the books were incredible!!
so excited to be a part of this vm kickstarter project :)   (hoping that 'legend of the seeker' will do one of these soon too!! :)  ) http://www.saveourseeker.com https://www.facebook.com/groups/269657990457/ https://www.facebook.com/pages/legend-of-the-seeker-we-want-season-345/156332207714306 http://twitter.com/saveourseeker  ♥
congrats! i'm so excited about the movie. rob, on your twitter, you asked for sad songs. since i don't have a twitter account, i'm posting my suggestion here (i hope you see it!): "i want you" by elvis costello.
eh, whats an 8hr drive for a vm event? there's not even a question about it, i'd totally drive out there!
chicago is not only good for us midwesterners, but it's also a nice compromise for both coasts.
@fiatluxury -- rt said they'd try to release the movie in as many cities as possible and that they'd try to prioritize cities where the kickstarter support was coming from. i know marsinvestigations.net had a top 20 cities and states list going but the disclaimer there is that only about 10% of people listed their location when they backed the project.
@michael counting down the days bro!
did rt ever say what cities he figured it would be released in? about the only inducement to living in this nightmarish climate, besides the excellent restaurants, is that things actually happen here sometimes - hope the coasts aren't hogging all the theatrical releases.  (and dana, i went to school in c-u, many moons ago.)
i'm in ny (buffalo area) and i'd totally make the trip! :)
i'm in ny, i'd make the trip!
hm, i would say any backers from il, mi, in, ia, wi, and maybe mo would be willing to trek to chicago for a vm convention. i only see il and mi in the top 20 states, but that doesn't mean backers from the other surrounding states aren't there!
it's been great! glad to see the movie will be made, and one can only hope we will see a theatrical release more than just a few towns.
@fiatluxury: i'm in for chicago! (i'm down in c-u.)
@fiatluxury i second that!
@ phil. haha.  and for some reason i keep checking this page.  withdrawals.  watching "leave it to beaver".  aaron is pouring gas on the fridge.
man the counter hasn't moved in a while... joke... had fun with you all.. high five!! we kicked some starter for this movie!
i see according to http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/top_states there are at least 803 backers from ny state. there is a fb page and a twitter account dedicated to the ny marshmallows and there was mention of people getting together. if anyone else from ny is interested: veronica mars: ny marshmallows! https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ @nymarshmallows https://twitter.com/nymarshmallows
i vote chicago for a vm convention!
@george peter gatsis aww you are so sweet. i am happy to help when ever i can. =)
it has been a wonderful month chatting with everyone here. i would love, love,love to have a vm event planned in advance...maybe just before the movie release. that would kick ass! :d
@joshua: hey man! can't wait for sdcc!
@brandi: right?? if they were able to get that many people together with like less than a week's notice, imagine if they planned out an event in advance! i'm so jealous; i need to party with my veronica mars brethren!
lol--my bank just called me to confirm "suspicious spending" aka my sdcc pledge (since i hardly shop or spend much ever).  yes kind sir, that amount (including that random $1) is going to fund my vm movie. :p (but thanks for checking, they're on it!)
michael, that would be so much fun! with a little notice, i would totally travel for that!!! i just finished watching the video and i sooooo wish i'd been able to make it!
seeing the footage from last night makes me think a veronica mars fan convention would be a rousing success. someone get on that! i would, but no one's gonna want one in new hampshire, lol
and a couple that are hanging out on fb. (https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…, https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…)
so, back in the day, i made fanvids. yt long ago took them down, but i am willing to ul again in the interest of fair use discussions and critiques. right now i only have 2 promos and a s2 mystery theme on a playlist. please comment with discussion over there so hopefully yt won't take them down? spoilers for the series, clearly. http://www.youtube.com/playlist…
http://www.youtube.com/watch… here's a video from yesterday.. yep... i've never wanted to be in texas so much in my life!
if anyone out there is still feeling high on the sense of accomplishment and sense of community, can i convince you to help out with one more teeny tiny little project for a fellow marshmallow? my friend kyle could use a little help from a group of amazing people that don't know the meaning behind the word impossible. can we help make another dream come true this weekend? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/690850738/the-curious-concepts-project
@stephanie, i think you had to go to your amazon account and delete the previous payment authorization... i don't know... but when i upped my pledge, that's what i did..
@ petra - i would e-mail kickstarter @ stephanie - nope, all my payments and pledges went through correctly. i am still so excited!
i'm in the uk and forgot to add $10 to my pledge for international shipping, and my card has been charged for the us amount. is there anything i can do to add the extra $10 now?
i pledged the $25 extra dollars to get both t-shirts, but only my original pledge amount is showing on here and in my bank account.  did anyone else have that happen??
here are tweets from fans about the #veronicabars celebration in austin with rob and jason.  http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/tweets/topic/veronicabars
(repost to top) backer questions troubleshooting:  a project i'm backing just succeeded and my card was declined. what do i do?  if your pledge was declined just log in to kickstarter and click the “fix payment” button in the banner at the top of your screen. this will guide you through the process of changing your payment method. alternately, we'll send you an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue. don't delay, however: backers have 7 days to correct payment issues before they are dropped from the project (and therefore no longer eligible to receive rewards). no fear marshmallows.
@ christina greengrass... you are a beauty of information... don't stop. and for some reason, i am hearing the coca cola song, "we got the whole world in our hands..." but the word "marshmallow" jumps in there, where ever it sounds right... just me right? :)
same. *sigh*
so, the easter chocolate egg i got from work has a marshmallow inside as a prize... hm... have they been reading my twitter feed? (and yes, i'm just opening it today...)
me, too!
marshmallows!!!! i'm having withdrawals!!!!
hello fellow backers, not sure if anyone here is into online games, but if you are the link below will take you to a kickstarter project making a realy good fantasy game, and it needs more backers =) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/13861848/camelot-unchained
@fiatluxury nice article! thanks for linking that.
i found 2 more videos in addition to the ones shared earlier. here's a yt playlist. i'll add more if i find more. :-) http://www.youtube.com/playlist…
love this!!!  rob thomas describing a scene between love http://www.youtube.com/watch…
re-post>   lilly about 3 hours ago backer questions troubleshooting: a project i'm backing just succeeded and my card was declined. what do i do?  if your pledge was declined just log in to kickstarter and click the “fix payment” button in the banner at the top of your screen. this will guide you through the process of changing your payment method. alternately, we'll send you an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue. don't delay, however: backers have 7 days to correct payment issues before they are dropped from the project (and therefore no longer eligible to receive rewards). http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#trou
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @lori i'm so happy for you!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) ^_^
yeah!!! finally, payment went thru!! had to bother the heck out of amazon but it is done!! i am soo excited to be a part if this! it is nice to be part of a such a good group of fans. chuck and vm have the best fans! i am proud to be a nerd!
soapnet is a cable network in the us that mostly reruns old soap operas.
i'm very excited too.  i'm getting a combo pack with all episodes and movie and i'm going to use my hbrowser to index every single moment.  this is going to be so cool.   someone earlier commented that all these updates were interfering with their own fundraiser - can safely say all these nice updates haven't affected my own fundraiser either way.    everyone, may all you moments be marshmallow sweet!  =-)
question. is soapnet justan online thing? or is it on tv?
@zoe i agree - i can't wait for the first update after the end of the kickstarter :) this is really cool. so happy to be a part of this.
thank you david raigan for popping up those videos - they are great !!!!!!!!
im so excited , we is getting a movie made and with all kinds of cool updates from rob and the cast. so sweet!  luv ya'll fellow marshmellowz
i hope every body having issues is able to work them out. ((hugs)) just try to remember that the pledge packages listed on the side bar were optional 'prizes' so to speak, and not reflective of what you actually pledged with your cc.  for example.. i pledged $350 with my cc.. but chose the 'pledge $200 or more' package because it had goodies in it that i wanted. to check out the actual cc amount you personally pledged you just go to 'your backer history' (under 'me' on the upper right) to see any and all kickstarter cc pledges you have made for projects. that is the amount your cc will be charged.   =) ((hugs))
i'm so delighted that the uk were able to get involved in this, i was worried it was never going to happen!  i will say though, had the incentives not become available i would still have pledged money, i need this movie!! sorry to hear some people have had issues, i guess chopping and changing what incentives you were after has made the process confusing.  at the end of the day, we a got what we wanted, the movie.  so here's to seeing it in 9 months time or so, any other scottish backers out there? x
good morning marshmallows!! so excited for this project, i'm glad to see there are so many fans still here! my donation has been finalized and successfully collected...yay!!!
michael he is asking for outside the 21 countries. if they cant ship the reward levels outside the 21 countries i am guessing stickers are out of the question too.
soapnet to be airing veronica mars: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/04/12/veronica-mars-kristen-bell-future_n_1403072.html
@lori d wright - the only thing i can find that mentions something like that is here. do you have a business amazon account by chance? that seems to require a email verification. - http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#trou
@fiatluxury thank you very much!! i was so worried but if we have 7 days to pay i think i can solve the problem. congratulations everybody for the amounts achieved ;)
my $1 pledge and sdcc vip pledge went through!...a few hours apart, but both in. never been so happy to be charged for something
all five of my payments have been taken out! i signed up my family for a $1 pledges and used my amazon account as they didn't have one. only four payments were successful to begin with as i think the transactions were too close together. but i logged into the accounts to figure out which one didn't go through and it had the flashing "fix payment" banner and i fixed it. yay also, i sure hope to that everyone resolves their issues and that the veronica mars project manage to collect all the pledges so they can make a great movie! it's just great to have been a part of this journey. i'm looking forward to receiving more updates and have something to obsess over for the rest of the year. and the sticker designs on a t-shirt would be a fantastic idea! maybe they can be offered for purchase outside of the kickstarter campaign since it's too late to include it as a reward.
the update says all backers $10 and up, not $10 and up in the usa and canada.  so i would imagine that means, yes, if you are international and pledged at least $10, you'll be getting stickers.
miguel i don't know for sure. but i am guessing probably not
vanessa, i think kickstarter's email message says you have 7 days to resolve the issues.  you should email them to be sure, but if you can fix it monday i think you're okay.
rob said that everyone that pledged $10 or above would get the stickers. that means literally everyone? even people from countries outside those 21 that get all the rewards?
hi everyone!! i have a doubt and a problem. my credit cart doesn't work and i can't solve the problem with it until the next monday when the bank will be open. do you know until when can i realize the payment to the project? thank you very much!!! p.s. sorry about my bad english.
some thoughts from the web: i was looking for info on how many people showed up at dog & duck, and this person said about 500.   http://veronicamarsconfessions.tumblr.com/post/47847641789/thegeekiary-the-veronica-mars-movie-live-from
goooodmorning, marshmallows! i woke up and, out of habit, pulled up this website to check our numbers.. it's over! 5.7 million.. now rob and the crew can start making our movie! so happy. this was a fun thing to be a part of; i'll never forget it. especially with my new veronica mars tshirt and stickers! :) take care, everybody!
i agree with michael that i hope it doesn't negatively affect the project. i don't know how so many people messed that up. all you had to do was read it. you pledge an amount then it says select your reward starting with "no reward just happy to help" so that should've clued people in that the 2 weren't connected. i feel bad for you guys though cause i would be so upset if i missed out on what i wanted but all i ask is that you don't blame them or get mad. it wasn't their fault and would hate to see any backlash over an error that they didn't make. i would be at least trying to get it fixed but please don't blame kickstarter or the vm project
good morning everyone!! my payment went thru, but i didn't make any changes since i pledges the second day of the campaign. great videos david!
great :d thanks!
@ bela, you should be able to get both shirts.  when they contact you about your shirt choice, let them know you pledged more and request your 2nd shirt as well.
@bela sounds about right! :)
i have a pretty strong feeling they won't let people change and move around their pledges, because if they do it for one the potentially have to do it for 91585 people. we did have 30 days to finalise, change, swap and double check and i'm sure there are kickstarter terms and conditions hidden somewhere haha. fingers crossed for you tho!!
@ david -thanks for the video!
hey guys! so i'm from sweden. i pledged 120 bucks, and selected the 75 dollar-package, so i can get both shirts, right?
i think the "i saved veronica mars" is a great idea for a t-shirt!  i would definitely want one even if they offer it to backers outside of kickstarter.
it sounds like a lot of people got confused during the pledge process and/or didn't follow up with their confirmations to make sure they got what they wanted.  pledges and rewards are separately adjusted.  if you received an email confirming one and not the other, then you didn't get everything you wanted (due to someone else scooping up a limited reward, you changing your mind about a higher tier and lowering your reward but not your pledge, etc.).  i don't know what kickstarter can do about that now that the project is closed.  i just hope that this doesn't negatively impact the project.  when dealing with money, everyone should perform due diligence to make sure things are correct before time expires.  i'm not calling anyone out, just stating an opinion.  it may be the case for people who made last minute changes but didn't fully make the changes they wanted that you're stuck with what you pledged. anyhoo, i'm stoked this campaign generated so much interest.  now on to the movie! :)
ok, i now have video up of the actual kickstarter countdown at the dog and duck in austin last night. here ya go http://youtu.be/vqak60pdxgs
oh and for anyone that cares, i got my email from amazon and slave rats they got my $50 im all set.
i don't think so colin once the clock runs out all pledges are final but just to be sure how bout you email kickstarter and explain things see if they can help.
@christina kjergaard +1 for the "i saved veronica mars..." tag on tee shirts
i increased my pledge for the a higher reward but the email i got last said i was stilgoing to reciee the lower reward. is there any way to change that now that the campaign is over?
im actually really glad that i didnt cave at the last minute and up my pledge again, i really canty afford to pay $150 more just for a signed poster, no matter how much i want it.
jon and lilly - thank you for trying to help. hopefully my next comments will be yeah it went thru!!
thanks @david!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have posted great video from last nights austin launch party. here is the link http://youtu.be/knbdunlwvk4
as the wild ride that was the veronica mars kickstarter campaign winds down, i can only say thanks to rob, kristen and jason for letting us share in the experience, especially to rob for sharing so much of his excitement through his updates and for hosting the countdown to the final funding at the dog and duck pub last night.  (living in austin, i don't get to witness excitement like this about a movie project everyday.)  so now, as rob and company turn their attention to actually making this movie, they are carrying our hopes and dreams (no pressure!) of returning to neptune ca, where one intelligent and snarky young woman will seek to do the right thing in a world where it is not always clear what the right thing is. good luck to rob, kristen and jason.
@jon benavides. morning :) i really should say great morning, so excited for the updates and movie!!!
hey jon - i verified by email and even received a response back saying i was verified,  i changed credit cards -neither are expired, clicke od the fix button -
ahhh  your so great!!!
that's why i didn't direct it to her name lol
@jon i'm posting that for all the comments i see about credit card issues.
@lori,  ok but check-out the link i posted for you.. could be as simple as checking your email for your verification email from amazon when you set up the account.
@lilly,  her card wasn't declined.. i'm certain its because she didn't verify her account.. if she reads and follows the instructions i gave her she should be good.
i just called - they said it may take the computer up to 24 hrs to verify so i guess i need to be patient
could be that you never verified your email address..   that page has instructions on how to do so
backer questions troubleshooting: a project i'm backing just succeeded and my card was declined. what do i do? if your pledge was declined just log in to kickstarter and click the “fix payment” button in the banner at the top of your screen. this will guide you through the process of changing your payment method. alternately, we'll send you an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue. don't delay, however: backers have 7 days to correct payment issues before they are dropped from the project (and therefore no longer eligible to receive rewards).
@lori,  did you read this?  http://www.kickstarter.com/help/amazon
i'll look into it lori.. ill check back with you in a little bit.
slave rats payment successful. woot! woot! :d
the link i reposted is wrong here is the correct link. if you are having card issues follow these instructions > http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#trou
card is fine, i even changed the card - non are expired
re-post form @christina " for those that had their card declined.. at (literally) the bottom of the page on the faq it says that they'll "resend an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue"so as long as 7 days hasn't gone by all is not lost for you. =)  http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#backaproj "
@lori i received the same response as jon. try verifying your credit/debit card info on amazon. it could be something  simple--card might be expired and you need to update the expiration date.
i have no idea, although i have an email saying my acct was verified i get this mssg on amazon  #important message: as a result of changes to federal regulation, amazon payments is required to verify your identity. this functionality is temporarily disabled, pending verification of your information."  it looks like the acct doesnt know i was verfied....driving me nuts!
tax code id balabanto? i haven't put it in yet somewhere but maybe i should mention that i'm an international backer and that's why i probably have to pay purchases tax depending of the value of the rewards when customs is checking the package ( sorry for my poor english, i'm pretty sleep deprived after those final hours earlier)
@lori what wrong? i got one email when it ended from kickstarter saying the project was successfully funded credit card will be charged. this morning i woke up and got an email from amazon saying 'we successfully completed a payment to slave rats inc.'  that is the only emails i got about payments. if you guys are having problems try contacting kickstarter. i hope all payments go through i don't want rob and co. to lose alot of money for the movie.
payment successful!!! :d
count your blessings, agnetha. if the tax code id isn't right when the backer puts it in, fixing that is like flossing with barbed wire.
payment was successful :) the only thing i need to figure out now is if i have to pay purchases tax or something when i get the stuff
does anyone know what the trivia questions were at the party last night?
sorry, marshmallows*
charged, we did it fellow marshmellows :)
i had set up two different kick starter accounts linking to the same amazon account. the later payment was successful but the earlier pledge made on the first day got rejected. i went to the fix payment button on here but all it does is send me to a page that says the payment is still being processed. any thoughts?
mine went through around 1:00 am est
amazon payment successful :d
@lexi,  good morning =)
@lori,  no i didnt get that .. i got one saying that my payment to slave rats inc was successful without the rest of what you posted.
anyone else getting this message. i verified my acct via email and have an email back saying it was successful important message: as a result of changes to federal regulation, amazon payments is required to verify your identity. this functionality is temporarily disabled, pending verification of your information.
morning marshmallows!!! phew, so happy to wake and to emails that everything was fixed and now successfully processed!! hope everyone else that had the same issue got it fixed!!! love!
all tets is right i adjusted my pledge upwards twice and both times i had to adjust the level and select the new reward.  simply selecting the new reward (like tickets to the la premiere -still can't believe i got them at 4am local germany) will not increase your pledge.  even if you increase your pledge it is possible not to get a reward because the computer systems are processing someone else's reward at the same time (happened to me on the ny premiere) i received the kickstarter email but not the amazon payments one because of the time it takes for each system to update. still the best day ever.  now finally to sleep.
for me payment has succeeded at 8am (italy time - about 5 hours ago) yay! @deborah: i have received only that two emails :) no kickstarter email after the amazon payment
to add to tets explanation, when you go down to a lower level you may have to manually adjust the new amount you are pledging for, this does not always get done automatically. but there is the popup that shows you how much you are pledging and what level you are pledging at (also if you need to add shipping you need to calculate this yourself most of the time) that being said, it was a great run you guys, i would suggest to all the people that came here for just the veronica mars project and had never used kickstarter before, to check out the other projects there are new ones every day. you know how much fun this can be now ;)
if it succeeds, you will only receive that email from kickstarter and the email from amazon. you will also receive project update notifications if you haven't disabled that for any future updates. i'm not entirely sure what you receive when there are problems beyond an email informing you.
for future case, i can only recommend people pay careful attention to what they're doing. when you first pledge, you will get the 'check out with amazon' page which has the pledge amount and selected reward. when you are authorising the transaction on amazon, you should see get a page saying how much you are pledging/authorising (in addition to the email once complete). when you adjust your pledge, you will get a in tab popup title 'confirm your changes' which says 'please double-check the details below to make sure you’ve adjusted your pledge amount and reward selection as desired:' which will show the pledge amount and reward amount selected and you have to confirm. if you've increased your pledge amount, you will then get taken to the checkout with amazon page again which will show the pledge amount and reward selected and have to go through that process again to authorise another transaction. if you've reduced your pledge amount or haven't changed it (and just changed the reward you selected), you will just be taken back to the main project screen without being taken to the checkout with amazon' page.
i have a question, if anyone can help me.. after your amazon payment goes through, do you get an email from kickstarter confirming it? or is it just that first email saying that the project was successful and you'll be charged shortly?
amazon payment suceeded at 8 am :)
amazon payment successfully-le-le-le... went thru for me... anyone else?
anyone having problems with the amazon payment thing? my payment wont go thru..any suggestions?
it was wonderful reading the e-mail from amazon saying that they successfully got my pledge...yipeee :)
for those of you who pledged too much, enough for another available reward level, you can try using the contact project creator option. for most projects, they'd generally be willing to change you to the higher reward option (provided they're available). while they can't change anything on kickstarter most projects have some external database (for smaller projects, this may just be a spreadsheet or something) or at least something they can check for special cases particularly when they have add-ons so while it takes a bit of extra worth it's not that hard. if you want to reduce your pledge, this is likely to be more tricky as they'll have to issue a partial refund but perhaps they'll be willing.
could be awesome if wwe could choose the "i saved veronica mars on kickstarter" as a t-shirt... i think it would be so much more awesome than the other shirts :d i wrote to rob and his team and suggested it, now i just hope that they take it in considerating!  have a good day fellow marshmellows :3
add to 5´s and we have japan!:d 9158555, japan:  iehisacho echizen, präfektur fukui 915-8555, japan
we did it!!! :d
@hilde really, what about that morning ritual...today was the last time! but it was also great waking up an our ago in germany and see this huge success!!! i am proud of us all!! :)
i guess we are looking at about 4,7 million after fees, rewards, the documentary and mailing them out. :)
glued to this yesterday, just seen comments that jason was in austin last night as well, some lucky fans
you should probably mention you are "slave rats inc."  got an email from amazon and i thought it was fraudulent at first.
aw, man :d i didn't manage to do anything for my ba thesis yesterday because i had to stare at the numbers and comments ... well, guess i won't manage to do anything today because i'll have to read all of yesterday nights comments :'d thanks @robert! :)
aw, man :d i didn't manage to do anything for my ba thesis yesterday because i had to star at the numbers and comments ... well, guess i won't manage to do anything today because i'll have to read all of yesterday nights comments :'d thanks @robert! :)
it's 3:45am (nyc us time) i just wanted to say it was so much fun helping bring vm back on screen. every dollar was worth it to know i am a part of huge marshmallow bunch who love vm as much as i do. to rob and cast: kick butt i heart every cast member and i cannot wait to visit neptune again next year!
checking this site was a part of my morning ritual for the last month. what ever will i do tomorrow? i had a blast being part of this project, so thank you very much. i can't wait for the movie! i really hope veronica will sing in it :)
@juliane if you scroll down some people that were in austin video'd it and it jumped from 90908 to 90910 :') there's a great reaction from jason dohring to this on the video from holly m peterson
this one was posted earlier. http://www.flickr.com/photos/roniabirk/8643554683/sizes/l/in/photostream/
i kind of regret going to bed and not sharing the final moments with you guys, but in a way this is just the beginning so there will be plenty of moments to share in the future :)
awww man rob lied! jason went to austin! :) lucky america folk! :) i like that rob promised us some love :) :)
good morning marshmallows :) *just got up* i'm amazed - does anybody by any chance have a screenshot of when the number of supporters reached 90909?^^
anyone with problems - send a message to rob. click 'contact me' him and his team have been great at replying!
i can't see a link 'fix payment' on the kickstarter page like the faq says???
i can't find anything in the e-mails about issues, but i would start with the help button in the upper right corner of this website.
even though it's closed, is there still a way to pledge another 25.00 to get both t-shirts? (i did pledge over 25 to begin with - amount required for 1 t-shirt)
wouldn't *recommend* "rushing to pledge".  man, it's late.
yeah, do you guys think they'll at least help us sort this out or probably not?? i would hope to be upped to the higher reward tier if possible since i pledged that amount. i screwed up thinking changing my reward automatically changed my pledge amount too but i ende dup just going to the lower reward while still paying the higher amount. you guys think this can be fixed??
@juan well, i think kickstarter can improve the tier selection.  when you would click on a tier, it would select that pledge level, but if you already have an existing pledge, it doesn't automatically change the amount and you have to enter it manually.  i wouldn't "rushing to pledge" because there are confirmation screens and such that are easier to click through than it is to careful scrutinize them.  but like i said, these things can be easily worked out.
yeah, do you guys think they'll at least help us sort this out or probably not?? i would hope to be upped to the higher reward tier if possible since i pledged that amount. i screwed up thinking changing my reward automatically changed my pledge amount too but i ende dup just going to the lower reward while still paying the higher amount. you guys think this can be fixed??
@tigernightmare alright well, i've got my fingers crossed kickstarter will be willing to straighten things out. thanks
anyone with a video of rob & jason as the kickstarter ended? looks like you guys had a great night! jealous :)
@juan anyway, i think you can contact kickstarter to straighten this out for you to either reduce your pledge, accept two t-shirts or take the $50 tier.  when you start calling your card provider, you might encounter a lot more pushback and might even have to pay a fee if they determine it was user error.
wow... i wake up, go to check the final outcome, and 91 585 backers beams towards me on my screen. great friggin job you guys. thank you to everyone who donated - old fans, new fans, and those who only donated for the cause. what we have here is something special, and i will miss it once this comment section is gone. congratulations, all fellow marshmallows.
@tigernightmare i just did and it says $50, even though i, again, selected the $25 reward as it shows on my screen right now. i guess rushing to pledge makes it easy for kickstarter to lead me into something i didn't expect. like i said, i wouldn't consciously choose to pay $50 when i picked the $25 reward, so i'm a little confused as to how this happened. i'd still like to know how and if i can change the reward status if i have to stick with this payment.
check your the e-mails.  all your base are belong to us.
@juan check your the e-mails you got when you pledged.  it should show the exact amount you pledged with your reward level.  you also get new e-mails if any changes are made.
woo hoo!  payment went through.  i will miss this little community.  or, big community of 91,585!
coming back to italy...will be on skype as soon as i got home...
@ christina greengrass and @tigernightmare apparently the site says i pledged $50 even though i selected the $25 reward. i don't know how or why this happened, and i wouldn't consciously select one thing and write another at the moment of pledging on day one of the project being up. needless to say i'm fairly annoyed by this matter and if i'm being pushed to give the $50 pledge and unable to change it to what i originally thought i was going to be paying, i expect there's a way to change my reward from the $25 to the $50 at the very least. hopefully someone knows how to go about addressing that sort of change in reward.
hey.
alright, i'm off to bed. goodnight marshmallows!
hi tiger....
i'm sure everyone has seen this already...austin party watches counter... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
congrats everyone.
all payments have now gone through! so happy :) sorry for those having problems with cards! hopefully you all are able to get it sorted out!
@juan barquin - are you sure you didn't add $25 so you could get both t-shirts like rt offered in one of his updates? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/posts/448171
payment went through!
@juan i don't know if you'll ever read this, but any payment amounts that you see were the result of your own interactions with the site, or at least whoever has access to your accounts.  no one is trying to rip you off.
i was just almost charged $50 through amazon payments even though my pledge was only $25. i am cancelling the payment authorization. this is ridiculous.
just got home, saw email from amazon, then checked kickstarter - nice, big finish.  good luck filmmakers.
*wakes up* ... *grabs computer* ... *checks kickstarter* ... *cheers* :d
@tet yoon lee, i guess thats where i screwed up. i did change my reward to the lower amount and guess i didn't realize that doesn't change the amount. i wonder if thre is anything that can be done or at least just put me at the reward level of what i apid for. like i said i'm happy to of pledged just meant to lower my amount and screwed up i guess. oh well, hopefully i can get this sorted out, regardless i'm happy the project got funded successfully and i helped contribute
cool payment just went through. =d
congratulations to all involved....xx
glad i'm not the only one having card problems. money is definitely in there!! have resubmitted it so hopefully it should work fine this time!!
http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#trou
for those that had their card declined.. at (literally) the bottom of the page on the faq it says that they'll "resend an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue"so as long as 7 days hasn't gone by all is not lost for you. =) http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#backaproj
finally received the email from amazon payments telling me i was successfully completed the payment. i can rest easy now. :d
got my email saying my payment has gone through successfully. :)
yeah it turns out that it just takes a while. it's slowly walking through all 91,000 pledges in order of last made adjustment. if you finalized early you got charged soon after it ended, if you didn't finalize until the end it may be a number of hours away yet.
well, just after i posted that comment i got an email from kickstarter that allowed me to change my payment method. all good now! i feel relieved haha.
got an email from amazon. payment has gone through. right on. can't wait for the movie and the goodies:)
sorry if this has been posted already but i think due to the huge amount of backers it's taking a while to get all the charges to go through. i just checked mine in my amazon payments account and it's correct but hasn't been charged quite yet.
@chelsea hmm i'm not sure. but now i'm going to check my account to see if a charge has gone through. @vincent that's what i was thinking kickstarter would do. i'm hoping someone knows if that's going to happen.
@christina @rob - my transaction also failed and have since corrected the matter. will kickstarter automatically try again?
remember you can see the austin launch party tweets at www.veronicabars.com
n.b. remember that amazon emails go to whatever email address you assigned to your amazon account which may not be the same as what you assigned to your kickstarter account. check that in amazon. if you never received an email from amazon when you originally pledged you must be checking the wrong email.
i have uploaded great video from the austin, tx launch party. here it is http://youtu.be/knbdunlwvk4
@christina it rejected my card too, but after i called the credit card company, they said nothing was wrong, the charge hadn't even been communicated with them yet. maybe it's just a system glitch?
hi guys! just wondering if someone can help me out. i got an email from amazon payments telling me my transaction failed, and when i looked to see what the problem was, i realized i had my old card connected to the account. i added in my new card and now i don't know what else to do. should i contact amazon about it or something?
can i buy a t-shirt even if my donation was 10 bucks? can i ad 15 bucks to my pledge now so that i have a total of $25? i really want a t-shirt.  help!!!
also for those people who haven't received any emails from amazon about the payment being successful or failed, just wait. it can take hours when there are a lock of backers and it's only been 3.
uncle jesse : it's not possible that you can see on the side how much you pledged as it is not shown. the only thing shown on the side is what reward you selected. you can pledge any amount (up to $10k) provided it is at least the amount of the reward. are you sure you didn't pledge more then the reward level? perhaps you changed your pledge at some stage and changed the reward but forgot to change the pledge amount.
christine cahill: on the other hand if you receive a second email saying your payment failed after you re-authorised then there's something still wrong.
christine cahill: you most likely cancelled the wrong authorisation. it doesn't matter if you have other authorisations as kickstarter never uses them. it only uses the correct/last one. (this is one reason why me and others were suggesting it is unnecessary to cancel authorisations and you should be careful when doing it.) if you've successfully re-authorised after receiving and email saying your payment failed, wait a while as i don't think it is processed immediately.
@christine--when i contacted kickstarter about how many transactions would be seen--they said that it wouldn't matter, because they only charge once per kickstarter account. so, i would just go back in and change the payment method.
christine seghers: when increasing your pledge, you have to log on to amazon again, choose funding source and confirm and you end up back on kickstart saying you successfully changed the amount. you should also receive an email from amazon when you changed the amount. if you didn't you most likely didn't change it. in future if un sure, you can manage your pledge and check the amount.
we just made history. :>)
okay, so i see where the 2nd account i created was charged over an hour and a half later than the first. i created the 1st on the first day, the 2nd last week, and my 3rd account today--i guess, it should maybe go through in the next hour or so, if they are being charged in order of backing?!?!
well my transaction isn't going through because i cancelled my original transaction and kickstarter is telling me my 2nd transaction is invalid due to that. fun. "amazon was unable to process your _____ pledge to the veronica mars movie project because of a canceled payment authorization. if you canceled your authorization by mistake and would like to fix your pledge, please continue to amazon and change your payment method." meanwhile i have not one but 2 active authorizations on my amazon payments
my payment of $275 was successfully charged.  :-) now i wait.
@megan i believe you have 7 days to change/correct your payment method and remain a backer. good luck.
i've only been charged for one of my two...wish the other would go through so i could go to bed!
i updated my pledge for the second t shirt, but it didn't list the three seasons on dvd, does that mean i will not get them or just that it wasn't listed?
my payment went through =) now i'm out, rock on and goodnight marshmallows. i'm so proud of us.
my payment appears not to have gone through.
i still haven't gotten charged yet...
so the 90909 happened, after all. when i went to sleep last night, people were still worried we won't make it. :d
my payment didn't go through. i am hoping to change the payment through amazon so i can still help out! hope i get contacted so i can still be a backer for this awesome movie!
almost 3x the goal. gonna be one hell of a movie.
my pledge has been funded yay! that's next years birthday prezzie taken care o.  f  :)
i really thought that i had added $25 to get both shirts but i was only charged the amount i initially pledged. i guess maybe i did it wrong?
i'm confused, i had pledged $200 and it shows on the side that i selected that yet it charged me $275 and i received an email charging me $275. i dont mind supporting but the thing is that i own the dvd's already. can anyone give me an idea of what to do ???
amazon was unable to process your  _____  pledge to the veronica mars movie project because of a canceled payment authorization. if you canceled your authorization by mistake and would like to fix your pledge, please continue to amazon and change your payment method. i don't get it... my authorization says active.  yes i cancelled other transactions but i have an active one and i even just went to authorize a new transaction like it told me and it still says "there is a problem with your payment"
my money's gone. now, i wait.
@wolfvamp no actually i was the idiot that typed the wrong cc number in. doh! fixed and the $1 pledge is actually my second pledge i wanted to help up the backer number. i will have to change the reward pledge cc # too. :/
@christina and everyone else that's been able to provide so much useful information - thank you. i am sure you've helped a lot of people and put a lot of minds at rest. boy! marshmallows really do stick together when they're all warm and cozy, don't they?
@ricki dimitriadis ag good stuff. ignore my last comment to ya then *lol*
i woke up 10 minutes ago.... the numbers are amazing.... i have checked my bank account and email and there as been no problems.... for the guys who are online on skype i am coming homeeeeeee today i will travel back in italy .... see you tonight....
@ricki dimitriadis did you go to https://payments.amazon.com/  ? it's the address the confirmation email gives for pledge transactions. you can add, edit, or delete your credit cards there, as well as authorizing/deauthorizing your pledges.
mine funded....sooooo excited!!
nevermind just as i submitted my comment, ks sent me a payment method change. all fixed!
@dezilla  that's a great idea!!!
@ricki it was stated earlier: "under faq - it says if there is a problem with the credit card, you have 7 days before you are dropped from the project and don't receive the rewards." hopefully your day doesn't have to be all bad. good luck!
other than not being able to get the logan lovers package today was a good day! i'm going to bed with a smile in my face fellow marshmallows! it was a pleasure!  follow me on twitter @gabyguhu if you please!
ah crud, i wanted to up my pledge but it seems stuff just conspired this day to keep me of the internet ¬.¬
i am seriously annoyed. i received a transaction failure due to my card being denied. due to security issues a vendor i used my card with had, my credit union recently reissued me a new card. i had already added it to my account, and i thought i had changed my pledge to the new card. i have been unable to find a way to change my payment method. do any of you have any experience with this? i have an email out to amazon, but have to wait until tomorrow to call them. i was already having a bad day and this situation just made it a super bad day.
i think we should have a nationwide veronica mars season marathon before the movie premieres! :o
just got an email from amazon that my transaction failed! what gives? there's plenty of funds in the account... how can i solve this? there wasn't a option to change my card. i would if it told me how to. help :(
i had the austin package another acct for the logan lover's package.  i'm gifting a portion of the ll package to one of my best friends.  it's a surprise...until she comes on here and sees this. :)
@leslie solis - you're welcome! =) i'm glad i could help
@chip @jessica thank yall.  i looked under faq and yall are right - it says if there is a problem with the credit card, you have 7 days before you are dropped from the project and don't receive the rewards.  i should be in the clear.  thanks for yalls help :)
@ christina, thanks for all the help. i had tons of transactions from before but i have deleted them. gn
i've gotten one confirmation (from my day 1 pledge), the other two haven't come through yet, so i'm wondering if they go in order...just a thought. my last pledge on a new account was done today to get the logan deluxe package. my guess is that one will be last?!?!?
so other than contacting my cc company to let them know slave rats isn't a fraud charge, is there anything else i should do to make sure payment goes through?
@sarah  lol!  if your not joking i'll pitch in to cover your pledge.
it was fun! i just wish i could have done more--mainly focused on seasons 1 and 2, because i got tired. one of my students gave me the idea. she asked me if i was decorating for my marathon party, and i told her no. she told me to choose pictures and quotes and post them around my house! i thought it was a great idea, so that's what i did--over several days!
i haven't gotten an email from amazon or anything...just the kickstarter email saying it was funded =\
@emily i don't think it will be a problem. those kind of things probably happen often. as long as your new card gets charged i'd imagine it should all work out.
@emily i got the same email, changed my cc and received an email telling me it was successful. i think you should be fine.
woohooo! just got my amazon cc payment confirmation! i can go to bed now *lol*
@gabriela well someone should pay. you can't be expected to do this on your own. it's a disease after all. kinda'.
@gabriela lmao...i know how you feel
@mark i know!!! i'm gonna start a kickstarter to fund my newly found addiction for kickstarter campaigns.
working on mini-posters sounds like a fantastic way to spend an evening. (is a bit too much of my geek showing?)
finally getting a chance to watch burning love season 3 after working on 32 mini-posters for my veronica mars marathon party tomorrow--well, i guess today, now!
@elizabeth we've only been charged on my account and it was correct even though i changed it up a couple times.  my husbands account hasn't been charged yet so i don't know how that one will go - hopefully it will be done correctly too.  sorry some of you guys are having problems. :/ hopefully it gets worked out.
lol @gabriela an addiction is a difficult thing to break. a beautiful addiction is just that much harder. hum. assuming you even want to break it. lol
my card was cancelled and i got an email from kickstarter saying that it was cancelled and to update or switch cc.  i did so immediately.  does anyone know if i will still be able to get the rewards for the level that i paid and be able to have a transaction process??  please help!
geez, guys.. i've never been more proud to be a marshmallow. you guys absolutely owned this project! way to go each and every one of. now we must wait impatiently for a movie!!!!!!!!!!! woohoo! congrats to rob thomas and kristen bell! yay for veronica mars! and.. i can't wait to see some logan echolls ;) love forever
@james walsh - you're welcome! glad you will be able to sleep better now =) g'night
ok thanks christina i found the pending charge on amazon, i can sleep a lil better now haha
must. refresh. something.
well gang, you one upped my prediction of 5.5 million.  well done!  very proud to be a part of this groundbreaking project :)
i was on my $1 pledge elizabeth, it ended up being charged $25. i wonder if i get a shirt now that it wasn't the $1 it was supposed to be. :(
ok ill obsess over this tomorrow but i need sleep the numbers cant keep me awake anymore gnight all cya tomorrow
@leslie solis - i've put what it says in my amazon confirmation email for you =) "to view or cancel existing payment authorizations:  1.log into your amazon payments account by visiting https://payments.amazon.com/ .  2.click on the "edit your account settings" link.  3.select "change my payment authorizations".  4.click to select the authorization that you want to view or cancel."
was anyone else charged more than they pledged? :-\
@katherine!! just re-read  * the maximum authorized amount is the total amount you authorized to be charged to your payment method over the valid payment period. the total amount for all transactions cannot be greater than the maximum amount you authorized. makes a little more sense now!!!!!
@brian @prelude2cinema it's great that we finally get a chance to tell hollywood what we want to see rather than them tell us. here's hoping for greater diversity in films (and art in general).
as a filmmaker and "veronica mars" fan, i am so proud to help out in a small way to this great endeavour. now other tv shows need to come back to life this way with the help of the fans. can't wait for the movie.
@christina, how do i get to change my payment authorizations?
i am so awesomely proud to be a part of this. :-)
yaaaay! this is a great, awesome new moment for the industry. i hope it paves the way for the little movie guy (aka those like me). :-)
@krista, i had three different authorizations when i checked the amazon payment page also, but i cancelled the previous ones prior to the end of ks. in retrospect, i probably didn't need to do that, ks should only charge once...the authorizations are only an "up to" amount.
slave rat is rob's production company  = http://www.slaverats.com the charge on your cc is coming from there because kickstarter is funding the contributions directly to him and not wb...technically and amazon.com is simply handling the transaction.
found this on twitter: http://www.youtube.com/watch… veronicabars waiting for 90,909 backers but it jumped from 90,908 to 90,910 haha, seeing jason dohring laugh is so strange for me xd
@kelly: a ha ha - i totally just rewatched the entire series myself - right after i pledged. :d
@james until you get charged it won't show in the account history. if you want to check pending ones you have to go into "change my payment authorizations' section to see what is still pending charge
my charge went through, and we are on our way.  woooooooo hooooooooo! just finished up a vm marathon a couple of days ago.  that last episode of season 2 still rips out my heart.  i'll have to stage another viewing party right before the movie comes out!
this has been a blast. thank you all for your entertaining comments, links, etc. i'm thrilled to know i'll be sharing in future viewing pleasure with you all---amazing fans. congrats to everyone for this project's success!
just got my email. right amount even after i upped my pledge.
ok i just looked at my amazon payments account history, the problem is it lists no history nothing bought or sold in the last 30 days.... what up with that?
@amber thanks. :) veronica mars is a real inspiration to creators that they don't have to wait with fingers crossed - you can go out and make it happen.
@katherine thanks i was changed my pledge twice and when i went on the amazon payments account i have four charges pending and want to make sure it only goes through with the latest one
slave rats is rt's production company name. it's in the closing credits of the vm shows. http://www.slaverats.com/
@mark - liked your page, as well. this kickstarter has lit a fire in my "go get 'em" attitude. share and share alike. =)
@krista, i upped my pledges and only got 1 charge from amazon
@candy and christina: slave rats is rob's production company. check the end of your veronica mars ep credits. ;)
i got my kickstarter email but not my amazon email how long should it take before i worry
@candy,i think slave rats is robs company of some sort? i remember seeing it at the end of the vm episodes
@chip-thanks!  just wanted to make sure the $ went to the right project.  :)
i guess my question is do i have to cancel my previous pledges????
for those of you who upped your pledges. did you only get charged once or did you get charged multiple times???
@sarah smith so there's really nothing to do but wait to see if it finally got processed? i've waited years for this movie. i guess i can hold out a few more hours for amazon.
@chip: no i did not. bugger. i saw the change in the account at the time and thought it was fine. i didn't even think about an email. @mark: too true. in the end, it's all about the movie. :) @marvin: i'll check that out. thank you.
@kelly p - i'm actually going on sunday to sign a lease for shared studio space in naperville!!! it's a small world, after all. so crazy.
i had this happen as well because my cc company flagged it as potential fraudulent charge. got that squared away with the cc company and approved the charge. now i have an email into amazon and will call them tomorrow. i hope this doesn't result in me losing my purchased package.
@candy magurean - 'slave rats' was what mine says too, i think rt was being funny. =)
@rebecca - liked yours back. thank you so much! =)
@rebecca g-k and @amber and others - seems veronica mars has a lot of talented fans. check my page out if you get a chance. :) https://www.facebook.com/malsalteredego
@candy no worries, mine says that too, i think that's just the name of the production company or whatever behind the veronica mars project
greetings from amazon payments, we wanted to let you know that we successfully completed a payment to slave rats inc. for $200.00 on apr 12, 2013. this payment is related to the payment authorization listed below: payment details: --------------- transaction id: 17ozq7e9d199f3sn5j6mzv75ptouli7vzaq recipient: slave rats inc. amount: $200.00 for: pledging $200.00 on kickstarter. payment method:  reference: kickstarter com to view or cancel existing payment authorizations: 1.log into your amazon payments account by visiting https://payments.amazon.com/ . 2.click on the "edit your account settings" link. 3.select "change my payment authorizations". 4.click to select the authorization that you want to view or cancel. if you'd like to change the payment method used for this payment authorization, please return to kickstarter, inc.'s web site. you should find a link to change your payment method there. thank you for using amazon payments. this is what i just got.  and it is correct
@julie. just noticed the same thing appears to have happened to my $$ too. i used the managed your pledge button to increase my amount by $25--and i thought it went through ok. but both amazon & kickstarter still have my original amount. alas.
my kick starter email said my card was being charged for veronica mars, but my amazon email said it was being charged for slave rats.  thoughts?
@julie when you changed your pledge, did you get an e-mail from kickstarter saying you had successfully done so? i got one when i upped mine.
@ julie - try checking as well on https://payments.amazon.com and log-in using your amazon account. see if there's any activity there.
@agimano: lol
@julie you could be right. this is an amazing amount of backers, mistakes happening wouldn't be a surprised. hope you get whatever's going on worked out. in the meantime, you backed a cool project and are therefor by association awesomely cool as well. life is good.
my payment just went through! best money i think i've ever spent
@marshamallowout my cc was declined on my pledge but i click that same fix problem and it says processing. i did get an email from amazon stating that i didn't confirm my pledge (even though i did) so fixed that through amazon payments but the fix payment link still says processing
a big thanks to rob and jason the kickstarter party was amazing. thanks for taking the time to meet your fans!
amber - i'm a photographer, too, so happy to support another one. liked your page as myself and my page. my photography is https://www.facebook.com/rgkphotoplus
@amber. done! and i see you are in illinois! i'm in naperville area! fun!
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@brandy: i shall try that. i thought it would be a pretty automated process, but if there's a way to communicate, i'll give it a go. it's too bad the error was made though, as i suspect it means i am not the only one who had the issue. wonder if the size of this project caused some tech issues....
julie, i would just try explaining what happened when you get the email survey about the size on your first shirt they may find a way to work it out for you then since you are an official backer.
@colin: yes there was - and i did at the time - that's when i upped it to $120. you can't manage it now as it's closed. @wolfvamp: if it can be cleared up later - awesome! i didn't think it could be - not the impression i got, but here's hoping. i really did want both shirts. thanks to everyone for their replies though. i appreciate it.
i got an email that my card was declined. it sent me a link so i could change the payment method. when i click the link all it does is send me to a page that says my payment is still being processed. so i'm wondering what's going on?
@julie have you checked your authorized payments on amazon? maybe the right one is authorized there, as well as the smaller amount? if so deauthorized the lower one right away so they charge you the right amount
@amber done, i liked as me and as my page, converting your media :)
i haven't been charget yet =( still waiting
@james: i'll keep an eye on it, but if the kickstart email and my account say $85, i don't expect the amazon bill to say $120 at this point. drat. :(  oh well, the important thing was to help fund the movie! in the end, we all got want we really wanted. :)
charging to your card can take up to a week as they go through the verification process, they then take there cut off and pass the rest on this can take a couple of weeks to complete.
if anyone with la premiere and after party tickets can't make it... i will buy them off you with interest!
@julie  - there used to be a "manage your pledge" link on the main page but i suspect that it's gone now that the project is closed. i would think that whatever amount was in your last email will be what you'll be charged.
he got the money i guess that's that
@julie ruffell ahh, yes that's a different scenario ,but i haven't gotten my "funded" email yet so i don't know for sure.  [also, this is my intro to kickstarter] but give it a day...or so or check your cc website as @james walsh suggested.  after all 91k+ orders to process is going to take some time.  if for some reason it didn't happen correctly you'll still get the email regarding the 1st tee and can clear it up than.  :)
it looks like i've been charged. what an amazing community this is and the best part is that the ride is just getting started. https://twitter.com/markalester
i know it sucks but i say just wait it out and keep checking your cc online account thats the best place for the right info i only made 1 pledge so even tho i got the email from kickstarted my cc bill hasnt caught up yet but it will
@sandy oh good stuff! had me worried because i got the kickstarter email and was expecting an amazon one to follow. that makes sense though. there was a huge turn out.
mine hasn't been charged yet.
@brandy: so i just got screwed. :( damnit. :'( thanks for the info though.
julie, your email should have the correct amount. mine did when i upped mine it has the last amount i pledged :( i think yours got missed somehow.
@christina haven't charged me yet either, i wouldn't worry. i've heard some projects have actually taken a day or 2.
you should get an email from kickstarter with your pledge amount
how do you find out?
still waiting for amazon to charge my cc? any one else?
oic, thanks!  i suppose over 91k charges to make takes time. lol
btw if that whole %30 thing is right then they were able to net $3.991 million not bad not bad at all
@joshua mines processing still apparently
anyone not charged yet? =/
@james walsh: so the email may be telling me the incorrect amount? i should note i've never funded a kickstart project before, so i am just trying to figure out if i did something wrong, or if i will be charged the $120, regardless of what i'm being told via email/my kickstart account, and if it is some odd glitch that messed up my amount, is there anyway to correct it?
thanks @arianna!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@julie if ur cc has a net access id check it out online to see the currrent charges emails sometimes come in much later
@projecthalo if anybody wants to follow on twitter. mind you expect lots of wrestling and videogame related nonsense. :)
i am @ahay04 on twitter and i'll follow you back :)
thanks adam! =)
no @giselle lol
@amber done
since we're all about making dreams happen, please like my facebook page for my photography. (i'll like your page too, just ask!) it would really mean a lot. thanks! http://www.facebook.com/endlesslyphotography
@wolfvamp: yes, but shouldn't the email telling us our cards have been charged reflect the full amount? i pledged $85 when i first pledged. i changed it to $120 for the second shirt - it showed correctly when i did it, but my account (and the email i just got) tell me my pledge is $85 - there's nothing to suggest the $35 i added on, or that my card will be charged this extra $35. so, have i missed out (for a reason that makes no sense), or will the add on amount come in a second email later or something? :s
@arianna: haha, amazing
@julia - the official email from kickstarter won't include the 2nd tee.  when you get the email regarding "where to send your swag" do the following: for those of you who have expressed an overwhelming desire to get not one, but both of our official t-shirt designs, great news! we've figured out the details, so if you want to get both designs, you can! just add an extra $25 (usa) or $35 (international) to any pledge above $25, and we'll be able to send you one of each! (sorry about the higher price for our backers outside the usa. unfortunately, it's needed to cover the higher overseas shipping costs. we love all of you equally, we promise.) when we get in touch to collect your size and design preferences, you'll be able to let us know if you contributed extra and would like both t-shirts. it's a little extra work for us, but baby, you're totally worth it.
okay, random thought and although i've never been a twilight fan, how much better would kyle gallner (beaver) have been as edward! http://mediamikes.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/kylegallner.jpg
i am @whyaskit1 on twitter.  would love some marshmallow twerps.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: @vmarshmallowftw
have you guys seen this? http://whatkickstarterprojecthasthemostbackers.com/ too funny! (:
pledged on the very first day... this project inspired me to write a rock n' roll novel and will hopefully be funded thru kickstarter! can't wait to see this film!  follow me at @tonyloingowriter if you wanna! congrats to rob and kbell! and the fans!
but we are also #1!
@adrianna - haha that's awesome, and never forget, we are number three! we are number three! looks like they had a totally chill time down there, sweet.
@arianna thank you for finding the clip, hopefully we'll see an even longer one. i want to know what he said to wb...
we are number 3! we are number 3!
we made it! it's been a long journey, but completely worth it! this is the one time i can say i'm excited to see money leave my bank account when i'm charged my part. :p
@arianna: great find! i love the "we're #3" chant!
thank you @arianna ... that was an awesome clip of the countdown!!
if you didn't see this... http://twoboysanolddrunkandafallenangel.tumblr.com/post/47834682966/brief-clip-of-the-countdown-to-the-end-of-the
@julia: but the email told me i am only being charged $85 (my original pledge) not $120 (the amount i updated it to for the shirt). when i changed the amount it showed me the change but in my account now it says $85. :(
mine is @adampenrose1
good job marshmallows! i can't wait to see the final project! fingers crossed we get to see it in theatre in canada! if not thankfully i'll get a dvd! any fellow marshmallows wanna follow on twitter i'm @mego1608
@julia thinking about it i'm not sure if i've ever checked, i have been told in the past that it does, but i haven't verified that myself so i might be completely wrong.
deadline.com is now showing a sidebar ad of warner bros. digital distribution congratulating the veronica mars campaign, pretty cool: http://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/simgad/10042015427827251899
i'm currently only semi-active on twitter, but it's probably the most active i am on any social media right now. if anyone is interested @storygirl83 or @marlenaharris or . . . actually, we'll just stop with those two. i'm deleting one of the others eventually, or unfollowing all the followers and starting over since i like the twitter handle and the other one is very niche involving another fandom.
my email from kickstarter claimed 91561 backers but it still says 91585 ... hope all the last minute backers get counted officially
we have it. finally!! greetings from the irish! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project
@julie the extra shirt will be added on if you added $25 to your tier. it's not explicitly written in the description, so it's not in your email.
im @plane_crazee  on twitter.. i follow back too
found this on tumblr! it's rob's final countdown from the austin party! http://twoboysanolddrunkandafallenangel.tumblr.com/post/47834682966/brief-clip-of-the-countdown-to-the-end-of-the
screw you, madison sinclair!  you may get a convertible and a beatles cover band for your birthday, but i got the veronica mars movie made.   good luck topping that
what the hell? i upped my backing days ago to get both shirts - but now i just got an email telling me the amount and it's not included! can anything be done about this???
i'm @nfinitegladness on twitter!
@julia - no, i don't believe so. the total is the one pledged and hopefully very close to also being the one actually backing.
i've followed so many marshmallows today! come join the twitter party! @gabyguhu
and that's it for me. drop me emails at championsguru@gmail.com if you want to chat. this is my last kickstarter for a while. this month totally ate my face.
so that was fun!  reading comments and watching the numbers tick up.  anyone from lancaster pa, i will see you opening night next year! :)
my twitter is @nightowl555
i'm calistnggrl on twitter :)
i'm @scgirl_at_heart
i'm @latinkabelle on twitter, tho i use facebook much more often. :)
@mara i did not make a noise of excitement. i made a noise of pain. my cat decided i was a toy.
my twitter is @alwaysadrianne if anyone wants to follow. i will follow back.
i just made an inhuman noise of excitement. i'm so happy that the fans worked together to kick some ass. and even better, i got my girlfriend hooked on the show now, because i wouldn't shut up about how happy i was that the movie was going to happen.    congrats, cast/crew/whoever. this is gonna be great!
@lastof oh, do they update the backers and total after accounting for bad credit cards?
here is to hoping we made enough they can film here in san diego again! i will find a way on set if it happens no matter what!
card charging: we all got an email that the project was successful. they are now going through processing the charges, my past experience is that it can be between instantaneous and a few hours away before it goes through. when it does amazon will email you. if they fail to charge your card you'll have a week to fix the details, and they will bug you about it every 48 hours (so expect the backers and total to drop slightly in a weeks time).
@michael great words. im actually in the same boat too.  this campaign and resurgence of something i love came at the best time. see you at the sdcc event #mindschemez @joshuaeliano
so happy for you rob thomas thanks for all the video and the ideas you've got to chear everyone!! have a nice work for the scenario hope it will answer to all the questions that stays after the college xoxoxo
i've already connected with a lot of cool people from here on twitter, but i'd love to connect with even more! i'm @sidfinch there and i'll follow you back :)
a couple of days ago rt was certain to be hitting about 5 million so i thing he wrote the script with about 3.5 million budget in mind. that would give him a nice cushion.
i have all the screencaps on my twitter @gabyguhu
ok we'll i guess i'll wait and see, the only email i got was from kickstarter to say i'd be charged
yeah we made it! i am so happy :) congrats !!! it now says 91585 backers. 91584 is the zip code of lichtenau in germany, but apparently, there is no zip code of 91585. i am now getting back to bed. it has some advantages of having a small baby as you need to get up anyway middle of the night. ;) 5:29 a.m. in munich, germany ;)
two or three months ago my brother and i finally got to watch season three. we watched the first two seasons a few years ago and then life caught up with us and we didn't have time to watch the final season. i remember getting near the end trying to prepare myself for the cliffhanger i knew was coming. halfway through the final episode i figured i could deal with the cliffhanger being the end, but halfway through the final episode i had no clue what was coming. we got to the end of the episode and i was stunned. veronica mars ended on that?!? and now it won't. i only had to live with that being the ending for a couple months, which is a lot better than many of the rest of you. we don't know how things will unfold next, but we do know that it will be amazing. this month is probably going to be bad for me for the rest of my life (i lost my dad last april), but now i have a really good thing for this first april since. :) thanks for that, rob thomas, veronica mars cast, and this amazing fandom.
@matt mueller - so many messages here that all of the 90909 screen caps that have been posted scroll off this main comment section in like 10 seconds, check out update #23. i posted a 1920x1080 screen cap there.
http://blog.sfgate.com/dailydish/2013/04/12/veronica-mars-cast-to-reunite-at-comic-con/
@celine :) its all good it was cool of him to surprise people. i love the support the cast are giving to the fans and this project :)
@christine it's the concept of excess bureaucracy requiring additional fees. do you really need a form request form? no. but it costs money. :)
my card hasn't been charged yet and i got the email too. so idk.
@jacquelinerote & @julia-- took me awhile to re-finds your post but really?  after all, if mac hadn't been switched at birth she's an '09 but grounded in 91585....just what he needs!
@michael. your not the only one. i squealed like a 12 yr old girl on the first day. this has meant so much to all of us.
it was so much fun to meet everyone
so much fun. you guys are great. san diego (and all) marshmallows, find me on twitter @joshuaeliano but im def still going to post here
@balabanto  sorry, were you talking to me? i don't know what you mean by the form request form. my brain's a little (ok a lot) fried at this point. i've been staring at this screen all night
@krista: i just got a notice that my card got charged when it ended... if i read it right.
@krista i just got an email from amazon saying my payment was processed, so you should probably expect it shortly.
@ lilly too bad :(
wow, everyone, this has been such a fun experience. it's been a privilege to be a part of it. thanks. and the best is yet to come... :)
@michael, matt: dito .
oh no guys, that's not me i got that off twitter lol i guess i forget to put their name in the post ^_^ i just wanted to saw jason rubbing his inner thigh. i was thinking he must have been doing something funny because she looks like she is laughing.
so great to see so many veronica mars fans come together to show support for the show. i've been excited for a veronica mars movie since they teased about it years ago, now its finally coming true and i can happily say i was a part of it.
argh, i fell asleep somewhere around 90.458 and my mental clock was clearly 20mins off when it woke me up...:( that makes me so sad! so allow me to squee incoherently about the awesomeness of marshmallows!!! will see if i can get another couple of hours sleep before life begins here...
this may seem like a stupid question buuuutttt does anyone know how long after we finish our cards get charged?????
ok fellow marshmallows, i'm out! i need to get some work done, haha! what a ride this entire day has been! thank you all. we did it ;)
@christine - sorry to bum you out! i was thinking that was a pretty frickin' impressive number, given that our net is still twice what rt's gross goal was....so not bad, i say!
@elysia like teachers say in grade school, just worry about yourself.
does anyone have anymore pictures or updates from the austin party?
@christine you seem to have forgotten that hollywood has mastered the form request form.
the screen shot of 90909 makes an awesome desktop
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: @vmarshmallowftw
michael, i feel you brother. the day this ks was announced, i  had just dealt with a lot of personal things as well. it was really uplifting. i'm glad rt and co got to bring this to us finally.
@fiatluxury:  well that's depressing.... almost 2million for fees makes the budget much smaller than i thought it would be.  :[
@michael we'll all enjoy this ride together :)
@lm im not being a downer im being realistic. especially cause you don't even have the people to do it. no point in spending all that time trying to organize something that will just get shot down. besides it would be extremely hard to find 100 people to send you money hoping you get it. pointless
so. i guess my next fanmade epic rap battle of history (yeah, i'm on erboh.com also. i'm such a geek) should be veronica mars vs. venus williams. :)
thank you. o.o
any philly marshmallows? i'm going tomorrow and looking for things to do.
@ matt http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/
by the round number of 30% for fulfillment/ks & amazon fees, our pledges net $3,991,507.  not a bad net for 30 days, not bad at all.  now go forth, rob thomas, and snark! snark like the wind!
oh gosh darnit i missed 909090 tell me someone took a screen shot. >.<
i just tweeted the pic of 91585 (@danjbalkwill) #veronicamarsmovie
ok, here's the part where i get a little mushy, ha, but i really don't care: this campaign came at just the right time for me. due to some recent unfortunate circumstances, i've pretty much been pushed into isolation for quite some time. a month ago... well, let's just say i'd been feeling pretty low. anyway, one day i saw a blurb about this campaign on imdb.com. in the last thirty days, my spirits have been lifted in a way i didn't think possible, and i honestly don't see myself coming back down anytime soon. i feel proud... privileged, even... to be a part of such a wonderful community. you are all such witty, charming, lovely people. so i just want to say thanks to everyone. this has been a fun ride, and the best is yet to come. :)
lilly, i'm so jealous
we are more awesome than luxembourg! :)
@lilly - awesome. sure you had a blast.
any aussie marshmallows out there?!?
thank you gabriela!
as of 16 minutes since funding, the final numbers seem to be 91,585 backers and $5,702,153 raised.  how awesome are we, veronica mars fans! this movie is going to rock!
@elysia err.. they planned for 5 theaters...it's worth a try to see if they're willing to set up that fifth theater post-kickstarter. don't be such a debbie downer.
there are numerous ways to reach me. i don't use twitter or facebook because they're addictive and i won't get my own writing done. email: championsguru@gmail.com is probably the best way to get my attention.
lol!! "just met jason dohring! nicest guy ever!! @veronicamars #veronicabars pic.twitter.com/zdppmkde43 "
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: @vmarshmallowftw
91585 now on my kickstarter app?
@christian i do on my twitter @gabyguhu
it's already amazing that there will be a movie, it is even more amazing that we helped make it happen
celebrating this amazing victory for us fans, with a nice glass of marshmallow vodka. cheers friends, see you at the movies.
@lm they have enough to deal with. there is no way they would keeping doing stuff. they have a lot of stuff to do ahead of them.
does anybody have a screenshot with the 584? i'd be so happy to have one!
well, the auto-updates of backers didn't ever show 90909, but i sorta anticipated that and got 'caps of what i could...  http://j.mp/veronicamarsmovieksnear90909backers  did get a screencap with one 9 in it, though - with nine seconds left:  http://j.mp/veronicamarsmovieks9secondsleft  'grats to tptb and all the backers! :)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter  vm already updated, not that should surprise us rabid, sorry dedicated fans.
this was so fun, i had enjoyed the show before this but now i am head over heels in love!  was amazing to watching those final moments and will be telling my future children about this while i made them watch 3 seasons and move!!
one more update to all marshmallows hail! art... http://www.georgepetergatsis.net/art.html
looked back and saw an old post i made about mourning the end of veronica mars almost six years ago: http://marsontvarchive.wordpress.com/2007/05/20/still-in-mourning-for-veronica-mars/ now, there's a movie about to be made, and i helped make it happen. that's simply amazing.
@sandy is right i see a lot of fan photos with jason at the austin party on twitter
promo video = hilarious,  kickstarter= exciting, next...shoot the movie, receive our goodies, and watch the movie it just keeps getting better.
oh dear when is the final number going to come?
and with that it is time for bed ! night marshmallows and good job. look forward to rob's next update (which hopefully will not be tonight as he should be getting heavily drunk)
let's agree to give it like 30 mins to calm down before announcing final number. rob has time to work this into the script i hope
@james, it's 91585
but there is no final number, it can keep on going up and up :)
@elysia not necessarily. wb and rob do the set up. i don't think they will object to getting more money. it's not ironclad to kickstarter.
i think its stopped now
any new mexico marshmallows out there?
@rhian...good point!
hey good news i just checked and there is no active zipcode in cali of 91584 so we could use it if we want
yay!!! just got my email. boys, booze... jackpot!
' to you and 91561 other backers' so that means 91,562 backers in total
hmm now it says 91585 ten minutes later hah, i guess even the computer spirits want to donate
91585 is the last number ! maybe it will keep going up!!
@ aubrie don't forget the 5!
@lm its too late to get the movie theatre. the project is over
ahh! i'm so freaking excited!  the last episode aired may 22, 2007, the day before my 18th birthday.  i'd have rather stayed a "kid" than lose that show.  now to super anxiously wait for 2014!
91,585/$5,702,153 now
i guess so many last minute - seconds donations that vm fans nearly broke poor kickstarter
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: @vmarshmallowftw
702,153
@charlene, if someone is in the pledge manager when the campaign closes, they are allowed to finish their transaction. ;)
just got my confirmation emails for my two accounts and my sister's account! so happy and excited! blog about the project ending: http://sdtyree.tumblr.com/
still going!!!! http://www.georgepetergatsis.net/art.html
mine says 702,158
nopes, still went up. :)
<3
mine is 91585
@dan mine too, i guess ks is confused by all the last minute people, haha
tina hope they named veronica :)
whoa ... 91585 now
those of you on twitter, if you search jason dohring, you can see pictures fans took of him at the pub in austin tonight. apparently he made a surprise appearance.
in the last hour we made about $31,881
woooo "veronica mars"!!!! :) :) :) :) marshmallow4ever!! so happy to be part of this project—can't wait for the flick!! :) :) :) :)
dan mine does too
ok i think mine settled down at 91,584 backers and $5,702118 congrats marshmallow pirates
how is it still going up?
congrats, everyone! i'm really looking forward to the next updates!
any veronica mars fan is a friend of mine!!! ;)
or rather 91,585 is the final number.
congrats to rob and the cast!   $5.7 million. :)
congrats everyone!  busted the old backers record, drove through the 90909 and even the 91505 (wb studios?), too. just got email saying 91561 backers, but that may be preliminary(?). looking forward to the updates!
91584 is the final number well done to every single backer for this project to be as amazing as the 3 seasons were! this will teach warner bros to not have faith in us fans:)
@dan same here... and now the backers number is 91,585 on here...
@dan, mine too!
i hope everyone has a great night!  what a great ride with all of you!!! :)
and a few mintues ago my step-son just had a baby girl about
91564 for the zipcode? love that idea.
my e-mail confirmation says 'you and 91561 others'?
the final minutes: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@robyn i requested to join the facebook group
if anyone wants to see veronica mars on the large screen somewhere in the twin cities for $91 - tweet at me at @minniesconnie. maybe we can get up to 50 people?
woo hoo, congrats!
yeah,way to go marshmallows!!!
@balabanto, i hope so too!  <3
looks like 91,584 is the final number
congrats !!!!  cannot wait for the movie !
so proud of my fellow marshmellows! rob, kristen, jason, the whole cast is so amazing for making this a reality. we all made this happen, i've never seen such dedication and love for a series; veronica mars fans are the best!
@dan it was still going up when i said that, since i guess pledges are still being processed
@tabetha hopefully, enrico and jason will come to see me to keep the look the same.
now we have to organize parties all over the world for the premiere date :)
@dan, the backers kept going up after it stopped... more squeezing in!
584 is my license plate number, i was born 5/84!
i think 91,584 might be the official number?
now at 91584, still a free zip code...
my backers stopped at 91,584
just got my kickstarter email that the project is successfully funded!
congratulations! thanks to you and 91561 other backers, the veronica mars movie project has been successfully funded. we will now charge your credit card. pledge summary  amount pledged: $100.00  reward: it just keeps getting better. you’ll receive everything listed above -- the updates, the script, the t-shirt, the digital version, the movie poster. additionally, you’ll receive a blu-ray/dvd combo pack that includes the documentary on the making of the veronica mars movie, plus other exclusive bonus features not available on the digital version. available to us, canada, australia/new zealand, mexico, brazil, and select eu countries (now including norway and switzerland! see project description for full list)  estimated delivery: mar 2014  shipping: when your reward is ready, rob thomas will send you a survey via email to request any info needed to deliver your reward (mailing address, t-shirt size, etc).
imagine how high it could have gone if the pledging was open for another month
@rebecca  just got an email from kickstarter confirming my la premiere/after-party tickets. all day it felt too good to be true.
hey to all you people talking closer, need i remind you a film still actually needs to be made lol
mine say 91584
@balabanto, i agree!!! ;)
many are saying 91564 backers. mine says 91581. only 17 more, but why?
how are there more backers? after it's over?
it takes a little while for the last transactions to roll in, especially when there is a rush like we had here
funded !!! we rock, thanks everyone who helped i'm proud of us all :-)
doh, they keep changing the number. my plan of checking if it was a real zip code was foiled.
well, i was there at the beginning of the beginning, tabby. i should be there at the end.
yay us!!!! i'm so excited! :) lol at the comment about if the movie is even half exciting as this has been.
it over but i am super excited! congrats marshmallow! love
i wonder how long it will take to finish processing so we know the final tally!
i just woke up 10 minutes ago and watched the exciting last minutes :) it was really amazing! from the first day to the last second. i am so proud of everyone. more exciting times are ahead of us :)
now i just want to see the money leave my account so i know it's real!! but my kids will be up soon so night night fellow marshmallows!!! xxx
yahoo!   funded
good work, everyone! time for this pi to catch some shuteye!
we sure did smash that backer record! over 90,000 backers, yay!
hi balabanto!  seen you since the beginning, good to see you on here!! :)
@ david - looks like 91564 is an actual zip code in germany, though.
so proud! #nycmarshmallow
$584 from 21 marshmallows in the last second! super proud to be a vm fan. goodnight and goodbye one and all!
this is amazing!!! marshmallows are amazing! this movie will be amazing! omg, this is so freakin' exciting!
my backers number keeps going up when i refresh
@dimity i know!!  it's crazy funny!
as veronica said, "even the experts agree, a girl needs closure." thanks marshmallows and rob and everyone for making this an awesome experience. so excited for the movie!
pretty much 3 times what rt thought he would get. we clearly rock!!
this was fun and now there is more fun coming our way.....
https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/ two places to gather after this page dies down
it's still going to add awkwardly over the next few minutes.
so sad to see my logan lover deluxe package snatch right when i was charging it! >.<
okay, 91564 is a perfectly reasonable ca zip code, while not actually being one. i see someone already emailed rob with the idea. let's make that the 'other' zip code. w00t.
woohoo!!!!
@jesca...i think paypal stuff and such, is being processed, still
wow 5.7! that is amazing!
marshmallows shall not be stopped. the counter keeps going in spite!!! hahahaha
why is the number still changing after saying it's over? this is weird!
like, if people want to figure out a twin cities set up, i am all for it.
wow, what a ride!
all packages $400+ taken (except for that one theater....)
yay :)
$5.7 million! amazing marshmallows!
@lisa, the comments section remains open even after the fundraising is over
awesome!
congratulations to all
i'm so happy to have met you all, and that we could all get together for something so awesome!
it's amazing !! and now i can go to bed, 5am here in france ! good night everyone :)
congratulations everyone! 5.7 should give them a nice budget to work with.
i love how the counter is still going up lol...i guess kickstarter is lagging a bit!
still going up, 5,702,023 :d
oh nevermind, it's still going up?
woohoo. this adventure is really about to start if u really think about it
i wonder if the theater thing can still happen if people figure out a plan at a location and then emails rob to pay.
congrats everyone. this has been an intense ride. thank you and goodnight.
whew!  we are done!  we did it!
nice meeting all of you!
its still going??
and also, don't forget, we better get a reference to the magical number, 91564
congrats everyone.
finalized funds are still coming through it looks like?
congrats to us all!
this has been great 5.7 we all should be proud
so apparently we love cutting things close! congrats marshmallows!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
epic!
guess still gotta wait on the final numbers
uploading the final mins now!!!!
final count isn't done yet!
we did it!!!  here's to breaking all kinds of records, marshmallows!  awesome job!
weeeee didddd  itttttt!!!!
we did it guys!!!!!
congrats, fellow mallows! amazzzzing!
so glad to be a part of this historical event!!! :d
funded! this project successfully raised its funding goal
it's 4am in the uk !!! i can sleep easy now....
this was so much fun! and they didn't even kick us out of comments yayyy!
is everyone else's computers freezing?
this has been fun, but now i really have to pee
so incredibly amazing!!!! 5.7 million :)
whoops nevermind it said ago lol
91564 comes up german on google
wooooooooooohoooooooooooooooooo go v-mars fans! i can finally go to sleep, its 4 in the morning! :d totally worth it though
well done everyone, for the part they played in this unique project! group hug?
anyone else's heart pounding with excitement and adrenaline?
ok, so now we need a countdown to the release date....
we all did it!! well done to all of us marshmallows
final total 91,564... impressive. now rob thomas will take over the world from his living room. and we made it possible. oh...wait...that's supposed to be a secret. :)
marshmallows are the best!  thanks to all of you, rob, kristen, and jason.  best fandom ever.
job well done everyone!
amazing!! i'm so proud to have been a part of this!
epic seriously so proud to be part of this :) wow the things that can be done when people get together.
i just checked- there is no 91564 zip code in cali. ; )
i don't get why some people wait until the last seconds to pledge, i'd be so stressed out! i backed the project the second day and upped my pledge as soon as the shipping was available. but so happy that we reached 5.7!
$5.7!!!!!!!! we did, marshmallows!!! never have i been so proud of a fandom. massive thanks to rob, kristen, jason - it's been an amazing, epic journey and i can't wait for what's to come!!
amazing!  thanks everyone.  rob we love you this much....  xoxo
anyone else seeing this 1 min to go message after the clock stopped?
great work marshmallows xxx thanks to everyone involved!
yea!!! veronica lives!!!!
omg i fought it wasn't going to get to 5.7 million
yay!!!! so excited!
way to go everyone!!
well everyone, it has been amazing! i'm so glad we hit $5.7 million and that we blew away the backer record. marshmallows, you all rock!!!
@ carole totally applauded and screamed when we did it!!!
*champagne popping* wow, we did make over 5.7 at the very last min! and 91564 for the zip code ;)
i so glad i got to be a part of something soooooooo amazing!
so proud to be a part of this!!! way to go fellow marshmallows
seriously amazing fellow marshmallows... simply amazing.
so excited that the movie is officially happening, but i need sleep, it's 4:01am goodnight marshmallows!
yes! officially funded!  take that, wb!
wow.  wow.
5.7 million dollars! wow!!!!!
awesome.  two records broken.  number of backers and amount pledged.  i am glad i got to be a small part of this!
this has been great, marshmallows! can't wait for the movie! thanks for such an amazing evening everyone!
5.7!!!!!! insane!!!!!!
its been a blast!!
congratulations to everyone! you all deserve a round of applause. great job!
i got a screenshot of the last second!
it says funded!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! whoop!!!!!!!!!!!! whoop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :d i'm so happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
okay...two cranky toddlers to put to bed now.  you all are awesome. #badmommytonight #butatleastitsnotalcoholicboobymilk
yay to us!!!!!  thanks rob!
great to be part of this commnity
unbelievable!! great being part of this.
its still going up because people were in the middle of pledging.
yay! congrats everyone!!
amazing everyone!  rob we love you this much.  :-)
=) =) =) =) =) =) =)
oh and we hit 5.7! wasn't someone rooting for that? congrats to whoever that was!
now i can sleep! :)
wooooooooooooooooooo!
yay 5.7 million congratulations everyone
i can't believe it's over =( but omg what a number!!!!
that was fun.  way to go!!!!
it keeps going up!
over 5.7 million!!  yay!
i can only imagine everyone at the austin party!!
wow! i'm seriously freaking out right now! i have so much to do for my veronica mars party tomorrow, but i have been sitting here watching this instead!
yyyeeeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhh..............zzzzzzzzzzz
singing auld lang syne! congrats marsmellows!  love you all!
ended with $5,701,477 and 91,556 backers!!! awesome!!!
woooooooooooohoooooooooooooooooo! go v- mars fans! :d
anyone noticed how the pledges are still going up?
yea!! thanks everyone!!
it's still counting!
congratulations guys!
wow!! 5.7million! congrats marshmallows!
now hitting play :d
woo hoo!  over 5.7 mil.  amazing, just amazing.
actually feel a little teary now we're done!!
give yourselves a round of applause. you all deserve it. this has been a fun ride
i am so proud to be a part of this fandom!!
vm fans are the best!
that was amazing
woohoo! 5.7m!! congratulations to everyone!
yahoooo!
awesome!!
amazing! that push to 5.7 really came down to the wire.
we finally have our ending total and it is awesome!!!
congrats rob, kristen and the gang!!! can't wait to see the stuff on the set :d
and its over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you all just lost a lot of money out your bank account!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^ team marshmallows!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that's hilarious george!
congrats marshmallows xxxx
group hug!!!
yeah!
great job everybody! this has been super fun, can't wait to watch the process unfold!
congrats!
love all you guys!!!
hah that was awesome!
wow. at a loss for words...
it still tabs upward for a couple minutes. it will process paypal donations and other last minute stuff. wow. 91,556 backers.
congratulations guys " love "  what a great effort!!!!
happy veronica year!!!!
i'm so happy and sad at the same time
i can hear the glasses clicking in austin from here!
great job everyone!  we did it!
it's over. yay!
we did it!
yay us!
wooooooooooo!!!!
if the movie is even half this entertaining, we'll be in great shape. thanks to everyone for making this so much fun.
this was epic!!!!!!
still going up?
its finished but its still going up
it says 0 seconds but it keeps going up.
http://youtu.be/bm1g5yg0huw
woot!!
congrats everyone! we're all amazing!!
hurrah!
buzzer!!!!!!! holy crap! what an experience!
congrats!!!! best 112 seconds ever!!!
i guess that's a wrap.
omg! we did it!!!!
i'd love to know how many hits/refreshes the page got today.
wow what an awesome ks!!! so proud to be a marshmallow :)
we did it!
i just counted down. almost had a heart attack
it's still going...
great job everyone!!!
marshmallows forever!
wooohooooo!!
ahhh it's over :(
wooo!!!!
nice one. over the 5.7.
all marshmallows hail! ( illustration ) http://www.georgepetergatsis.net/art.html
yayayayayay!
woooohoooooo!!!!!!!
congrats!
huzzah!!!
yes yes we dit it $5.7mil
it's all over :(
a whole different nail biter right to the end
oh my lord
congrats everyone! awesomeness!
crashing
yessssssss! i can't believe i've been watching this countdown basically without blinking for an hour...o.o happy to have been part of this!!
yes
congrats everyone! can't wait to see the movie.
omg.  veronica mars fans rule.  seriously.  i love you guys.
wow!!!
epic love!!!
well done fellow marshmallows. 4am here, time for sleep!
yes!!!! upped my pledge - came back to 5.7!!!
ding
thanks all - best day ever - see you guys at the movies
thank you all §§§§§§§§§
all the backers are awsome.  thank you.  i am so happy to be a part of this great project.
0
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   sorry i had to let that out.  this is amazing.  i feel so proud to be a marshmallow.
congrats rob! congrats kristen! congrats all of us! looking forward to seeing the movie.
done
1
congrats!!
boooooooyaaaah
great job martians - or for those who prefer, marshmallows.  great fun.  now the waiting really begins.
way to go, marshmallows!
its still going up lol
we did it!!
almost missed it cuz i was working on a parody for this experience. seriously if anyone wants to collaborate. i sing, but can't play instruments. let me know @thesanakhanshow thanks! it's been fun!
i want to thank each and every person involved in this! it was amazing, i love you guys!
marshmallows rule!
rob.thomas. stop scripting this!  evil genius.
$5,7m \o/
thanks to all veronica mars fans!   this was/is the best.
yeah!!! 5.7 mil right at the end. fantastic!
yes 5.7mill!!!!!   10 seconds
5
5....
okay, now just to wait for it to end before someone pulls their backing.
all marshmallows hail! ( illustration ) http://www.georgepetergatsis.net/art.html
yay!!!!
10
10!
countdown has started ! love you marsmellows . and thanks rob, kristen and so on ...
10..9..8..
thanks for all the well wishers.  i officially gave up on trying to get ny to say: happy veronica mars day! and well done marshmellows!
we did it
yeah!
facebook.com/ajsernawashere if anyone wants to keep in touch & dish about mars. it was an honor.
go, go, go!!
i mean 5.7 lol
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5.7 good job marshmallow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just in case this part closes down once we hit the end ... i've been reading the comments and not saying much of anything, but i wanted to let you all know how proud i am to be a part of this group.  you all are wonderful, wonderful people.  we made it!!!
awesome!!!
omg literally screamed!!!
*happy danxe*
woo hoo!!!!
wooooooooooooooooo!
$5.7 million!!
$5.7
yaaaaaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :d we did it again!
congarts to everyone
whohoo
wow! 5.7!
5.7!
20
woohoo
woooo!!!!
yeah, we made it!
!!! 5.7
yes yes yes success!!!!
wooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes!
yes!
i bet we are all refreshing right now!  yes!! 5.7!!!! awesome!!!
wow, we did it ... 5.7 million  -- whoa!!!
yay, past 5.7m!
yes!!!!
awesome sauce!!!!
9.7!!!! :d :d
bingo!
omg! <3 you marshmallows out there!!
woooootttttt
yay!!!!!!!!!!!
yes!!!!!!!!
hell yeahhhhh 5.7
\o/
yyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! $5.7 million!!!!!
that was tight
made it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5.7!!
5.7!!!
we did it!
5.7!!!!!!!!!!!
marshmallows i'm dying here!!!! success
$5.7m!!!
yay! 5.7
$5.7 million
yay!
yay! in the last minute!
$5.7!
we did it !! :)
yes! $5.7m
yes'm!
yes!
we did it!!  veronica mars rules!!!
five point seven!!!!!!
sold,  for a freaking  $5,700,000 we did it!!!! and with 30 seconds to  spare, too.
5.7 mil!!
yes!!!!!!
5.7 mil!!!!!
woot
wow!!!!
5.7!!!
boom! we got it!
we did it!!!
yes! 5.7!
yes!
wahoooo!!!!
did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
marshmallows are the best!
5.7!
yay!!!!
hooray!!!!!!!!!
so happy to have been apart of this history!
can you still post comments after the end time...???
yesssssss!!!!
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
done !
great job, fellow mellows!
5.7!!
$5.7 million!!!
we're gonna make 5.7!
5.7. hells to the yeah! way to cut it close :p
yesssssssssssssssssss :-)
boooooommmm!!!!!
35 seconds!
omg
counting down by the second!!!
yes!!
$5,700,000
5.7 million!!!! ftw!!!
5.7!!!!!!!!!
help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5.7!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
here we go!
down to the wire on this!
i upped my pledge by $25...
oh my god oh my god oh my god
counting seconds now
it's happening. congrats everyone. <3
$5.7!!!
tick tock
lol, this is like a tense countdown now..the dollars go up and the time goes down..
just think in a few seconds, the veronica mars movie project has surpassed every kickstart record.  great going folks!
cmon 5.7
60 seconds, one voicemail from $5.7 mil . . .
*flailing arms madly*
so exciting!
so close
the seconds countdown so excited. boom goes the dynamite!
come on !
seconds!!! austin must be going wild!
@gabriela bahaha!
60 seconds!
go go go marshmallows !
omg omg omg!!
here we go, marshmallows!!
one minute....
woah. seconds to go!!!
get the movie poster! go go go!
the intensity is killing me!
wish i was partying with them. love vm fans! great ride
come on.....
down to seconds....
my stomach is nervous!! lol
hurry!!!!
seconds!!!!!!!!!!! cmon!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh geez now its counting seconds to go
60 seconds
this is going so fast omg!!
omg this is crazy
see yall on fb :p
seriously, insane! almost at the point of tears!
70 seconds!!!!
goosebumps!
down to seconds!!! ahhhh
i know about temptation. i was going to lower my plege because i have little money but instead i raised it. :p
ahhh so close to 5.7!!! i'm literally freaking out watching the seconds count down!
$5.7 ... come on!!!
please move faster
ahhh
my heart is racing, lol!
omg omg plze someone close it to 5.7 !
it will hit 5.7 it has to!
this is it, marshmallows!!!
i'm chanting to myself
refresh
strength!
down to seconds!
so close
omg we're counting seconds now!
another nail biter
the final countdown!
115 seconds says my counter!
omg
omg this is intense
so close
omg, come on 5.7!!!
100 seconds!!!!!!!
oh gosh....freaking out!
seriously, y'all. this has been so much fun! if only we'd ever learned the words to the neptune high fight song we could end the campaign with a few rousing choruses!
down to seconds!
1 minute left
come on!!!!!!!!!!!!!! almost there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! let's go! 100 seconds
omg!!!!!!!!
seconds to go! we are so close! :d
ahhh... there is a seconds countdown...
seconds!
100 seconds!
so close!! good bye veronica mars kickstarter :(
seconds
seconds!!!
so clooooose....
come on!
just up my pledge by 35 bucks to get that second tee
down to seconds now
well, i think that "91494" is the van nuys area of california....
sooo close to 5.7!
oh my, counting down seconds!
omg omg omg
oh my god seconds
ahhh
seconds!!!
i'm so sad to see this all end.  it's been great hanging out with all of you.  congrats veronica mars fans!  we did it!!
less than $1k!
omg so close!
were almost there!
come on let's go
$1,000
at this point use whatever the final numbers are on a lottery ticket
so close! just a few more dollars. it wasn't six million! but it's real close. if only there were some brilliant millionaire who loved this show and was willing to drop a big donation at the last minute! steven king! this means you!
less than 2 minutes!
it's right there!!!!!!!!!!!
5,714,286 gives rob $4,000,000 to work with after the 30% is taken out
upped to $50 to get the dvd...wish i had 5k to spend on the theater!!
who else is listening to "we use to be friends" through to the end? :p
hurry up and get to 5.7 people!!! only 2 minutes left!
less than 2 minutes and less than 2k to go.. c'mon!!!!!!
jason is at the countdown party with rob, i wish i was there too
next countdown will be for the movie premiere!
we can do this!!!
*frantically ups pledge*
don't forget armie hammer
oh i wish i had $5,000  so great to be a part of it!!!
!!!!!!!!!
@ tabetha: glad i'm not the only one doing it :d
come on!
woot!
this has been an amazing ride!  i'm almost sad to see the kickstarter end.  you guys are the absolute best.  i'm still amazed.  a movie was always a fantasy (until it wasn't!)  seriously, i never thought i'd live to see the day when a movie would actually be a reality.  since the announcement, it's like every day is christmas.  i just want to thank rob and everyone involved in this entire process.  i can't wait to see where rob and co will take us.  it will be one hell of a journey, for sure.  :')
cmon 2 minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5.7 please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
it would be nice if someone took the last $5000 reward. if i had the money i so would... why did i foolishly spend my money on buying a house?!?!?! lol
i can't belive theres a $5000 plege left. somebodys gonna be upset they missed the private screening!
just added another $25.  two t-shirts for me!
i'm re-watching too. i'm a on disc 3 of season 2. i finally watched season 3 this year guys. have had the dvds since it was released but couldn't bring myself to watch it. i'm glad i did. it was great! made me cry at the end though knowing that there wasn't a ending. then poof the ks came up less than a week later. i was stoked
2 minutes!!
3 min!! :o c'mon lets make it to 5.7!! and someone pleaaase grab the theatre now!
gonna fall short of 5.7
everyone here is my hero!
<2k!
marshmallows! we rock!
2 minutes to get 2,000.
so close!
come on!!!!!!! less than $2000 in 3 minutes!!!!!!!!!!! we can do this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 more minutes!
come on, $2k!
your only chance to up your pledge is now....then this campaign will be over!!! we did a great job!!!
hurry!!!
this is so awesome!!
just wanted to thank everyone. never thought this day would come. :')
i am stressing about it too!!!!!! 5.7 mil
4 minutes!!!
i layed down to get rid of my migraine. couldn't sleep knowing this was about to end. i had to come back. come on $5.7 million!
ok, i just upped to get both shirts... i couldn't resist!
2000 to go
same here andrew! i've toyed with the idea all month long
$2,000
@laura same here!!!
so many amazing people in small roles - jane lynch, jessica chastain, leighton meister, michael cera.... (well, then there's jtt and paris hilton too, but whatevs.)
great work, everyone!
3 minutes!
if my credit card wasn't maxed that theater one would be mine!
why am i so stressed out about reaching 5.7?
i keep checking to make sure it has my pledge amount highlighted, lol!
i'll be glad when this is over, the temptation to spend $200 on the signed poster is strong. why wont it sell out.
2,500
my thouts go out to all the fans worldwide !  can you imagine beeing at the party in austin ?!?
i meant party. woohooo!
i love you marshmallows. <3
i am rewatching the show too, almost done with season 1 :) the best show ever :)
i'll be so sad when this ends, and so happy because it's only the beginning.   3 minutes  :\
for some reason i'm feeling really stressed watching the counter right now
@christian suelzer: :-)
someone in the twin cities buy the theater. i'll pay $90 to chip in, i promise.
come on guys!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4 minutes to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4 minutes! can't believe it's almost over...
finally pledged today. i want to part with the backers. :d
omg 4 minutes cmon!!!!! 5.7!!!!!!!!!!!!
@wolfvamp i like your mac+dick ideas :) he needs a redemption arc.
put your pledges in now, it will still take a minute or so to get it in and sign into amazon to finalize everything!!!  get it in now before it is over!!! once it is over you won't have the chance!!
come on only 3 minutes left!! come on!
@wolfvamp, mac and dick?!  never thought about that couple combo before.
the moneys going up more than the backers, i think people are changing their pledges, i upped mine today
3.000 to go
come on, 5.7!!! so close!
comments stay open. remember that updates have their own comments.
just changed my pledge to $50 because i want the dvd that includes the documentary.
woooo come on!
last minutes people, let´s make history!
ahh, so close! someone buy the theater!
i kinda want to see the last "rent a theater" prize to be backed. i wish i had $5000 so i could rent a theater in nyc
comments section will remain open
i don't know why i feel so nervous haha
come on $5.7!!
$3k to go!
$3k to go in 5 min cmon guys
definitely! all pursuits that are positive and bring people together are worth while. :)
$3,000!
3,000
upped my pledge for the other shirt as well - both for the wife. too late to create a backer account for her.
5 minutes!!!
1$ from czech republic:)
@tet will the comments section close right away or will it remain open? if it remains open, i can imagine a lot more comments coming in over the next year when rob gives us an update.
@wolfvamp while i love mack/dick in fanfic, i don't think it could have ever worked in the show. and i don't think i'd want to see it.
4,000
4000 come on!!!!
i love kristen bell even more now that i saw that tweet! lol  alcoholicboobymilk hahaha
rewatching season 1 - had forgotten that jane lynch was in the episode about student elections ...
so close to 5.7!!!
6 mins to go
i don't want it to end!
i was actually a part of that taco sauce campaign forgot all about that till now
@wolfvamp: good point about mac and dick!
this has been an awesome experience!!! seeing all the fan support has been absolutely amazing you guys are the best!!!!!!!!
last 5 minutes,
the tough part is figuring out what to say to him in my professional congratulations letter in 5 minutes. :)
(yelling "come on, come on!" in a george constanza like voice in her head)
sometimes i'm just like "ugh, i hate people" but today, today "i freaking love people" excuse me all while i have a meltdown
it's going to be so sad when this ends :(
rob is counting on us!!!
watching these last 30 minutes has been more fun than watching states turn colors during a presidential election. vote kieth mars!
6 minutes left. will something happen at zero? :d
ok... i'm going to close my eyes and wish that some rich person is enjoying playing with us and will make a huge pledge with 2 minutes to go! who's with me????????????
lol! @julia
5000 to go to the big 5.7mill.  come on big money!
we can do it marshmallows!!! lets go!!!
wooohoooow!!
@ cinzia difranco...let your friend know she's not the only one.  mac+dick was sure to happen if the show hadn't been cancelled.  that scene where he apologies to her in s3 was just going to be the start.  that's the couple i hope shows up in the movie!
i've paid more attention to this countdown, than any of the previous 12 new years.
the theater would push us over.... someone by that freaking theater already
thanks amanda!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: @vmarshmallowftw
thank goodness the chat will continue...im gonna miss this!!!
rounds to 5.7
we might
5,000
cinzia.....answer yes :p *fanfics cough cough lolol
kristen bell tweeted .@robthomas  wish i was in austin having a drink with you guys! #alcoholicboobymilk #veronicabars""
hurry!!!!!
someone buy the damn theater!!!!!!!!!
at least 5.695!!
i feel like we're counting down to new year's eve.  i've never watched a ticker so closely in my entire life.  i hope we reach $5.7k!
i really regret not having the epiphany about the theater level until hours before the end. i think we could have figured it out, guys.
@jesca that would kind of suck.
it's been a pleasure hanging with you guys. goes to show you what strong willed people with a unifying goal can accomplish. #magic :-)
remember, still 110 cast voicemails left.  you know you want your own logan inspiring message of the day, do you have the money?
i minutes to get to $5.7 million!!!!!!!! go go go!
@laura: were? are, is more like it! :)
we supported our show even 6 years after it was cancelled. we must be just about the best fans ever
6,000 left
omg im gonna be so disappointed if we don't reach 5.7 lol
love you marshmallows!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 8 minutes
this has been fun, i still want the screening....
we were a part of history. that is something to be proud of
https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/322904881222520833/photo/1  the right pic of 90909...
5.7.. can we do it
damn, why do i not have an extra $5,000?! so bummed that the theater is still open... come on someone, snag it! at one time all 5 slots were taken i believe
i miss deadwood too, and rome. unfortunately those budgets would take a miracle to crowd fund.
@james. nothings impossible when it comes to veronica mars fans, right ? ;)
@everyone: you're the best. no, really. seriously. ;)
logan deluxe available
@krista, i agree!!!
@krista exactly!!
holy smokes! only 10 more minutes! i'm getting very sentimental about this. watching the outpouring of fan support and just the fabulous way all these marshmallows have come together has been something else -- 91,000 strong and spanning the globe, we are epic!
$6,600 to go to 5.7?  why am i so obsessed with round numbers?  i have issues.
10 9 8 ...
@ doug...sorry, credit goes to you then. please message rt and let him know! doug swallow about 7 hours ago if we reach (and pass) 90909 backers, but stay under 100,000, perhaps rob can find a way to have the 90909 zip code split in two during the movie as a nod to kickstarter backers.
it feels like new year's eve all over again!!!!
7,000 :d
9 minutes to go! someone has to scoop up that private screening!
just wanted to say this has been an awesome ride with all of you!!!
come on 5.7 mill!
if nothing else, i hope the documentary group can find out who the 90909 backer was and interview them!  along with the first and last backers, too!
can we make it to $5.7mil in the next 9 min?
it is 5 am here but i just woke up to see the end of this. can't believe we're at 91 000 ! that's not very nice for the next fans who want to break the record ;)
@cj i've been to la three times and it an amazing city, you'll have the greatest time there possible!
i have to admit i saw information on about this in the fb news feed for an australian show and im very grateful i ttok the time to watch the kickstarter video because now im a fully fledged marshmollow.
8,000 to 5.7 million
8000 in 10 min!!! lets gooo!!!!
tbh deadwood needs a movie i would donate as much as i humanly could to that < 3 deadwood. this has been a fantastic event though. truly amazing to see so many dedicated fans here. when it first came up on ks i lurked watching it. i must admit i wasn't sure if it would get the backing. i knew vm was popular but this is crazy cool. congratz to everyone all round !
@ cinzia haha that would be fantastic but it never occurred to me
btw, you guys think rob will do an update tonight? or is he too busy partyin' with all those folks in austin?
@cj that's awesome!!!
i'm either nervous or excited! i don't know but we have 11 minutes and i have butterflies in my tummy!!! lol ^_^
who else lives in the el paso area with steven ehrbar???
haha i am too @jennifer
@brenda hadn't thought of that actually!! i don't think the donations are anonymous so rob might say if a big donor came on board
10 minutes left :d
just posted a new blog on my tumblr about breaking records and my thoughts on the return to neptune, ca-- http://sdtyree.tumblr.com/
@dimity, actually i had the idea of the zip code about 7 hours ago: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/comments… david cheatham mentioned it about an hour ago: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/comments…
12 minutes.. wahoo!!  this is like new years eve and watching the ball drop, but this is way more exciting!
https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/ two places to gather after this page dies down. 11 minutes to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh . . . twice i had a chance to get the logan deluxe  package and twice it changed its mind after confirming on amazon. *cries* (still pumped overall of course.)
loading "we used to be friends" :d
at my friend's house. she wants to know if she's the "only loser that wants to see some mac/dick love" but is too chicken to post and ask.
it's so close!
just about 10 minutes left! :)
if someone grabs the stupid theater, i think we will make 5.7. the theater is wonderful you all want it take it!!!!
wow all the records are checked!! can't believe it. thanks sooo much to rob, kristen, and the rest of the cast. 10 more minutes left... veronica mars movie .. yeyyyy!!! :d
i think this definitely says something about the quality of the show that, after so many years, we still believe in this so strongly!!!
@lexi lol!  that always bothered me.  i'm like, "just 'cause you give someone glasses and a beard does not make them a different person."  but, whatevs.
if i had the cash, i'd get the theater.  not sure el paso will manage a showing otherwise . . . and it's a long way to the next city out here.
i hope columbus gets it, too!
marvin - i totally posted the wrong pic!  i am an idiot.  in all fairness, i was still laughing at kb's tweet about #alcoholicboobymilk
greetíngs to all from argentina! i can't believe we reached more than 91k backers! i'm so happy!!!
we did it guys. we did it.
i hope rob comes on to post an update for us after the party tonight or tomorrow!  understandable if he doesn't though!  so happy that we all came together as fans and made this possible!  very thankful that rob and kristen never gave up....neither did the fans!
@jennifer: still, takes more skill to take an actual snapshot rather than a screenshot! :d
seriously, let's all up our pledges a dollar.
ll package free
@cj that's so cool! congratulations!
come on people!!!!
ll package open!
@ tanya. ok, thanks.
can't breathe for another 12 minutes. aaaaah.
@cj congrats!
glad someone took those la tickets!! i hope someone grabs the theater in the next 13 minutes! xd
it's been fun watching the comments and the numbers.  really hope that columbus ohio gets the movie in theaters - even if i just couldn't make the private screening happen.
this is just going to be an awesome movie, i can feel it with all the good vibe that has surrounded the project from day 1 and couldn't be happier to be part of it. :) this is happening marshmallows!!!!
this has been a blast. i can't wait to see what happens next.  i love you marshmallows <3
i just upped my by $15!
congrats cj!
someone, anyone...buy the theater level. your town of 10k deserves it.
it would be great if harry hamlin scooped up the $10,000 slot. it would be like the time james jordan played lucky in season 2, was killed and then came back as tim foyle in season 3.
@robyn- just joined the group! thanks for posting! (:
@jennifer looks like 90900 to me
logans lover deluxe open!!!
i loved rosewell
@ rebecca i did look him up while wondering, but i'm curious if he or anyone else donated more than the shown $10k. vm definitely has enough dedicated fans for it to be a possibility :)
@cj, yay! how exciting!
woah @l ! that is an amazing, high res, shot of the 90909 moment! thanks for sharing!!!
@ cj congrats! good luck with that 16 hour flight. watch all 3 seasons
@ann-sofie i hope we can! this is a great crowd!
i'd love an inspirational message from logan as a vm, but unfortunately that is just too much $$ right now. congrats for those that are able to get the vms! :)
i just want to say thank you as well to rob, kristen, jason, and the entire cast of veronica mars for letting us make this movie happen.  this is the only show of mine - that i loved so much - to end without proper closure.  i can't wait to get that with the movie and hopefully it will launch an entire new season.  my fingers are crossed!!  we definitely proved to the studios that there is a lot of fans out there who still love these characters!!
@cj. that is dedication!
well, it isn't the nicest, but i got the 90909 too! https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/322902411117207553/photo/1
i can't wait!  i have 8 episodes to go :)
come on if 10,000 of us upped our pledge $1 we could get over the 5.7 mil any takers?
@nicole - hellz yes to roswell! pass the tabasco
come on, less than $10k, 15 minutes!
i am pretty new to this but i love vm. and i wonder how i waited so long. but also i'm a little glad i didn't have to suffer through these long years!! i am so impressed but all of you who fought hard to get this done! i'm proud of this so i can not imagine how long time fans are feeling!
@backupismydog im being positive!!!
come on someone drop a ll package last minute.... that would be awesome ;) lol
had kickstarter been around when serenity was made i think joss would have jumped at the chance to use it tho.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/ two places to gather after this page dies down
omg i grabbed the latest la premiere!!! guess i'll need a date, and a flight from germany to la!  can't believe it.  today 13apr2013 is the best day ever!
10,000 hurry!!!!!!!!
if i were a very wealthy fan, i'd try to weasel my way into the equity partnerships, not back on ks - don't know how you go about becoming a film backer, but if you could do it direct, makes more sense than paying kickstarter/amazon fees, imo.
$10k to $5.7 million!
candice, i want lots of things. unfortunately...limited funds.
cool emily, glad to hear from you!
@jennifer groff. be sure to post what you think after you watch the last episode.  you will completely understand why some time of closure just had to happen.
15 min left... bittersweet
better version of the pic, full-res: http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8112/8644691312_faf362eec4_o.jpg
cardiff is 20 minutes from me i'm on my way lynne!
@brenda the big backer wasn't even a vm fan, but an active kickstarter backer. have a look online, there's more details about him
@nicole, i liked roswell, but i'm not sure i'd pay to make a movie happen, or maybe just a couple of bucks... i thought we kind of had closure at the end of the show...
@nicole, oh my gosh, a roswell kickstarter would be awesome!!!
@elysia hamilton
btw, since i may not get as big an opportunity to ask, i would really like to sing a cover of the song "we used to be friends" as rob was asking. but i can't play instruments. worst case scenario i'll submit something acapella. also, as i mentioned earlier, i love doing parodies and could totally come up with one for this amazing campaign/experience. if anyone's interested in collaborating, find me on twitter @thesanakhanshow (and if you go to my youtube channel /thesanakhanshow , you'll be able to find other parodies i've done when i was in school at nyu. recently graduated) no worries either way though. this has been unbelievably fun!
@dimity: no :-)
so close to 5.7m and only 15 min away. marshmellows rise to all challenges!
oh yes roswell!!!!!!
just 20 minutes to go now, so i feel it's time for a huge thank you to everyone here, even the backers not present in the comments. mr. thomas, thank you for all your wonderful work throughout the years, and for giving us, the fans, the chance to donate to such an awesome movie project. veronica mars is, and always will be, one of my all-time favorite shows, and i cannot thank you enough for your tireless work on this project. it'll be so worth my time, and donation!  and to all marshmallows: i know i've said this a few times now, but it's truly an honor to be included among you guys as a backer. we are powerful. a driving force. tv networks (and the rest of the world) take note! veronica mars fans are dedicated. stick around here, if you can, people! much more fun to come! <3
@ ann - yes or join us on skype :)
i guess no more people want an inspirational message from logan.
@nicole crenshaw:  i am totally with you on the "roswell" show...loved it!!  would love to see that movie too!  :)
enjoying the last 16 minutes drinking hot cocoa with marshmallows and watching season 1. good times!!
this is the first time i've commented here, but i just wanted to say i'm so glad we did it! veronica mars fans are awesome!!
is it wrong to still be in my pyjamas at midday watching this counter??  ;)
a question : we can still hang out here and talk too eachother after the projekt ends - right ?
you can't make a scifi movie in space for anything approaching 5 million so firefly is out, though dollhouse might be a possiblity , just sayin
welcome @jennifer groff!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
fillion even tho im a trekker at heart now if you said stewart thatd be a tough choice i prefer tng
i'm curious whether or not the largest single donation was $10k. everyday i came back hoping a very wealthy fan or parent of a fan had donated some absurd(ly awesome) amount. ;-) anyone know if rob disclosed that info?
12000 to go!!! hurry hurry hurry!!!
how about a fringe ks?????  do it... do it... johnny walker red, neat.  do it.
i really can't tear my eyes away from this page. sorry homework
whooo.
someone dissed us on my video... haha...  we got the last laugh, cuz we did it!!
what the hell la option is open?! someone get it
we have a party going on in cardiff by the sea san diego with shrimp and lots n lots of champagne this has really really been fun.
@jennifer groff - welcome new marshmallow!
has anyone uploaded video to youtube of the austin party?
i haven't been an active commenter but i wanted to quickly say a few words before this all wraps up. first of all thank you to rob, kristen, and the entire cast and crew for being purely amazing. i graduated high school with veronica mars and the show (and eventually the dvd's) was a big part of getting me through a hard time in my life. it has always remained my favorite show and i held on to hope for a movie, despite my friends and family's mockery and doubt. the show is the reason i'm a professional photographer today. i am so glad to be a part of this with all of you marshmallows... we did it! i am very much looking forward to some very much needed closure. ;) peace, love... and a pony!
i have to confess i never watched veronica mars until the record was broken the first day. i still have not finished the series (final discs come tomorrow!!!). the enthusiasm and dedication of the fans made me wonder if i was missing out. and boy was i ever.  i am so excited to be a part of this fantastic community and to be part of this project!!!
only 15 mins to go! i'm sad to see this project come to an end!
@julia :( damn it joss
oh! my fault - sorry to get you excited. it was just the premiere!
i hate champagne but cheers anyway tj
@nicholas i have the premiere- looking for the after party.  i didn't see anything pop up, and i was looking.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serenity_(film)
i want a roswell kickstarter ! the books went past the show, why not show us where they went after they all left and their adventures on the road :)
@vivianne joss knows about it. he was interviewed on day one and said no.
cinzia where in onatrio are you? there is me and one other from the niagara region
twitter follows all gone now.
a los angels premiere tix just opened!
is there any way to tell what number backer you were?
new season of firefly kickstarter...! someone should show the vm movie kickstarter to joss and start with a petition at the very least! this needs to happen
did anyone in sydney get a theatre package??
@melissa ramirez:  i know what ya mean!  the excitement is contagious!  :)
oh no!  there was just a ny premiere open and it is gone now :(
19 min hurrry people!!! 5.7 mil is right there!!!
oops can't do that. it's only open to the us
what option?
i'm totally cracking open a bottle of champagne left over from new years. love this marshmallow brigade. cheers to us!
did anyone in chicago or st. louis get a movie theater package? :d
joss whedon has already shot the idea down: he and his stars are too busy directing the avengers and being castle or whatever to reboot serenity.  maybe they'll do a vanity project in 20 years, when no one's hiring them to do anything else...fillion as shatner?
michelle rob wont let us down he will keep updating us, daily even if we have to put a tazer to his head lol
@jennifer tyler did you scoop up that ny option just now!?
@dana does this mean, that we are now 09er
now la is open!
whedon already said no.
@jennifer bueller lol love it!
did anyone say firefly kickstarter????
someone needs to buy that movie screening. i feel so bad for that lonely last package that keeps getting purchased and then dumped. ps if someone from ontario canada buys it i'll pay to see the screening.
not a poster, but i have loved watching this take place and reading the convos and ideas presented here. so pumped for this movie and for being a part of such an amazing group of people!! thank you rob, kristen and marshmallows everywhere!
@michael that's exactly what i've been thinking (hoping?) would happen.  there's still time...
counting down....
that would be epic @southwick! meanwhile, i have so much other stuff i need to do, but we're close to this being over. might as well hang in there. ~20 minutes.
@jason a firefly kickstarter is the only thing that would make me more excited than this.
been alot of fun following this campaign. well done to all the fans who have made this happen. an average pledge of over $62 ea is awesome! :)
someone should just drop 5mil on this at the last minute so we can have every record, ever.
@jason um, a firefly kickstarter? do you know something us other browncoats don't? share bro c'mon now
just over 20 mins left.  is there anyone out there with a ny after party package who wants to let it go?  anyone?  bueller? just taking a shot! ; )
new york open! go!
22 minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we made headlines people!!! virtual hugs and lots of love http://m.cinemablend.com/new/veronica-mars-breaks-kickstarter-record-most-backers-36935.html
@holly, i rarely post stuff online in a forum-setting like this, but i felt compelled to chat with all these awesome people! :)
good job everyone!! we did it! made history once again <3
@marie: great article!!!  thank you for taking the time to write it and post it!
how did we hit 90909 with 49 minutes left yet the video earlier showed 90910 with 50 minutes left.  does that mean the minutes to go is less accurate than the totals?
@dana s: nice :)
i wish this page reloaded automatically , what a pain
16000 come on!!!! final push!!!
i confess: early on day #1 i had doubts that we'd be able to reach $2m. so excited that we brokeso many kickstarter records! one happy marshmallow...
kicktraq shows 8722 new backers today - that is some amazing stuff right there.
rob has a camera crew with him throughout this whole campaign so one way or the other we will see what happens tonight at the austin party.
i just left and jason dohring showed up whyyyyyyy omgg noooooo
i don't usually post comments...but just wanted to thank all of you who do!  it has been great to read your comments/convos while simultaneously watching the amazing countdown!  what an extraordinary group of fans we are!  "yay, us!!" :-)
@heather me neither!
i was afraid i would miss the final countdown but i made it!!!
@james walsh -  people can pledge more money than their reward level.  like if they added $25 to get both shirts.
thoughts of a proud backer: http://lifebehindthescenes.wordpress.com/2013/04/13/vmmovie/
if firefly had a ks campaign? hoo-boy! ks might need a few more virtual servers to handle the traffic load.
@jason firefly had its move.... gief deadwood movie !!!!!
@holly yes that is the package that i am wanting and it seems like i am not the only one.
@fiatluxury that is awesome!
@james people can pledge more than the reward is for.
james, maybe someone backed but didn't take a reward level they could have?
quick someone pledge $315,000
i think there will be some large last minute pledges, i think we will blow by 5,700,000
loving being on the inside of the 90909 significance. :-) http://www.flickr.com/photos/roniabirk/8643554683/in/photostream
@jason: i'll be there, brother! :d
listening to my old vm soundtrack cd i bought with my birthday money when i was 14 :) this is so exciting!!
proud marshmallow representing sweden sitting in london. amazing. brilliant. best fans ever.
hey for any that care i just went over to the darci project added up all the packages taken and it doesnt match with the listed pledge amount its off by roughly $500 or so, what gives? its listing $500+ too much according to all the rewards and yes i have way to much time on my hands to do all that counting.
what are we going to do tomorrow?  no ticker to watch, no backers to recruit.  only months and months to wait for the movie.
1st kickstarter project to gain 90,000 backers or more. that's a record that will always stay with this project.
i wish someone would get that screening!
i really wish they would have released some more logan lovers packages :(
cant stop reloading page :]
this entire month i've been sending one of my coworkers an email at the end of the day with the $ totals of pledges - i think she found it annoying, but then today i mentioned it was the last day and she kind of pouted "really? aw."  hee! even people who have zero interest in the show or the movie get addicted to the counter!
to everyone!!! grab the vm snapshot away!!! http://www.georgepetergatsis.net/art.html i want to make a collection of everyone's 90909 snapshots... thoughts? gpg
@michael i guess we'll just wait on the firefly kickstarter to crack 100k :p
prefect way to end my night. watching veronica mars while chatting with fellow marshmallows as we finish this kickstarter!
maybe rob and jadon will do a youtube video as a final update after the project closes tonight!
if only we can get 5.7
image of 90909 and veronica if anyone wants http://i.imgur.com/wgubzxi.png :)
@jennifer. i just followed you on twitter
28 min!!!! this is so exciting
okay, 19,400 left to $5.7 mil with 28 mins left. that's $692+ a minute needed. can we do this?
less than $20k to $5.7 million . . .
@dimity: great job!
i wish they were live streaming from the austin party
@jason: now that's just being greedy :p
@dimity love it!
30 min now.. this all feels so surreal.. i've been here most of the day looking at that countdown! i'll celebrate my way with some champagne and watching a couple episodes and then go to bed and finally get on with my life lmao most unproductive day ever
is there any video of the austin party out there yet? wish i was there; too bad i live about eleventy billion miles away
a shame we wont make 100k
@l thank you!
i am from costa rica, i speak spanish (hola a todos) and i am very happy in this moment, this is almost done and very soon we will have our movie.
@echo, which one do you want.  i have the 150 package?
or you could make a cast member leave a "go pan high!" voicemail, just for the hell of it . . .
20,000 in 30min..can we do it??? come on everyone!!!
man this is going to be awesome,only 30 mins to go.
half hour to go!
@stephanie (or any other fellow vm fans) i'd love to keep up through the movie process.  i'm on twitter (but still figuring it out) as @thatjenncheng and also on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/jenn.cheng i love being a marshmellow, and talking with all of the equally amazing marshmellows!!!
btw, back to that idea of making this new number, whatever it ends up being, a new zipcode in the movie. do they have zipcodes with 91xxx in ca? i guess it doesn't matter. just another inside joke for us, right? really like that idea. hope they decide to reference it in the movie.
i don't want any credit for my large contribution, maybe just an on screen credit as associate producer and of course the tee shirt, that my pledge level earned me
might i put in the suggestion (it's probably been made) to get dandy warhols to play live at the reunion party in the film??
@l you are awesome! thanks
what a beautiful gathering in austin, by the looks of these pictures. looks magical :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch…  kind of a cool little interview on good morning america, i think it was.
@imkristenbell just tweeted "yeeeeeeep! "@vmars08: most backers ever? check. 90909 backers? check. @veronicamars fans are capable of anything? check. @neptunerising"
1/2 an hour
90909: http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8241/8644667048_699b941ea9_h.jpg
remember this ? ;) veronicamarsmovie@warnerbros.com, for fans to bombard them with emails about turning the cult-hit series into a film. "i was surprised as anyone that warner bros. set up a 'veronica mars' email address," the show's creator rob thomas told tv squad via email. "no one has talked to me about it." a long time ago, and we did it !
ok maybe not but its going up pretty quick now
@george, can i steal that screen cap it and just credit i back to to kickstarter? sorry i missed it.  does anyone want a logan lover's package
@dan j balkwill- it didn't give any sort of number. but i clicked confirm the second i saw it jump to 90908
@fiatfluxury it might still get to that
thanks steven, i got one of those, i wanted one with kristen's photo and the 90909 counter
repeating @stevenehrbar: only a short time to get one of the 110 other-cast-member voicemail messages. don't you want an inspirational message of the day?
@lais http://instagram.com/p/ybw_6bygyh/
my zip code is 91711 so that would be pretty exciting
ah, so happy to be a part of this! great job guys *group hug* -leah (using my dad's account)
@lais someone posted it on here
@lilly - not my photo, just found on twitter :)
i sent rt a message as follows: hi rob. i am not sure if you would have seen this idea in the comments section amongst all the craziness towards the end of the project, so thought i would send you a message about it. the backer who came up with the idea is david cheatham. he posted: 'hey, i have an idea. i don't think we've ever been told the non-09 zip code. how about rob making that be whatever the number of backers ends as? and mention it in the movie. unless its something well known like 90210 or something. i hereby grant the copyright in this idea to rob or whoever owns the vm copyright.' a lot of people think this is a great idea seeing we can't recall the zip code of those people not in the 'rich' area being mentioned, so hopefully you might consider it? cheers, dimity
oh, wait, no, sorry.
hopefully it stops at 92081 which is my actual california zip code :)
man, was really hoping for 5.75...but i guess we did pretty good anyway. :)
i now what you mean @ann. and it's such a great song! i never get tired of it. plus it's so fitting for a high-school reunion storyline.
@melissa right..tho they're still gonna be making money now..they should feel bad rather than stupid, for making us have to wait this long. i say wb doubles the amount raised here!
@lais http://i.imgur.com/ljue8ep.png
@samaya, i'm wondering the same thing! i'm getting kind of emotional about all of this! i just can't believe it's really happening! i guess it's true what they say, we're all just marshmallows!
i saw the pictures of jason at the party and almost started crying
thanks guys for giving me the link to those photos!
@ melissa, lol that's what i was thinking too!
@melissa yes, yes they do
anyone's got the print screen with the home page of the project? and kristen's photo? i got 90910!
jason isn't supposed to smile
nice pic lorene!!!!!!!!! :d
@melissa bahahahahaha! was thinking the same thing. stupid wb.
only a short time to get one of the 110 other-cast-member voicemail messages.  don't you want an inspirational message of the day?
@amanda look for #veronicamars movie on twitter and instagram
the wb probably feels really stupid, right about now.
ya... lol... still fun!!
@jeff ditto; thanks rob and friends!
im gettin all sentimental .. sitting here, counting down the minutes with you guys - listening to miss li - spaceship . soon its time for "we used to be friends".
i wonder if rob thomas knew all along jason was coming and kept it a surprise or jason decided to surprise everyone rt included?!
@jeff: ditto! thanks everyone who worked logistically, rt and crew, especially!!  this is the biggest tv-related thing that's happened to me. you guys have restored my faith in humanity! :)
here was a better jason pic: emily freeman ‏@emilyrfreeman 1m logan showed up! #veronicabars http://instagram.com/p/ybyryefhpx/
@tabetha i stair-stepped my way up, too. i agree! i'm thrilled to be part of this project along with so many other great people. tonight has been such fun! veronica mars fans are truly the best!
@amanda someone put a pic on here but the messages are going by so fast that i can't remember who lol
anyone else feel like we have really done them proud? i really want to yell "in your face" to anyone who didn't believe we could get this done!!!
missed that logan lovers package again :-/
just did a quick search and cali has zipcodes rangeing from the 90 to 96 etc....
i was so worried the site was going to crash by this point. kudos to kickstarter for a strong site.  i wouldn't want to miss this since i can't be in austin!
@krystal..lol. same exact reaction i had
@amanda nelson https://twitter.com/olsonkayla/status/322894133297545217/photo/1
i think it would be awesome to list everyone's name in the credits of the movie i know rob said he's listing it elsewhere but if it could be done i say do it.... and on that note i just realized that i have to plan my veronica mars movie weekend - they should show all three seasons in a theater leading up to the opening night...... viva la marshmallows!!
@jeff: well said!
would love to see a video feed of rob or kristen when the time is up!!! this is so exciting to be a part of :)
i have to keep telling myself to stay strong and stay awake, haven't stayed up until 4am for a looonnnggg time
boo i can't find pictures on twitter with jason at the party. anyone know if there is such a picture out there?
i have a good friend who lives in austin, and he could care less about veronica mars, he's never seen it, oh well
just wanted to give a huge huge thanks to rob, kristen, jason, kickstarter, wb, and anyone and everyone involved with this project.  you took a dream and made it a reality.  especially rob (and kristen), who refused to take no for an answer, and kept working and fighting to make this all possible - and who despite probably working 20 hour days lately, still took the time to read our comments and send us updates and videos.   can't wait till the movie comes out.  we can only pray that this leads to the next step of the journey -vm, season 4.
i pledged a small amount the first day, then upped it, then doubled that, and then ended up tripling it!  this really is a once in a lifetime chance to back something that i believe in so much!! rob and the actors gratitude towards the fans make it that much more worth it!!!
too bad beaming is not an option...
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
popping some popcorn for the last 38 minutes!
i think we should all move to austin right now!
lol! congrats giselle!!!!!!
those of you in austin someone give ask rob so seriously are you going to let kristen taser you???
@adam. stick it out!
@adam lol sounds like me. 3:20am here and my kids will be up at 6!!
i'm hoping for after party tix to magically open at the last minute.... :p
this is so awesome to be part of!! i just can't help, but to keep saying it!!!
cannot believe that i thought it was going to be too crowded and skipped austin tonight. rob lied to me, he said it was just going to be him and his laptop. wahhhhh! (jk, i'm not that pathetic)
@jon, mind if i copy your icon? <3 90909!
thanks guys! this is the best community ever!
it is 4:19am here, dunno if i should stay up till the end or not....
$416,000 pledged today with 40 minutes to go--the third-best day of the campaign!
yes @david cheatham and @dimity reeve
@giselle congratulations!
could we get that "i saved veronica mars" sticker design as an option for our t-shirt?
hi jon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! welcome to the party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@giselle congrats!
darn. i wanted the logan lover's deluxe package! it was gone in 2 sec... >.<
and thank you too maya!! vm fans sticking together. smooches all around!!
90910th backer may get 'you and 90909' ppl backed this?
love the pictures!  so awesome!!!
@elysia i realize that now apparently i failed math but was still allowed a college degree ;), or i'm just mad crazy excited!!
i remember hoping that after the excitement of getting the $2 million in a day; people would still donate a little more ha ha
so jealous of anyone at the party in austin! and of anyone who got the ll
@erica, with 41 minutes to go? i'm betting no
im trying to upload my video to youtube
amazing that jason showed up at the bar...shows how important this is to them!
why oh why can't i be in austin
my screenshot at http://i.imgur.com/ljue8ep.png
91,000 and as i typed that it already jumped, amazing
1 ll package available
arianna tricker: if u get some notification that 'you and 90908' ppl backed it...?
great news giselle!!! congrats!
omg. i wish i lived in texas right now. i would be screaming like a 13 year old girl if i saw jason dohring in person
any chance we get to 100,000 backers?
91k!!!! wow
so close to snagging that logan lover's spot but someone beat me to it .. grrr lucky
holy crap! a logan lovers package opened up and i just snagged it! i fell asleep last night waiting for it and somehow managed to sleep through my alarm (4am sydney time)... so happy right now!
@dimity that's actually a really fun idea!! it would be like a shout-out to the backers.
@valerie were almost at 91,000 not 100,000 that's 10,000 away
did someone say they saw jason dohring (logan) at the austin party?
hahaha @ james.. we could be twins ;)
following twitter, and the pictures are starting to pop up.  i think mr. jd stole some of the thunder of hitting 90909 for me....lol https://twitter.com/olsonkayla/status/322894133297545217/photo/1
90909! https://twitter.com/cappuccinozen/status/322895486291963904
http://instagram.com/p/ybxcoxnvxu/#
@jon nice picture!
there should be some kind of special swag for the ultimate '09'er!
gotta check twitter ! just found this picture ! http://instagram.com/p/ybxcoxnvxu/# i'm so far away so i have no regrets ^^
i knew austin was going to be amazing tonight!
< new pick for you guys :)
anyone interested there is a 250 logan lovers deluxe package that just opened up.
jason dohring showed up in austin https://twitter.com/olsonkayla/status/322894133297545217/photo/1 i'm dying inside
can't believe that jason dohring showed up tonight in austin! so upset that i have a job and live in virginia :( i had a coworker tell me to catch a flight after school and go down...maybe i should have listened!
so what are your new number predictions for when this is over?  my guess is going to be 92,437 backers and $5,692,432 pledged, lol.
shout out to the first person to come up with this idea: he deserves the credit: david cheatham 36 minutes ago hey, i have an idea. i don't think we've ever been told the non-09 zip code. how about rob making that be whatever the number of backers ends as? and mention it in the movie. unless its something well known like 90210 or something. i hereby grant the copyright in this idea to rob or whoever owns the vm copyright. like if you agree, someone tweet rt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
https://twitter.com/olsonkayla/status/322894133297545217/photo/1
hi lilly :)
how can we follow what is happening at the austin shindig?
2 logan lovers open
i really like that idea of using the new number as a new zip code...that would be so awesome!!! i can't wait to see how high the numbers go!
kenneth: hell yeah! she deserves a unicorn, with all that cash! look at it!! :)
screencap with the main screen of the ks campaign: http://www.flickr.com/photos/roniabirk/8643554683/in/photostream/
screen shot pic.twitter.com/nhd7mmmsj8
everyone the comments section will stay open even after the kickstarter ends. so if you want to continue posting here you can. also some people have started a skype group.
good morning ann
nice it skiped right over it on my computer
@kenneth she better!
why don't we guess what number of backers we reach!! any guesses??
http://s1308.photobucket.com/user/aubrie_ryniak/media/image_zpse44c6930.jpg.html…
http://imgur.com/bi0fotv screenshot 90909
and thank you rhian!!
you can view projects that are ending soon, so that might be one of the reasons. damn connection the counter jumped from 90908 to 90912 for me, thanks for sharing the ss :d
https://twitter.com/cappuccinozen/status/322895486291963904
so veronica gets a pony, right?
ok that was seriously cool - 90909  pic.twitter.com/a0mn1g45ka
thanks @michael southwick!
all i did was walk to the fridge to grab a beer, and i missed it. dang you beer.
ok i'm stayin here for the final countdown
thanks for the upload guys!!!
250 logan delex package open up
@rhian, thanks for the screen grab. tweeted it.
http://twitter.com/alexalozano/status/322894558868426752/photo/1.  #90909 screenshot
i also uploaded to the site. scroll to the bottom. http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/
yeah baby!!!
hooray!
dude so are we going for 100,000? we're like less than 50 away!!
logan lover's 1 spot available if anyone wants it.
so were going to hit at least 91,000 that's 4000 more than the record woohoo!!
good morning everybody ! im here for the finale countdown . $6 millions maybe? ;)
i have it at 90909 with 5,669,818!
i grabbed it from http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week too http://pic.twitter.com/7rjvrmyr7o
okay, so....45 minutes to get to 5.7?  and let's call that a wrap, baby!
another 90909 shot guys :) http://imgur.com/cmgbzl8
yea that zipcode idea is coo an with something like 91etc it sounds right for cali
45 minutes!  who thinks we can hit $5.7 million?? it'll be close, that's for sure!
i know it's already been posted but here's another screenshot http://imgur.com/v2lg8fu
thanks for sharing the 90909 screen shot!!
thank you for the upload!
also on my twitter (if i did it right?) @canandrea
@john, thank you! :)
i'm going to pretend that i never found out that i missed out on meeting jason dohring too! stupid migraines!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mine skipped from 08-10, but still got it... cool
90909. http://imgur.com/ssla4qc
george peter gatsis got a screenshot!!! "here is the veronica mars 90909 snapshot!!!" http://www.georgepetergatsis.net/art.html
there are like, over 30 comments per two minutes...crazy!
thanks!
@aimee, i thought the same thing... who are all of these people all of the sudden?  don't get me wrong, i am so thankful for them, but this is just awesome craziness! <3
http://imgur.com/jvoqdjb
@jesca you are a star thank you!!! *hugs*
@rhian you're amazing...
@george you should send it to rob's twitter
ty jennifer :)
i also like the idea of using the ending backer number as the zip code :d
darn i  screen  shot 90908  and 90912  lol
@donna what? is that for real?! 'cause now i sooo regret not having made the (8 hours) drive! argh!
i tweeted it the screenshot - you can find it with @sedruolzenitram - yay marshmallows!!!!!!!!
@johanna: yeehaa! where can we see it? mine jumped from 90908 to 90912. (rats!)
90909 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
@lexi check #veronicabars on twitter for austin party stuff :)
https://twitter.com/thesanakhanshow/status/322895019704979456/photo/1
@rebecca...done!!
@julia nice work
you're a legend michael! thanks heaps mate!
yay, thanks for uploading guys!
got it! http://i.imgur.com/72p8fri.jpg
so much for 90909 hahaha
someone post a link to the cap, if it hasn't already been? post on fb, maybe?
mine skipped it :(
@agimano really? that's really cool of him
@sylwia good night! or rather good morning? :) all the best. i'm @davepfromsm on twitter. vm forever!
does*
that is a great idea julie! i love the idea of using the new number for the zip code
here is the veronica mars 90909 snapshot!!! http://www.georgepetergatsis.net/art.html
got it on video :)
*saw
yes, please post the screen shot on here if you got it!
i tweeted the snapshot!!
i can't help but wonder who all these people pledging this late in the game are, do some people just like to leave it till the end?
@lourdes you are a star!
melissa they better be open at least till the official website starts forum and all (or an actual chat box) iv seen them on websites not so hard to add.
http://i.imgur.com/alcrmim.png
aughhh... logan...errr - jason dohring showed up in austin.  i am crying now.  (sorry, hubby!)
yay!!!!! got a screenshot on my phone!!! 90909!!
twitpic.com/ciwzh3 90909 baby!
ugh, got a screenshot of 90,908 and then it jumped to 90,912.  anyone get a screenshot of 90,909?
yeah, i got 90908 and 90910 too! i hope that someone got it at 90909.
@anna silvestri how did you get it?  it shot right over 90909....
imgur.com takes two seconds
45 minutes buckaroos.  lets keep pushing.
i thought about it, and i have a logan lover's package did anyone really want it? i feel kind of selfish because i have that and the austin package.  i was going to gift the items to my niece, but she still hasn't "gotten" into veronica mars yet and i know there are some massively die hard fans. :)  hoping jason will make it to the austin premiere, and then i will just "pathetically" ask for his autograph then...maybe.
i have the screenshot too!
i got it!!
this is so completely awesome!
http://i.imgur.com/bzlaosx.png
here is the veronica mars 90909 snapshot!!! http://www.georgepetergatsis.net/art.html
if anybody with a screen cap could email it me nimf@hotmail.co.uk i'd be forever grateful!!!
a few of you got it?? share! please???
also, anyone at the party in austin tweeting pics?
i just uploaded the screencap to twitter. @sidfinch :)
i missed the screen grab by one
mine skipped frm 90909 to 90910 just as i hit printscreen grrr
tweeted it!! be.free.jessie
@cj: mine too
whoever got the picture post it please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got a screenshot, where should i upload it?
yes, i got the screenshot of 90909!
@l, if you have it... i'd love it!!  would you send to me?
next goal?!
oh no! there it went! i saw 90908 and then it jumped to 90912.
@l share please?
jason dohring showed up at the party, wow how exciting
i have the screen shot!! yeah!!
someone else made the suggestion that whatever the final total is, rob should use it as a zip code in the new movie. brilliant!
yes. i hope some one got the sreencap. it jump to much for me to get it.
i got it the picture just don't know how to upload it
i got the screen cap! woo!! congrats guys!
anyone got a pic of the 90909? me unfortunately not. kickstarterhistorymade!!!!!
mine went from 90908 to 90910 :( did anyone get a shot of 90909????
tried that too, lisa! :-d
pic.twitter.com/3fqs3zmxyl
did anyone get the 90909? i missed it :(
omg i so it go from 90908 to 90910!  lol noooo
missed it! i got 90910!!
yea... it jump to 90910
la premiere open.  don't let that one go...
i got 90910
@giselle mine too, bad luck :(
posted on twitter @jamesclitry check it out :)
woo-hoo! 90909!!!
yay! it hit 90909 for a second before jumping up!
missed it by that much! for the older fans. like myself
pretty sure i was backer 90909 :d
saw it!!!  90909!!!  worth sitting here hitting refresh for it.  :)  (backed on day one, but first time posting - but had to for that moment).
did anyone get it?  mine went from 90907 to 90912
arrrghh i've got 90908 and 90910
wait, did jason really go go to the austin party?
@fiat for me too :-(
got it!
attempted a screencap but it jumped right from 908 to 910 hahaha oh well, job well done everyone! :)
darn it! did anyone get a screen shot? my phone went from 08 to 10 :(
missed 90909 :( anyone else catch it ? it went from 90908 to 90910 within like a split second lol
did anybody get it? my counter went from 90908 to 90912!
it skipped!!! 90908 to 90911;-(
did anyone got the snapshot of it?!
@georgia,shelley - got it
it jumped over it
someone messed it up.
fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i had 90,908 refreshed it and it went to 90,910 -_- like really? lololol
anyone get the 90909 pic and want to share? mine skipped from 90908 to 90910
yes you guys got it. mine went from 08 to 10!!
dang!!! did anyone get it?? it went from 90908 to 90910... but anyway congrats to us yet another record!
i got 90910.....damn.
lol...oh well...it was there for a fleeting second! but more importantly...we beat this record too!!!
i got a screencap! wooo!
boom - 90909 and i got a screen shot ... need to figure out how to share!!
i have screen grabs for 90908 and 90910!
missed it!!  got 90908!
shoot. it jumped from 90908 to 90910 for me :*(
damnit 90908 to 90912!
what! it skipped it? or did i just miss it?
got the screen cap!!
i got a picture!!!
argh, it jumped!!
i think it would be kind of silly to stop when we are at 90909.
mine clicked right over from 90908 to 10 :(
been waiting all day and it went from 90908-90910, i feel cheated
i saw it!!!!! on my phone so couldn't screen cap but i'm chuffed i saw it!!!
mine jumped right over it.  waaa.
yay!! we hit 90909!! (even more now, by the time i finish typing this)
missed it by that much
i saw 90908 and then 90910! shoot!
mine just jumped from 90,908 to 90,910.
90909 done! w00t!
imgur.com to upload u dont need an account
mine skipped too! :(
90909 you go marshmallows!!!!
yeah a ton of us got it lol
thats funny we got 90909 at 10:10 est
got it!
i missed it! did anyone catch it?
got it!
yay!!! i hope someone got a screenshot - shot to 90910 too quick for me! lol!
my view jumped fom 90908 to 90910!
snap
or more accurately, saw it skip from 90908 to 90910.
it skipped to 10. :(
how do i post?
got it!!!!!
i made a screen shot:d
i just got the screen cap! whoo!
dammit!
90909!! now where's that beach?
i got it--i'll put them on twitter in a second: @sdtyree
omg, i actually got the screen shot.
with 50 minutes to spare.
yea! we hit and pass 90,909 now!
wait, did jason really go go to the austin party?
90909!
damn 90908 to 90910
did anyone get it? mine skipped!
i missed it!!! 90,910!!! damn! lol
i got the screenshot! i'll upload it in a sec.
got it!
stopp!
i got it!
ok...someone needs to go =p
pull the plug!
woot! got 90,909
lol i missed it did someone grab it
damn it
yeehah!
got the picture!!
got the screenshot!
got the screen cap!
awesome job everyone! we beat 90909! :)
it skipped 90909 for me!
lol
90909! :)
woot
omg
noooo
doneeeeee
if possible someone needs to do a screen cap of 90909 when it happens
90909
stop!!1
two more!
@belinda: no way! seriously??
don't make me do the stare !
almost
@ belinda fernandez - "logan just showed up at the bar in austin. epic." omg! that's awesome!
7!
la red carpet available
@kdesche - they can't.
jason? logan? right now? geez i wish i lived in austin. o_o
and jason dohring just showed up at the party down in austin.
omg
me  too
10 left
khan you say evil as if it were a bad thing....
okay, slow down, people!! ;)
4:08am here. i'm so psyched about this!!!!
do you think they will stop it exactly at 90909? i mean can they actually do that?
yes @melissa
there is pictures of the austin oarty. links have been posted
@belinda what????
10 left
10!
@belinda awesome!!!
stop! stop at 90909! :-)
really @elysia? cool! thanks to whoever had the idea!
i'm hitting refresh every other second now
@k gil pushing daisies ! plus sweet and handsome lee pace :)
logan just showed up at the bar in austin. epic.
i tell you rt scripted this all. even us
15
this is epic! we are making history!
@samaya: i wish there were some pictures from the austin party too.  i hope it is going well!
@thesana no somebody said it here first. then rob liked the idea i believe
goodnight all iim leving so im not tempted to spend more  hugs
i don't know about y'all, but in 52 minutes i am going to start a marathon of vmars with my boyfriend (i have turned him into a marshmallow ever since this whole project started)
everyone, get ready to try and screenshot! it's about to happen!
@kelly - dr. who is a fantastic show.  have to watch torchwood as well.
20
hope rob is watching  any minute now
20!
so close, come on
i'm freaking out right now!
i think it was rob thomas who first tweeted about 90909. the man's a evil genius i think. but he's kept me entertained, so i'm cool with the evil part :d
my question is how did they get $2mil in the first 12 hrs i mean did people know about it in advance and were just waiting to pledge?  i ask because melissa joan hart another fairly famous actress with many well know shows started hers almost 2 days ago and has less then $14k.  her "prizes are similar to ours youd think she has as many overall fans as we do why is she doing so poorly?  i sorta feel sorry for her.
oh i obviously didn't hear the whole zip code idea. in that case its a great idea. way to through this whole thing into the movie
a los angeles premiere slot just opened up. i wish it was for nyc.
far out this is jumping fast now.
i hope it doesn't jump over it :(
these comment pages will still be open after the project is officially funded...right? i don't wanna lose y'all!!
its so impossible keeping up with these comments lol. i am literally sitting in my car in the tim hortons parking lot charging my laptop with the car charger so i don't miss meeting the 90909 mark. lmao
i know there is a way to share what you are looking at on skype and taking a screen shot, but not sure how to do it.  i hope someone gets a good one!
this is so exciting.
longmont, co here.  this is amazing!  when syfy cancelled farscape but agreed to do the peacekeeper wars and when whedon made serenity after fox killed firefly i thought sure...the show(s) hadn't been over for that long but to actually get a vm movie after all this time and in this way!  that's fan loyalty!
i loved pushing daisies too!
my so called life was ahead of it's time. i am sure it would make it today, but then we wouldn't have danes as a teenager.
watching this as i start an addiction to doctor who. man- i'm a nerd
so close!!!!!!!!!!!!!
30
@ thesanakhanshow agreed! it would be cool. hope rob sees that! i can't wait for rob's (hopefully?) update tomorrow! and i wish people who were at the veronica bars would post here now to let us know what's going on! glad to be a part of this anyway..
for the wonderfalls fans, caroline dhavernas who played jaye is now in the cast of the "hannibal" series and lee pace who played her brother has a major role in the upcoming 2nd part of "the hobbit" playing the leader of the elves (that was him in the first film riding the elk).
glad you're back @kdesche
la premiere spot open too
thank you to whoever first mentioned 90909! :)
there is so much discussion going on here, its wonderful
wow 39 to go
loved f&g and mscl
@tina kickstarter will send updates after the project is funded.
"i like the zip code idea but it would change the movie. they would no longer be the 09ers" ? they mean make it the zip code for the people who aren't in the rich 90909 suburb.
i really should go back to sleep... once we pass 90909 i'm off lol!!
pushing daisies is awesome you should defs give it a try :)
40
thanks to mom, david and reid for backing a project they'd never even heard of!
just made it!!
welcome germany! i think it's worth it. this is soo nailbiting!
so now that we know we are going to hit 90909, does anyone have any end totals they are predicting?
it is jumping so quick
@lexi, although the finale of mscl kills me every time. man, claire danes was nothing short of brilliant at such a young age(only 13 when she shot the pilot)
kgil yes!!! i love wonderfalls (cow creamer=awesome) and joan! never seen pushing daisies, but i've always wanted to give it a try! :)
that one movie theater slot is still open!
54^^ oops lol
found it! re: wonderfalls - the therapist was talking to her *brother*, who was trying to figure out if his sister had been talking to the creamer...and at one point the therapist intones, "do you believe that you alone have the power to silence the creamer?"  and i just lost my shit.
i noticed with 90210 that some people saw it and some didn't.  so maybe someone will be able to get a screen shot????
@k gil pushing daisies! eli stone! gg! ( in addition to wonderfalls)
@lexi mscl and freaks and geeks were my fav shows!
hello fellow german
50 left in 45 min
an austin slot has opened up again!
50!
-50!
50
@colleen ha ha ha!
@ cj: sorry you couldn't sleep, but glad that you are here! :)
i know what you mean @lexi, but the way i try to think of it is that those shows never got a chance to be bad.
we're getting closer and closer!!!!!!!!!!!
@sylwia i've never seen terriers, but i am a fan of joan of arcadia and dead like me (and many others shows..wonderfalls? psych? gilmore girls? pushing daisies?..for example).
@tina i'm guessing direct to our emails?
yay! just made it on time :] cant wait for this movie!
omg it´s like the new years eve countdown :-)
i couldn't sleep (in germany it's 4:04) so of course i had to check in.
but seriously, no one's going to make me eat an actual marshmallow, right? cuz i really don't like them. ~60 backers to go!!!
@aubrie his name is cassidy!!!!!! lol
@ carole a. agree! love freaks and geeks and my so called life. every time i watch the season i get sad that it was a one and done.
numbers are jumping.  i don't think we'll be able to screen shot 90909
i really hate to see this end  and ?? if rob is oing to keep giving us updates how is he going to do it after the kickstarter is over since they come right now through it?
i don't want it to be over! i love checking every day and seeing the numbers and discussions
@melissa i agree! too many comments...so little time.
whoa ... did that leanback mode just turn on for anyone else?
60
"i like the zip code idea but it would change the movie. they would no longer be the 09ers" ?
please don't pull the plug at 90909 backers, just do a screenshot :)
under an hour to go happy, excited and a little sad all at the sametime :)
@shayna, my friends are like 'i didn't know that show was so popular'. well you missed out 'friend'. :d
-70!
so close!!!
come on 1 million backers!
i know it was meant to be all along! looks like it's gonna happen within the next 15 min...
70 . . .
70
it's impossible to keep up with these comments!
@carole. freaks & geeks was fantastic
@elysia - i would have loved to go for the bigger ticket items but i just didn't have the $ right now.  i'm happy with what i'm getting though and, most importantly, that we're getting a movie!  i never thought that would happen after all this time.  i saw the kickstarter program just before i left to go to florida for a week (march 18th) so i was in heaven the whole time i was down there!  you should make your own room and dedicate it to vm - start with hanging your movie poster there...lol
i like the zip code idea but it would change the movie. they would no longer be the 09ers
@elysia   i facebooked over and over to please donate at least a dollar.  no takers.  guess i need new friends.  i did get one friend at work to pledge after loaning her all my seasons. any slc vm fans out there?
yay, i'm glad that there are others watching the counter to see if we can capture it at 90909. the more of us watching increases the odds of getting it!
racing the clock! so fun!
80 . . .
other great shows canceled before their time: my so called life(perhaps the best of 'em all), freaks & geeks
almost there! 90909 here we come!  :d
yeah, the zip code idea is awesome!
94
am i the only one grateful for this nail biter? otherwise wed all be sitting here just to see a final numer. not so exciting if you ask me
so happy to be a fellow marshmallow.  it's nice to be excited for something that is for enjoyment and fun.  i love all the humanitarian causes as well but sometimes it's nice to pull for something that is just for fun.  thanks for being loyal all these years.  love
i loved joan of arcadia, i was very sad when it was cancelled
rob said if we can generate enough interest in this project and when the movie comes out he would love the idea of something new on netflix!  i know people think there are conflicting issues with kristen's schedule, but if rob said that as a possibility he might know something we don't, like when kristen's breaks are to shoot something new, even if it is a mini series.
less than 100 to go and less than an hour to go. can this be any more epic?
i wish beaver wasn't dead, even though he was totally evil! i love kyle gallner!
everyone on alert for screenshots!
if anybody does get a screen shot of 90909 they have to share lol! i'm on my phone and its 3am!!
i love david (forgot your last name) idea re the zip code. please if you're still here contact rob about your idea.
@laura, i know, right? that month just flew by, didn't it?
almost there!!
from the sound of previous updates it sounds like austin showed up to the party... all of austin teeheehee
@maria i agree!  showtime, netflix, directv, or maybe even (dare i say it after the whedon wars) fox.  they might have learned their lesson... so many great studios and companies out there and so many marshmallows ... this is better than nsi rtgs, all these folks are giving money to make a show, you bet it'll be watched.  just my thoughts.  :-)
i can't believe it is the last hour. it feels like yesterday when i woke up to find this was happening
watch the counter guys. ready to take a picture!!
terriers, joan of arcadia, dead like me - all my favourite shows. no doubt that great people watch great shows ;)
less than 100--i really hope that it pauses at 90909 so we can all get screen shots!
come on 5.7 min!!! if not we still did great everyone!!!
100 :-)
less than 100 now ...
100 to go. 1 a min. we got this!! kind of cool to have something at the end to keep this so exciting!!
that's a fun idea!!! to make the end total # of backers be a new zipcode referenced in the movie! (especially since it will not stop at 90909)
@emma maybe it'll continue after the movie. netflix maybe? or amazon -- they do original series too, don't they? "the return of veronica mars" -- yup, i can see it now...
i love the promo video and the longer one that is posted in the updates section!
@lorena: that's what ryan's watching! ok, i was so confused!! :)
100 left
oh... i'm thinking i'm going to be holding my breath for the next 60 minutes!  #turningblue
@fiatluxury: shawn ryan's already tweeted interest in doing a terriers kickstarter, and i'm sure donal logue and michael raymond james would be in. a long way off i'm sure, but the thought is out there!
i would have bought a mac pack
omg just 100 more!
100 more to go :d 1 more hour as well
just over 100... a matter of mins now....
@colleen i totally agree. were just awesome. i am not sure i know any other vm fans. i posted it on fb and nobody answered me lol. so i am all alone in my obsession. i started with the $50 pledge but thought go big or go home. i know id be bummed if i missed out. i just wish they signed the movie or something cause now i have to hand a poster somewhere. basement maybe? lol wouldn't exactly go with my living room décor lol
@melissa that was a perfect description of joan! god, i need to watch that too. f***, i am never gonna leave this board and get any work done! haha!
@julia: makes me glad to have missed it.
@fiat luxury: could it be something along the lines of: "does the cow creamer talk to you, jaye? does it tell you to do things? hurt people?"  "hurt people? no. well, sometimes. not in so many words, really." jaye tyler is the epitome of greatness. (and vm, also. :)
oh my goodness! only 100 more, y'all!
how many times have ya'll seen the video promoting the kickstarter event....? it never gets old, too many funny moments.... my favorite is ryan watching "tv" is really him watching rob do puppet show.
does anyone have any updates on how the austin party is going?  i wonder how many people ended up showing up?
@patric they answered the region question in the faqs.
@jennifer lol!!! bless him
i don't think we should pull the plug either.  i liked someone's suggestion of making whatever the backer total is a new zip code in the movie!  let's get as much funding for this movie as possible, that is what it is all about!
@patric won't be region free, but they are sending them with the right region for your country.
@dana the only good thing about the movie was it dealt with reggie's loss and helped he come to terms with losing her sister.
$25,240 in the last hour... one hour to go! let's make it a good one!
speaking of supportive husbands, mine was fine with me wanting the logan lover, he was just bummed there wasn't a mac lover for him!  ; )
just pledge my 10 dollars. can not wait for this movie man. now i just need to go back and re-watch some veronica mars :). thank you kristen and rob for getting this all started.
@dana it wasn't even the recasting that was the problem. the whole tone of the movie was completely different from the show.
any word on if the dvd will be region free? if i give $50 to get the dvd here in sweden i would like to be able to watch it too. :p
terriers was fab.  i hope donal logue is paying attention to this kickstarter thing...donal? can you hear me??
@samaya. it's like rt scripted it.
hey @emma ! i know, right?
@michelle if that does happen (slim chance, but one can hope) they must keep it away from the cw at all costs!
@samaya i agree!!!!!!
so close to 90909. getting to that number shouldn't be hard. it will be not surpassing it that is the challenge.
well my guess would be wb must be thinking holy shih tzu tbh o_o
@casey: terriers, it was just too perfect. :-) @aubrie: i don't think i watched the movie because so many fans reacted poorly. i hated the idea of the recasting. i may watch it some day. *sigh*
the synchronization of 90909 and the last hour of the campaign is just incredible!
140 . . .
lindsay, you too? i was so bummed when joan was canceled! (granted, i watched it through netflix, later...) i loved kevin, and joan, of course. how can you not like joan? average in every way, but completely ok with it. plus a good amount of veronica-esque snark, equals sheer awesomeness. the blend of poignancy (is that a word?) with comedic moments was uncanny. :)
has anyone been thinking that with this incredible success, we might even get wb to look at a season after the movie?
this has been the best month ever, but i am now so excited for the year ahead! we get our movie!
@elysia lol yeah i got an eye roll at what i spent but that was it!!
@jennifer tyler--me, too! haven't watched the new episode, yet! too busy watching this counter :)
@ben i actually thaught that maybe wb came through an gave us a million or so, maybe they do it after the kickstarter ends and rt does not have to pa kickstarter and amazon for it.
@ elysia - we're crazy in a good way...lol  funny i was born and raised in nf too and married a guy from st. kitts.  we separated awhile back but after living in to, burlington, hamilton and stoney creek, i finally made my way back to st. kitts.  i have a lot of family that still lives in nf though.  my daughter is a big vm fan as well and she pledged too - just enough to get a t-shirt.  nice to see there is someone else here from niagara.  good for you with the $275 pledge - i wanted the signed poster but figured i would be happy with a dvd of the movie and documentary of the kickstarter program.  love vm!  only about 150 more backers to go.
i got ken marino's autograph at sdcc last year. when he came out into the crowd on the extra lawn. i now treasure it 36423746238 more.
158 needed
@rebecca  he's now off to bed laughing because i am staying up for another 66 minutes.
love me some burning love!
@rebecca same here. i keep telling him everything and i honestly thought he was going to spaz at my amount but he didn't. he thinks im crazy but that's ok. and andrea you must have a really supportive spouse cause mine wouldn't go for that. however since we are in canada wed still need flight and hotels and stuff. the premiere alone it looked like he considered for a split second but once he thought of everything else said no way
@steven keep fighting the good fight. i think a logan inspirational message of the day is the best option of all the people voicemails and yet, no one is buying.
@dana s love dead like me! did you see the movie, it was called life after death? i hated it!
why would you guys want to pull the plug. yeah the 90909 zip code is cool and all but don't we want the production to have as much money as they can raise in the next hour or so?
@ dana s. terriers!!!  yes, loved that show to pieces!  after sdcc last year i did a little tour of san diego...passed by veronica's apartment and went to hank and britt's favorite diner, the old townhouse restaurant!!
@micah the more the better! the harder it will be for the next kickstarter campaign to beat our record!
oh god, there was some line in wonderfalls - can't remember it exactly, but her therapist said something like "does the cow creamer tell  you..." something something, and i quite literally had to pause it while i laughed out loud at his look of "a ha! gotcha!" earnestness.  hee! what the hell did he say? have to watch em again.
between 6p and 6:50p we got 579 backers.  so 12 backers per minute. at that math we have +804 more at 11p cut off, 91,539.  need to slow it down  2.5 backers per minute gets us the 90909.
@micah no way to pull the plug (un)fortunately.
don't forget to watch the new season of burning love, starring ken marino (vinnie) and ryan hansen (dick), on yahoo! it's hysterical!
"you got me a bow? a bow? how did you know?"
170 . . .
man a whole other season could be produced for this money! :-)
@jennifer i do i do! @melissa: best dialogue ever on that show!
laurel: i know right? wonderfalls is great. :)
@melissa r buffy is amazing, joss whedon is a god. you might remember him from the episode where veronica needs to find the rental car. he did a guest spot b/c he loved the show so much.
hopefully the plug is pulled at 90909, seeing it go to 90910 would be a bit anticlimactic.
geez we're so close! i have a confession to make and now seems as good a time as any – i don’t really like marshmallows. as in actual marshmallows… (i love all of you guys) though, technically wallace did call veronica a twinkie too in that initial scene, right? but alas, we all remember the day the twinkie died (though i heard another company bought the brand). and speaking of…i happen to have a parody about twinkies. shameless plug i know, but if anyone’s interested: http://www.youtube.com/watch… (i like making song parodies. one of my parodies on a different channel has 30,000 hits on youtube - http://www.youtube.com/watch…) maybe i’ll make a parody about our veronica marks/kickstarter experience. anybody want to collaborate, let me know on twitter @thesanakhanshow !
wonderfalls and arrested development both rule. i would throw out dead like me and terriers for those who haven't tried them.
@andrea aw isn't he good?
i'll chime in on the amazingly supportive spouses!  on the first day when i was reading all of the amazing stuff you could pledge for, my husband was like "okay, just do it?"  i was thinking tshirt or signed poster, and he let me go for an "extra for a day" slot!!!  he rocks!
this is like new year's eve! everyone's counting :)
there are still to 15 second messages from kristen left!
i'm hoping that at the last minute some millionaire comes and pledges $4.5 mil bringing the total over $10 mill... not gonna happen but that would be awesome lol
@jennifer oh, no!  here's hoping one opens up.  crossing fingers and toes.
so excited! was going to write: "veronica, keith, logan, weevil, wallace, dick, mac, duncan, cliff, leo, kendall, and even you vinnie--you no idea how much we've missed you guys!" but i guess now you do know :)
@jennifer: a pony?  i do, i do!!
@rebecca and shayna  i agree, mine didn't freak out at how much i pledged, and says he wants to buy me a fancy dress and shoes for christmas to wear to the premiere.  so sweet!
@shayna -they're good aren't they lol! mind you i have to put up with his obsessions too lol!!!
@melissa, i love wonderfalls. one of my favorite shows ever.
200 to go and 48000 until we reach all our goals!!!
@melissa: i liked joan...caught it later in reruns.  intriguing concept.  once all this is over i've got my sights on the debut of a new season of arrested development in may on netflix.  the fans demanded, ron howard and company listened.  i recommend it to any vm fan.  it's hilarious.
i know we want as many backers as possible, but if it stopped at 90909, that would be awesome.
200!!!!!!
200 :d
200
@all wonderfalls people (too many to name individually): the cow creamer is my absoulte favorite muse, aubrie!  i even have a ceramic cow creamer sitting on my desk. a total inside joke. :) "have a pancake."  "no, i don't want one." "have a pancake" "no!" have a pancake!" "fine! i'll have a pancake! odette, can i have a pancake?" hahahahaha!
@christian that's so sweet of you.  i didn't get it- but there's still 72 minutes of hope left.  plus, i'm seeing the movie get made, so i'd be pretty suckee if i actually complained!  just a little disappointed is all, but still thrilled overall.  it is veronica mars day!  who wants a pony?
@beatriz:  i live in st. petersburg.  we're almost neighbors.
@rebecca. here's to amazingly supportive spouses.  mine has been so good about my obsession of this project.
@steven probably the same length as melinda's seeing as that's a sign of genius and, well, veronica's pretty durn brilliant
@melissa omg i loved joan of arcadia! (and my other faves: fnl, alias, buffy, dexter, the  borgias, the tudors)
just 208 more!
wow, stepped out for a bit and we are so close now!!!!
@melissa that's my other favorite line!
watching the counter right now reminds me of day 1 when i just stared at it gobsmacked because it was scrolling so fast. except now there is the added intensity of a countdown displayed in minutes.
and i don't just mean the actress.  gretchen speck-horowitz.
@melissa have you been watching hannibal?  gretchen speck-horowitz ("destroy gretchen.  destroy her.") was on.
@jennifer--i'm @sdtyree
@stephanie - what is your twitter?  i'm @thatjenncheng
@colleen i was born and raised in niagara until 3 years ago when i moved to st. kitts to live my hubby. he thinks im crazy and when i told him there was another local on here too he said you must be crazy too. lol i did the $275 i just couldn't help myself!
i live close to tampa, fl
following the trend , anyone in hampton roads va want to put in for the theater?
i have to thank my hubby right now, before this is finished. not only did he tell me about the kickstarter project (i told him off, said he was mean to tease a film being made, so he showed me!!) but he has put up with daily count updates since it began!! i do love him!!!
@stephanie: right? wonderfalls is awesome. i love the brass monkey. "lick the light switch." :) in fact, that whole episode is one of my favorites.  my top shows are one tree hill, vm, wonderfalls, and joan of arcadia. :) although i have yet to make my way all the way through buffy. i'm currently on season 4.
@aubrie oh hell i'm never gonna get any studying done. wonderfalls here i come!
the pit falls of being laid off... i cant upgrade to any other prizes, as it is, i only did this as my present to myself for my bday next weekend lol
@michelle twin cities area.
i'm an 02er as in 22202
@david. use the contact me under robs pic and email him your idea.
@ david:  i like that idea.  if i remember right, the only non-09er zip we know about ends in 02.  from "hot dogs," the girl who got her dog stolen said she was an 02er, i guess 90902.
@lindsay "i don't wanna have a pancake."  "right on red, right on red. moo!"
110 potential logan voicemails still open.  don't you want an inspiring message of the day?
@shayna sorry - i was distracted by my sadness.  i have watched for ny party since noon and the one minute i go to tuck my daughter in it comes and goes.  such is life.  my consolation prize is i have the best daughter ever! i pick leo.  he is cuter than piz and has more in common with v.  her dad likes him (saved his life).  duncan still has that weird almost siblings vibe and meg baby baggage, wallace is an awesome friend but not v's type and weevil is just a touch too actual bad boy (although i'd love for them to have a hot sweaty fling!)
any peeps from vancouver or seattle down for getting the theatre deal let me know!
anyone in california want to come together to get the theater?
@lauren, what area do you reside in?  maybe some others close to you can pull together and do the threater.... i want someone to have it.
@david i love the other zip code idea!!!
so so stoked! love me some veronica mars. backed the first day as part of the original 2 million, and am stunned this is up over $5.5 mil! all i can say is yay!
@jennifer tyler, i really hoped you got the afterparty when it opened up again, cause i've been reading comments for a while now and you seem to want them the most, but i am sure you will have a great time in ny anyway and there will be a great unofficial party too...
i tried to get the poster but was blocked by not having room to hang the thin also lack of funds but i need to convice myself is lack of room
@david cheatham - i love it too! cool idea!
dallas here. i'll chip in $100 if someone wants to chip in the remaining $4900 :-)
and @lindsay - yay wonderfalls!
i think the $$ is more important than the chance we land on 90909...mo money, mo movie.
christmas gift.  one episode and i was hooked and bought all 3 seasons on dvd.  yay!
@david that is amazingly awesome
2 twitter follows and 1 kb voicemail are available. others as well, but those seem to be awesome
@laura i'm in minneapolis/twin cities. do we have 50 people from the twin cities looking at this comment board right now?
i know 90.909 will happen. i just wish 5.7 would too :/
@aubrie damn now i want a cow creamer
@ elysia - hi neighbour!  i work in nf, live in st. kitts.  i pledged $50 (well $60 with the shipping costs).  this is awesome.  i saw the first episode of vm at a family member's house who had received s1 dvd as a ch
call all your friends - lets get to 90909
@david. great idea @phil. take care. hi to your cousin.
@melissa  i loved wonderfalls.  one of my top tv shows...right up there with vm, buffy, and arrested development (my all time favorite)
@julia hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
@jennifer  piz! i love him.
wow!! i went to sleep and it was around 84k and i wake up it is over 90k!!! way to go guys!! i loved wonderfalls<3
@ david cheatham - awesome idea!!!
this whole experience is just epic. :)
wonderfalls is amazing!!!! my fiancé and i just had to register for a cow creamer on our wedding registry. "have a pancake."
@lauren, where do you live? if we want to figure out who in the area can pitch to buy the theater, we have to know where it is
so close... on its way to 3am in the uk.
6 million is not gonna happen but 90909 will
sooo exciting! the tracker is completely mesmerizing. i am so in awe of what has happened over the past 30 days.
@melissa - totally! i watched em all maybe last year? 2 years ago? for the first time and ate it up.  don't know why it took me so long. and why was that one cancelled? why are all of my favorite shows cancelled after one season? firefly and terriers also needed another shot.  sigh.
@melissa@fiatuxury@lindsay: me four!
90909
@paceyt advanced algorithm? sweet!
what are the odds of six mill at this point? what's more important, the 90909 or 6 million pledged?
@david cheatham - brilliant idea. i second that  :)
i know we will hit 90909 and i know i have to go to work. thank you all for good times and happy feelings... let's push til the last minute those who can. this campaign has meant a lot to me as it has for you. off to work i go. may that last 290ish backers be glorious.
thank you rob thomas for just giving it a go and believing in us! now can we have a movie premier in oz? :-) we can all walk down the red carpet...
just tweeted: i want to be an '09er! #veronicamarsmovie looking for 90909 pledges! @imkristenbell @robthomas @veronicamars
supposedly kickstarter doesn't allow for a hard stop. so...hopefully can get a screen capture. the idea to use the 'other' zip code was clever though. wonder what that 'other' zip code is and if they'll reveal it in the movie?
@melissa and fiatluxury  also a huge wonderfalls fan here :) (canada, woo!)
@jennifer, that is a great questions, but a really hard one.... i think weevil would be fun to see a kiss shared, maybe?  piz, i just think is too nice for her in the end.  duncan, though that would be sweet if he came back and professed his love for her after all of this time, he is just a bit too weird for her.  i love leo, but again, i just feel like he is too nice/soft for her, like piz is.  wallace has always been there for her and a best friend... they say a best friend makes the best mate!  i think that would be my choice...  him or weevil, since weevil has had her back so many times, yet still has a good edge to him!
stay cool soda pops
if we go over, maybe some of the $1 pledges will gracefully back out. at this point it seems only right for this to end at 90909.
300 to go!!! holy smokes!
it's gonna hit 90909 in 25 minutes according to my advanced algorithm
@!lauren, you are so right, it was be such a waste to see that thing go.  i wish we had some marshmallows here in virginia beach, 10 of us at $500 and it'd be done.  perfect theater for it too, just blocks from the beach and they have a bar!!!  :-)
309
309 more to go! :d
309 :d
@lindsay, the supernatural fans referred to dawn ostroff (former head of cw) as demon o for a reason. she made some really awful awful decisions in her tenure, including cancelling on of the highest rated shows on the network at the time (the game)
great idea @david cheatham
@david i like it
someone please buy the theater. i fear for lauren's sanity if this ends with that yellow still sitting there on the $5000.
to all the supporters. woot! go pirates!
pacey - yep!  it was an awesome and valiant effort.  documented all on this site: http://www.marsinvestigations.net/look_to_the_skies.php
oh and confession, i was so mad when they cancelled the show, i never watched the finale. still haven't. refused to until we were guaranteed more. guess what my summar marathon is? :d
i loved leo, and if v is going to be with someone besides logan, and someone we already know? i vote leo.  way hotter than piz, for one thing, and without that weird nervous fragility piz had.  ugh, he was such a dorm boy.
hey, i have an idea. i don't think we've ever been told the non-09 zip code. how about rob making that be whatever the number of backers ends as? and mention it in the movie. unless its something well known like 90210 or something. i hereby grant the copyright in this idea to rob or whoever owns the vm copyright.
@fiatluxury: really?? it's so hard to find other fans of wonderfalls! i finally own the complete series (which is much too short, btw.) and i watch it at least once every few months. so awesome. jaye tyler is one of my all-time favorite tv characters. veronica mars too, of course. :)
@jennifer. weevil.  i think that had untapped chemistry.  who would you pick?
@colleen cleve yay a local!!!!!!!!! i was wondering if there was more of us around here! what did you pledge?
way to go us, this is just amazing: breaking records and getting a movie we want! yay!!!!
@emily wasserman. but how long are veronica's toes?
people are talking about where they are from - it's really a shame we only have 82 minutes left to figure out if there are 51 people who want to make the movie theater happen where they are.
the backer numbers seem to be accelerating again, so just keeping doing whatever you're doing :)
i should be studying but i can't help but stick to the monitor to see how this goes down!
@melissa yeah, right? the way cw handled that cancellation was so bloody torturous, and a slap in the face to fans, stringing us along, then saying no anyways! well, look who's laughing now.
it is wrong to cry?
@jennifer is that real?
i really want this $5k theater thing to happen for someone, so hear me out. you have one person who wants to pay $440 for all the swag + a theater ticket. the remaining 50 people each pay $91 for a theater ticket. they can pledge separately if they want the movie/tshirt/whatever. $91 is steep for a ticket, absolutely, but like @johnny said, it would be to support the project and have the big screen experience.
how i spent my friday night as my husband is at the hawks game. wouldn't have it any other way!!
@aubrie r. i knew i liked you! hehe :)
@emily wasserman. lol that would be dick's second drunken vegas wedding!
this has been the most constantly fun and entertaining thing in my life for the last 30 days. i love my xbox, but pledging here, rewards or not, has made for an awesome time.
all these fans from around the world. gets you thinking. why was it canceled?
found it: the awesomeness of fans even back in 2005!!!! https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/322885980707246080/photo/1
@jennifer i choose a write-in candidate-troy vandegraff
it would just be crazy if this finishes with 90909 backers exactly.
@ jennifer - desmond fellows.  jk.  honestly, i don't know.  wallace is like her brother so i don't think that would work so much.  a drunk, crazy accidental vegas wedding to dick could be an amazing episode.
@melissa well ca is on my list lol i want to hang on the beach in the nice warm weather. but so is ireland but that one is easily attainable for me as my mother in law is irish and was born there. have met many of her family that has come to canada to visit and i have an open invite to go anytime. so that is on my short list
@jesca $5.7 mil. is pretty much guaranteed, need to pick up an extra $10,000 or so over pace, and that will happen.
i took a much needed nap did i miss much?
twin marshmallows from eugene, oregon checking in!! this is nuts! but in the best possible way :) you all are amazing.
anyone out in the virginia beach area?  i say we get 10 of us to do $500 and get the theater screening....
@shayna   that just made me say aw out loud. mac at the car gets me every time
@lindsay: i know how you feel...i just about threw a fit when i reached the end of s3 for the first time. threw a pillow at the tv, and screamed. then i cried.  my dad thought i was certifiably nuts at that point, haha. :)
@thesanakhanshow ahahah, grazie!
i live in kansas city, not really sure how many marshmallows live around here but if i had the money i would have donated for the screening regardless!
@jennifer piz is the perfect match for her. she's been through so much that she needs someone she can count on. piz is calm and stable so he's perfect for her.
i have been watching since noon- the whole time.
@tina no. it will survive :d
i'm from iceland, currently live in waltham, ma. vm aired on tv back home, but delayed, and i'd ofcourse already gotten hooked by then and watched along with us (vm is tied my all time fav show with fnl) i'm just beyond stoked that i'm in the us for all of this and thus could back it (there better be a theater in boston showing the movie, i'll be first in line and go many many times) hope a theater at home picks up the rights to show it too
@david dziękuję przyszłemu panu doktorowi, ale ja i tak jak na świeżo upieczoną absolwentkę prawa jestem mało poważna :)
we need about 4 backers a minute to get to 90909 backers.at the rate we're going, i don't think that will be a problem.
@fiatluxury omg yes my little pony thug life tshirt!!! i just watched that clip yesterday! possibly one of the best moments of dialogue on the show, ever
@tina no.
what i missed ny after party again! noooooooooo!
weevil
i liked the scene where mac see's her biological mom and goes over to the car where she is parked.  then leaves to go camping with her 'read' family.  and the one where veronica is driving the boy back from seeing his dad (who had the sex change) and tells him that his dad drives 90 miles(?) one way just to see him for a few minutes.  so much depth to the stories each episode.  so well written.
does this kickstarter page of veronica mars movie project go away after the time is up?
i just refreshed to get a person less backing. not. ok
st. catharines, ontario - just outside of niagara falls.  it's so exciting watching the numbers go up.  less than 400 backers to go!  :d
@robyn well your count has always been reliable...oh well...90909 is coming soon!
@melissa ramirez, i also loved wonderfalls, after a friend of mine badgered me to find the one season for years.... between that and the jail scene (was so hoping they'd get that my little pony "thug life" jail tat v had onto a shirt) i think we may be long lost sisters.
funny thing was - when my friend loaned out the dvds, i thought i would hate the show, as it was set in high school and i was so over that phase. but i thought it would be rude to give the dvds back without at least watching a couple. i was planning to watch a few and then tell her that it wasn't really my thing. needless to say, i was hooked right away.  the dialogue in the show is so good, i love the innuendos and double entendres, and there are some epic one-liners as well. i am still to this day trying to convince new viewers to give it a go, as i was also skeptical until i watched it  :)
yay @ben munn! we will have to coordinate movie viewing if they show it in town!!
@jesca i think it'll be close, but won't quite get there. it's been bringing in around $27-28k an hour. so with an hour and a half left, it'll get to around $5.68 or $5.69, unless there's a rush at the end.
what in the world are we all gonna do when this is over?!?
got my 2 sisters in as backers
new question: if veronica can't be with logan (she just can't in this question so don't complain!) who would you like to see her end up with? duncan, piz, leo, weevil or wallace?
@jesca at current hourly pace, we're close but not certain to make $5.7 million.
@jennifer cheng it was awesome! well worth every $.
lmao @jeffrey  - i wish this feed was like facebook. i would have totally 'liked' your comment. :d
hello from norway :) sooo happy this is happening :d
ny premiere tickets and after party opened up!
@dusty oh hell yes i do! i was a die-hard vm fan back then. (well, still am). i cried when they announced the cancellation!
nyc has opened up again!
one of my college watcher friends just let me know she donated :)
@jesca by my count... no
san diego is the greatest place ever. i kind of grew up there and it owns my heart.
i have to say, i'm having a blast doing this with you all tonight. this is amazing. so glad we get to hang out and celebrate veronica together! 90909!!!
@elysia: i'm in ca now. niagara falls is on my list of places to travel. also included is the rest of canada, ireland, new zealand, texas, the grand canyon...i could go on and on, haha. :)
@julia @victoria-  thanks for letting me know i'm not the only mi person here :)
ahhh a slot for the nyc + after party came and went so fast
@dara cosby yay! someone else from ohio!
:)
ahhh....i remember searching the web for pictures of that plane banner!  still have the pic saved somewhere...
@geoff well have 38% so we will see :)
has anyone been paying attention to the pledges/hour...could we get to 5.7 mil?
@lindsay hah awesome! wish we could get all them back here if not already of course! remember the plane and banner? :d
was anyone here a part of look to the skies? fun times
ohioian here checking in at 9:30pm :)
i saw a few people from chicago on here? darn thread moves so fast. and i agree about the development of dick's character. brilliantly written and executed. btw, i love chicago. if i couldn't live in ny, i'd consider moving there. or the dc area. or san diego!
pickerington, ohio. my wife thinks i've gone to bed early but i'm spending the last minutes watching on my phone. my family thinks i'm nuts.
@ trevis. the ship things out at different times. around may is when the tshirts and series are shipped
@lexi  cool! small world.  i love point pleasant.
395
@sarah smith - welcome, hope you got battery life ;-)
i missed the premier, but caught it somehow that saturday on mtv (thank you mtv!). was hooked and freaked, wondering what this series was, and how much i missed. was pleasantky surprised that i was actually all caught up for the next episode.
400!!!
@tabetha as much as that'd be awesome, kristen's pretty busy with house of lies.
i too am from mi
@stephanie i'm a michigan native, though exiled for the time being.
@stephanie: great job!
tabetha sorry for the error
almost there!! :>
dusty - i was one of those crazy fans that took part in the "save" campaigns.  i don't even remember all of them, but one involved mars bars, and one marshmellows and one handwritten notes sent to the network.  i was a die-hard twop-er!!!
it's going to happen- i can feel it.  so enjoy the ride.  (dick says "that what she says!")
@ brandi where abouts? i go over the border all the time. better prices. in fact ill be over getting a sams club membership this weekend. @melissa where do you live now? and ya you and a million other people a summer. lol man its just a waterfall lol im sure people have seen water fall before right? lol i never get the obsession people have with this place lmao
is anyone else going to try to contact netflix and/or amazon to pick up a new series of this show after the campaign?
@jennifer: that would have been fun! there were three of us total (including me), but we had so much fun watching. i found the show first when they re-aired it the summer after the first season on cbs, i bought the series and made my friends watch the first season, and that led us right up to season 2!
i'm in michigan and i feel like i'm the only one from my state on here (i made sure several michiganders contributed, though, so i guess that's what counts : >)
feels like a nail biter guys.
alabaman here and i can't wait to see the movie been waiting for years!!! this has been so exciting watching that counter rise!!!
so what are people with the logan lover's packages gonna request for the message?
buongiorno italia!
419 more backers to 90909!
this will probably get buried but does anyone know if they'll wait for 2014 to ship everything or if things like the series will ship asap?
@brandee bruce another sacramento veronica mars fan here. small world!
i saw the first episode/pilot because i am a big wb fan. watch most of their shows
tabitha i kept reading about vm in magazines so before s3 aired i bought the dvds over that summer
alright, time to tear myself away from the computer for 40 mins (drive time home lol). i want to be able to see the final moments :d
tabetha, vm was one of the first tv shows my family ever received through netflix. i was about 13 at the time, and i had seen the first three episodes or so, when my mom abruptly changed our queue. i asked why, and she said the series was inappropriate for me, at the time. a little over two years ago, i was bored over my winter break, and ended up borrowing the first season from the library. my sister and i devoured it it four days.  all downhill from there. :)
you guys have some great stories of how you first came to watch it! such great fans!!! go us!  lol.
@dusty me! mars bars campaign, anyone?
ooooh that 90909... so close
now's the time to put those dollar donations on accounts with all of your spare email accounts in the names of your friends and family.  so down to the wire, but i'd be so unexplainably enthusiastic if we hit 90909!
@dimity, that is great!
@dusty shull i bought way too many copies of the season one dvds to send to libraries!
good evening to all you!! i must be sleeping but i can't stop watch the countdown. it's so exciting!!
@emilie - woops, just saw your post now. howdy, fellow chicagoan!
@sylwia Śmiech to dobry lek! (jestem studentem medycyny). ;) @samantha laughter is good medicine! (i am a medical student) ;)
san diego :) this counter is so fun to watch
i saw the first ep the day it aired.  no idea how that happened because i wasn't a big wb fan or anything.  just luck i guess.  i made sure to see every ep after though!
join us prospective backers, the water is fine! dollar pledge make all the difference...it gives us another backer toward 90909!
3 a.m. in berlin... and addicted to the counter...
quebec city, canada 9:26pm
olympia, washington
@ben if it crosses next goal is 99909! lol
@geoff thanks for the tip!
italy! 3 am!
so, do we hit $5.7 million?
i was totally impressed with ryan hansen's acting of dick's distress and sublimation into drinking and being, well, dick at the start of season 3 - and that scene where he's yelling at his dad about how they treated cassidy? amazing.  (and i'm in chicago - represent! - but i haven't seen any other chicagoans on the board. if you're here - confess! and then we can complain about the weather.)
a friend imported the dvds from america and shared them around at work. she had the whole workplace hooked. was great to be able to discuss theories with everyone else at work!!
who here also all took part in the 'save the show' tasks we did so many years ago for veronica mars? :)
@emmabelle - glad to have you aboard. :)
@tabetha - i actually only watched it once this campaign reached $2 million, i had always wanted to watch this show but never got around to it, now me and my entire family have watched all three seasons, can't say that they're as obsessed as i am though!
hopefully the backer total actually stops at 90909 for a little while and doesn't actually skip it and go to something like 90910...
@phil yeah i figured after i commented that you meant locations
brooklyn, nyc @ 9:25pm.
@brandi @johnny the level says nothing about private and i don't see the point of going to the trouble of renting a whole theater for 50 people when most theaters seat well in excess of 50 people. i am 100% certain it is simply to make it local for you and 50 of your friends + community. that's all.
i love how there are so many fans from around the world for this show!! bringing people together! <3  :)
@sarah smith - the app refreshes much more slowly and is hard to control - suggest you use your browser (safari) rather than app :)
chicago here!
tenerife. its 2.24am here. i really should go to sleep, but i cant tear myself away from the computer
@tabitha my bff watched the it from day 1, showed me ruskie business and i was hooked!
the best- and now the world knows it!
hi everyone! i pledged a couple of weeks ago, and have been lurking on this comments page since. i just wanted to say i'm so excited to be part of this with all of you :)
yes, the series was shot in san diego, but neptune was supposed to be somewhere between la and san diego.
lol 96 minutes**
stephanie - i missed your post last night.  (this thread moves fast!)  i had a group of girls online i talked with after every vm episode - most were in dc.  they even had a few viewing parties, but i never made it.  i wish i'd known you then...that would have been fun!
@tabetha first saw it on ctv here in canada, thought it was good, then ctv messed around with airing the episodes, but i got back into it and bought the season 1 dvds..rest is history
to be honest, i just recently got hooked. about a month ago..
be back soon guys, dont hit 90909 w/o me!
i've spent over a year trying to convince my wife of kickstarter's merits. one tv movie and she's made her own account and backed 6 other projects.  for that, you get a dollar ;)
anyone think we can get to 5.7 million and 90909 in the next 96 million!?? rally people lets go!!
i have an extra ticket to the nyc premiere.  anyone want to go halfsies with me?
sacramento, ca here! so excited!! @ac jones: i love bondi! hoping to get back to oz at christmastime this year!
trust me... it's six hours to san diego... four hours to l.a. from where i live :-)
paris, france, currently 3.25 am ! :)
@jarikith thanks!
@jennifer i like the way you think. we're a great group of friends, aren't we?
@gabriela it was still san diego.. they just had san diego pose as neptune
richmond virginia!
how did everyone first get interested in the series?
oh you meant the locations, woops.
chicago here! got the logan package (that sounds dirty) and loving this whole thing!
reading, england - it is 2:23am, i'm currently sitting in my room reading the maze runner while keeping an eye on the counter waiting for the project to end
@elysia: niagara falls! :) i've wanted to go there ever since (don't laugh) i finished wonderfalls. (another show i absolutely love.)
well i think quite a few people thought of it because of that numbers connection with the show and people were posting it online and other people were agreeing it was a good idea and tweeting rt and kb with it so the idea took off.
perhaps 90909 is sort of la jolla? anyway, while there may not be a neptune, ca there is a neptune, nj and it is a shore town.
@louise @shelley @backupismydog thank you so much! ;)
@dale awesome! i'm originally from point pleasant, nj
elysia, i'm about 10 minutes from niagara falls, ny
it's not san diego though. because on the episode with the kid from the video store has her mom living in sd and veronica says neptune is 90 miles away
currently living in brussels, belgium. although i'm from the uk :p
nothing else besides vm would inspire me to be such a tshirt nut!  :) https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/319860560030216193/photo/1 https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/320255097135321088/photo/1
@shayna i agree!  i used to think i'd have to win the lottery to be able to finance a vmars movie.  who knew all i need was 90 thousand friends?  i wasted so much money!
i so was not going to back, not because i don't like veronica mars, but really you guys totally don't need my money at this point.. i mean you blew past your funding goal and everyhing. but.. i checked back in.. saw that 102 minutes to go.. and.. just.. could not stop myself. take my monies! make this movie epic!
@jennifer--don't know if you saw my post last night-but, i went to uva during the years that v. mars was on. did you say that was when you were there with your husband? crazy that two marshmallows were there at the same time! my room-mates and i watched every week together :)
greetings from sweden! i can't explain how amazing this is, we made it! i've been waiting for this moment for a very long time and it became reality. thanks to everyone out there, cheers!
@elysia take it up with rob with warner brothers. i was only pointing out that the whole point of the theater level was to make it local for you. you and i wouldn't do it, and that's fine. someone else might.
frankfurt, germany, 3:20 am!
so excited for the movie..i first got interested in veronica mars when i read an article that compared it to buffy with regards to the season story arc.i watched it and was hooked. been watching the old episodes on soap net to get pumped up for the movie. i am so proud to be a fan and can't wait for the movie.
481
i am in niagara falls, canada!!
@johnny, yeah you're right. i also think it will actually be private, that's the whole point of that reward level imo. anywho, i can't afford it lol so i guess it doesn't matter :-/ @emily wasserman -- that scene was what made me love dick's character. that scene, the one where he show's up wrecked at logan's door, and the one where he asks logan if he tried to stop cassidy from jumping are one my list of favorite scenes throughout the series.
you do not need to refresh it does it automatically!!!!!
@david niby sobota, ale współlokatorka się ze mnie śmieje, że piątkowa noc, a ja się wpatruję z przejęciem w licznik :d
toronto, ontario, canada
@nicole: hopefully soon! not for a while, though, most likely. so far, we know of los angeles, ca; nyc, ny; and austin, tx.  rt did say that the movie would most likely be released in areas where lots of backers reside.
neptune, nj
@samantha i just wrote that it's saturday after all so we have time (to stay up), right?
neptune, ca doesn't really exist.  most of the locations shot were in san diego, i think.  :)
stuck at work, watching the total climb. this so much better than my actual job.
99 minutes to go!
love that shirt @jennifer cheng!
i am from nyc as well
neptune doesn't really exist... it's san diego though
super exited for this :)
500 and 99 minutes
down to needing only 5 a minute
500 to go!!
500 until 90909
irvine, ca
uws. new york.
@jennifer. what a wonderful husband you have.  i bet it will be a amazing night!  i am happy with the poster, which will be prominently displayed in my office.  of course, i am just over the moon about the movie.  i feel like it's christmas and i'm 7 waiting up for santa.
can we get 5 backers a minute for the last 100 minutes?
btw, is anyone watching this from neptune, ca? you know, from 90909? wow. i need help o_o but seriously. anyone?
seattle, wa
500 to go!
casinoland, ct
507!
@brandi absolutely and traveling would be my preference for that $$.
new york city! chiming in cause i just got on to watch the backer number and thought i'd say hi!
to be specific i mean the counter :)
the shirt rob thomas should be wearing over there right about now? https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/322879751255621634/photo/1
i'm in bondi, sydney, australia. it's almost lunchtime, a stunning day and i'm hoping that we hit 6 million! love to you all.
we're about to drop to double digit minutes, marshmallows!
apple valley, minnesota
my fav moment is the s2 finale the scene on the roof between veronica and cassidy
@david no fair, i am nosey!
anyone else on an iphone? how the heck do you refresh without exiting,closing and reopening the app??
@melissa - hahaha. i'm probably also going to rewatch the series a few more times before the movie comes out ;)
@thesanakhanshow i'm in california!
i am in albany, ny, packing to move to las vegas, nv.  :)  where is everyone else?
still i could rent a few buses and pay for everybody ticket for less then 5000. say even a few buses at 1000 and 50 tickets x $8 is $400. no matter how you look at it, its not worth it. i could buy 625 tickets for $5000. that's like 2 theatres. and that's way more seats then in a theatre. i could probably go to the theatre and get a discount.
that logan lovers is gone lolol
@thesanakhanshow i'm on maui, hi. makes it hard to get to any of the events. :(
521 needed
@sylwia jest przeciez sobota to mamy czas, nie? ;)
oh my god i was so close. i went all the way to amazon confirmed and then the bad red message :(
@sanakhan: i'm in california. watching vm season 3, while refreshing this page. over, and over, and over...
when are they going to know what theaters will show the movie?
yep that i remember, thank you.  who decided on that as the new goal tho? pretty epic if we make it'
@anna, sorry to hear it's been a tough day. i just wondered, who says this isn't real life!
i was just telling my mom tonight on how i remember the first time i saw this series.  me and my boyfriend at the time were getting ready for bed and just had the tv on when some show called "veronica mars" came on and i was like, "what is this stupid thing going to be about?".  we both watched about 3 minutes and were hooked!!!  i don't remember where i was, or what i was doing when any other show came on for the first time, but this was just too great!!!
when veronica is in jail and is acting all tough and her my little pony "tattoo" is revealed it just slays me.  i promised myself then that if i ever had the misfortune of being incarcerated (i'd be innocent of course) that i'd have to get that tat in her honor (and to cheer me up).
gotta go.  thanks everyone for keeping me entertained during the last few hours!
537 to go
logan lover's 1 spot available again.
this is so fascinating. i'm from ny, but clearly there are fans from all over the world. assuming you're up and watching this comment feed, fellow marshmallows: where in the world are you watching this countdown?
@anna i'm sorry your day has been difficult. glad you're here with us now!
re screen capture - if you want to try and capture 90909 you're better off refreshing your page than waiting for the number to click over (its on a timer -a clock - it doesn't update every time a new backer joins - so if you get 5 backers at the wrong time your number will look like its skipping by 5) - bluntly it'll be just luck to capture it but with the numbers watching someone will capture it ;-)
just changed my pledge so there's a logan package up for grabs if you're quick
i did it now a $275 backer.  yea !!!!!
krystal 90909 is the fictional zip code where the wealthy of neptune live hence the nickname 09ers
@anna. i'm glad we helped you smile
@lauren, yeah but you can get the "big screen" experience for way less than $5k by travelling...and bonus for getting to go away for a weekend.
well if you are willing to spend 5k on a ks project i think it would be more because you are invested in it and believe in it rather than the absolute value of the reward, no?
when will we get to 90909?? i've gotta humor my mom and hang out with her... i don't wanna miss it! darn moms!
@david someone else from poland! so i'm not only one insane sitiing alone in night :d
i wonder how many girls really called veronica mars are out there...and who pledged...
today has been a very sad day for me, because of some things happened to me, but you have kept me company, and have been able to cheer me. not so much for the achievements that we have reached, but because i saw stranger come together for a common purpose, and spur each other. i wish real life wuold always be like this ks day. (sorry for my bad english, i dont know it very well)
last comment: yes it's a private screening for $5,000.  they will rent out the theater so you and 50 people can see the movie (hopefully) before it opens nationwide.
90909 is the area code for neptune, ca
@fiatluxury: yes! i second your favorite moment! i love that entire scene, with vm and her dad, in the jail...perfection. pure veronica-ness.
my favourite moment of vm by far is when veronica sings one way or another. just a little scene but so great.
@brandi - oh man that scene with dick and his dad, totally amazing!
@elysia - the perk is to be able to have big screen vm right at your doorstep with 50 of your friends. i think that's a big deal to someone who does not live in a large city and wants the experience of vm in a big screen theater. i will say that 50 people is a little low for $5k.
@ lauren....wait really? i've gotta agree with elysia...why wouldn't i just make the trip to wherever its actually being shown. my 50 guests can fend for themselves! or better yet, we all split the travel costs to wherever...
we have a theater here that shows only independent movies. i'm hoping it will get this one.
vinnie singing "private eye" is awesome!
@michael totally feel your pain. hope you feel better in the morning.
someone grab the logan's lovers quick!
@andrea i wish keith was my dad, too.
@am, i think it is a private screening since they are trying to show it before the theatrical release.
@elysia its a limited release, it wont be in theaters in a lot places
logan's lovers has opened up!
where did the 90909 idea come from?
why is this so fascinating? i really should be doing my homework.
er, "wicked migraine" not wicket the ewok.  :-p
it tells you hour to hour what the top countries, cities ect
once again doing her dont buy the logan package chant t
my fav songs from the show are hear the bells and lilly dreams on.  but all the music was amazing!  i can't wait for the movie to discover some awesome new toons. my vmars soundtrack is one of my g=fav albums and my 9 yr old is always asking to hear it.  no bieber for her.
#favevmmoments - when kb was in jail and cliff came to get her out saying "who wants to get out of jail?" and vm jumps around yelling "i do! i do!"  hee!
well, i can't pick a favourite, but i do love vinnie. and i wish that keith was my dad.
@jennifer tyler so many! my first favorite moment was when logan was putting together the video of lilly and veronica understood why logan was upset and gave him the prom footage, and the smile they shared at lilly's memorial. i thought that smile really established the friendship they used to have before everything went wrong. i also loved all the prom footage of the 4 of them (duncan, lilly, logan, veronica)-such a great contrast to veronica 2.0. history, nostalgia, and an understanding of why she's so bitter in the pilot. and then pretty much all of the classic love moments. and the antagonism between v and lamb. vinnie van lowe in general. cliff and the hooker. dick driving over his big toe.
1 about every 10 seconds is all we need
i'd also love to see the kickstarter statistics. i'm sure rob can get that for us. we did help make history after all. and getting #veronicamarsmovie trending would be pretty sweet for the last hour. i'm sure when someone captures 90909, it'll go viral.
i have a wicket migraine that i just can't shake.  so as much as i'd love to see this through, i have to hit the hay.  i tried to fight it, but it is what it is.  everyone who pledged is awesome.  i love that we're getting a veronica mars movie!  i hope our little community sticks together through it all. good night!
@ emily that was the first scene i ever saw if vmars... it's exactly what got me to start watching it ....such an epic scene
bjarne go to thishttp://www.marsinvestigations.net/index.php
vinnie van lowe!
@bjarne   for a country breakdown, go to http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/top_countries
watching games of thrones, drinking wine and obsessing over the counter...perfect night!
@ lauren really? why would i pay 5000 for that? i thought it was a private screening. id be better off just paying for 100 of my friends to go when it comes out.
6 per minute needed
@jennifer tyler....you want me to choose?? however could i do that? there are sooo many! i adore weevil's character and his first interactions with v are some of my favorite ever. then there are all of the amazing love scenes! when trina walks out of that elevator and logan breaks down in veronica's arms? omg, broke my heart! there is of course the amazing our love is epic scene and the first kiss. we can't forget the lilly kane memorial fountain scene. who didn't love everything about veronica helping logan create the beautiful video of the real lilly and everyone's reaction to it. oh oh! don't let me forget the scene where dick screams at his dad about his guilt over what happened to cassidy! so many scenes...i could never choose!
need about 6 backers a minute to get to 90,909
i've sat here silently watching for weeks since donating. and donating again and again, changing often. can't believe how powerful and dedicated all of us marshmallows are! then again remember the tv series stuff we did to get renewed and get cw to give notice. :) way to go rob, kristen, and all of us!  @projecthalo on twitter if interested.
**edit on my previous post: "moments"...
600 to 90909!
now they set the timer down to minutes! awesome!
i became a vm fan here in denmark when one of the local tv-stations started sending vm as a late night show at around 3am in the morning last year (2012). unfortunately, they only sent the first 2 seasons.  i absolutely *loved* kristens portrayal of vm, but the rest of the cast also did an absolutely bang job with their roles. i'm very happy that the project succeeded in getting the international options working, and pledged the $175 + $10 to get (almost) the whole enchilada. it would be interesting to see a breakdown of the number of backers on a country-by-country basis.
oh, i read the # wrong, we still have a few more, huh
its going to be very close! lets get #veronicamarsmovie trending on twitter for the last hour and we might make it.
@tina change to 175 and then click the appropriate reward you want. it wont charge you double
@jennifer i, too, love all of those moments (and whenever i hear i hear the bells it takes me back to that most delicious prom moment) but the one that blew my mind (not to bring it back to beaver again) was the roof of the neptune grand - veronica, logan and cassidy, and veronica telling logan he killed her dad and raped her and holy sh*t... even thinking about it now i get chills.
i've decided to try and stop myself just staring at this page by reading captain swan (once upon a time) fan fiction... it's not working :')
@robyn  thanks for your help.
guys, please ignore my previous complaint about the $5k theater level. i just realized that that is exactly what rob/wb are doing. you are paying $5k to choose the theater and for tickets for 50 of your closest friends - the rest will be sold normally to other interested moviegoers in the community. i'm slow.
>700
do you want it to be stopped at 90909 or do you want it go as high as it can?
there are too many awesome moment of the series for me to choose. i love veronica's obsession with ponies/unicorns, the sheer panic incited by the season 1 finale (even as i watch it over again. mr. echolls...can someone say creepy?) the song playing at the end of season 2's "normal is the watchword" after the bus drives off the road...and all veronica's snark, of course.  trademark veronica mars. <3
@ tina, change it to the total amount you want it to be, not the difference.
@jennifer that's so awesome! enjoy!
tina you change your pledge from 50 to 175. your changing it not adding to it
over 90k!! ok... we marshmallows are now getting greedy... haha
your welcome
@shayna my hubs let our fam & friends get me the ny premiere for our 10th anniversary present & is watching our daughter so i can go.  he rocks.
the first time i ever saw vmars was when i was channel surfing and landed on the season 2 finale of it..... the next day i ordered the first season on amazon.... *sigh* still so disappointed it was canceled :(
so exciting to be a part of this amazing project! thank you, my fellow marshmallows!
@tina just erase the pledge of $50 and change it to $175, then make sure you change your incentive level too!
i need to stop staring at this page. it's driving me crazy haha
thanks ginger!
i have been attached to my phone all day... i did not stop looking at it once it hit 90,000... have no clue how i got it! i tweeted it! good use of my first tweet!! :)
@jennifer - that first kiss and the alternaprom speech are also my top faves. along with the scene in the elevator when logan was babysitting that girl and veronica shares a ride up with them? there was also something that was nagging at me when i rewatched the series. a potential discrepancy in plot, but i don't recall atm...i guess it could'n't have been that big a deal.
two hours are better than 1!
@sylwia i'm in krakow, poland! so we have to stay up until 5 am!
the minute-by-minute countdown has begun!!!
" torn between logan and v's first kiss after he rescued her from jtt (member him?) and the our love is epic speech at alterna-prom." good choices. i only wished that veronica actually did kiss logan at alterna-prom even if she immediately ran out after that
ok i 'm sorry another question.. again i'm a $50 pledger and want to be a $175 pledger and i know i go to manage your pledge and change it but it says $50 and so my question is do i change it to $175 or $125 with $50 i alredy put in?  sorry i don't understand. please help so for me thanks marshmallows
joining the comment party for the final countdown! so excited :d
if anybody wants to let go of their l.a. movie premiere level, i will pick it up.
@jesca, i meant 2 hours, that's what i get for not proof reading
here it's 3 am in the morning and i'm still waiting for 90909 :) you're amazing  guys: cast, crew but the most you - fans :*
@ a m i follow/like backers for the veronica mars movie-kickstarter
do it, helena, do it!!  it'd be totally worth it!
2 hours to go, not 1
@helena do it, you are totally justified
ok- so we talked favorite characters.  how about favorite moment.  torn between logan and v's first kiss after he rescued her from jtt (member him?) and the our love is epic speech at alterna-prom. (the space elevator scene with butters right before also never fails to crack me up!)  ooooh bring but butters! his dad is the principal now.
2 hours. @helena
tina: 117 minutes.
kyle gallner is actually the reason i started the show and heard of it. i was a huge fan of his. and tried buying a bunch of his movies and tv shows he guest stared in!!
woah. minutes to go! and a 90210 pic? very cool! didn't even think of that. thanks for sharing!
@ a m are you referring to the veronica mars movie page? it's the one that said page by rob thomas.
@emily wasserman - i totally agree!
i find the $5000 theater level annoying. i think it would sound so much better if it was for a backer to choose where the movie screens in addition to the limited release in presumably ny/la. a full theater, too, not 50 'friends'.
we need someone with 09er funds to pick up that last private screening. it's like a crime to let that go unclaimed!!
oh my gosh! minutes!
@helene more like 2 hours...
i love the minutes.!!!
@stephanie...you won't be sticking around here? :(
1 hour to go, and i kinda want to stay up until the project is funded... i can stay up until 4am, right? :')
@elizabeth share elizabeth, share :)
i have tweeted 90210 for anyone who wants it...i am be.free.jessie on twitter
90210 pic for whoever asked http://imgur.com/hc4lhpy
the clock has switched to minutes!!!!
@jennifer - hah, guess the 09'ers think they are too good for 90210 and skipped right over the town
thanking my lovely husband, jason, for letting me get the poster.  and marathon watching the seasons with me.  anyone else have a spouse that supports their love habit?
118 minutes....  690 to go...
yeah...felt bad for beaver (cassidy). but he did some really. really. rotten things. i felt worse for dick. and that scene in the hotel when he asks logan if he did anything to stop his brother from jumping. and that look on logan's face?
690 to go  in an hour....can we do it?
@emily: i agree, about beaver. kyle gallner was a great beaver, and i remember the first time i ever watched season 2, i was all fired up about the stuff going on in the finale! :)
print of the 90,210 - http://img138.imageshack.us/img138/7931/90210f.jpg
did anybody else see kristen in movie 43?
@steven let me echo that tsk.
90210 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
@jesca i actually got it. i borrowed my boyfriends laptop. lol thank you though!
@elizabeth, how did you manage that. it totally skipped for me
got it.
only 1 hour left! omg i really hope we make it to 90909! love
i check this site more than my facebook... when this is over in 2 hours ill miss the camaraderie. le sigh*
so close to the end now :o
90210 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
got 90210!! perfect! so excited about all this!!
@shelley yea, right we do...@ginger that is where i'll be on facebook i hope we all follow there.
it skipped 90210 - i was going to try and get the pic!
@carly i got it...i could email it to you?
i just created another account just to up that backer! this is the best thing ever!
@tina - if there is a little grey box next to the pledge level that says "all gone" you won't be able to claim those rewards as there is only a limited number and they have all been claimed. where there is limited rewards there will be a yellow highlight in the number. if you do manage to see what you want click the blue manage pledge button and then make sure you click the reward you want and lso update your dollar amount to match before you hit submit. i suspect you'll be extremely lucky to get any limited rewards though :)
no 90210
an echolls family christmas is hands down my favorite.
@jennifer - beaver/cassidy was such a heartbreaking character.  you rooted for him and then...  the part was both written and acted so well too.  principal clemmons was a curmudgeonly darling.  but, at the end of the day, i would make snickerdoodles for wallace every day - the most loyal, awesome friend any sassy sleuth could ever hope for.
112 potential logan inspiring messages still open?  tsk.
every expectation met and more... wow marshmallows... we are awesome!!
$27,947 raised in the last hour! not too much longer to go! eek!
@pinky aka adam... excellent.
i am so excited that this is actually happening. i've been waiting, as i know that most of you have, for this day to come. it will be one exciting year. the vm community is so amazing, and i'm blessed to be on this journey with all of you :)
@christy via.me is a picture sharing site/app so you can share pics on twitter.  it's okay... they are sharing pics from the austin party.
does anyone have a favorite episode and/or plot?
it's 2am i dont think i can do it...
ohh i was surprised to see paris hilton
@tina - well i don't know about others but i am going to do what i do every night, try to take over the world.
@carole a, yeah, i could never tell if my utter indifference to duncan was because he was supposedly drugged up on anti-anxiety meds/his "blackout" meds, or if teddy dunn was just kind of affectless as an actor.  he was the only one whose line readings routinely read as clunky to me....but then, maybe he was just so brilliant of an actor, i wasn't catching his drugged-out nuances?  the scene when he told her he slept with her even though he knew she was is sister (squick!) was pretty good...other than that, though...
there are 2 on facebook.  which is the one to follow?
it's so exciting to see the fan support and comments that show people sharing the same enthusiasm that i feel for this project. i kept checking in during the day at work and was able to capture the backer count when it was an exact tie with the previous record!  yup, i am scrapbooking that!!!  :)
@tina watch da vinci's demons!
@ tina sleep and after that head on over to facebook and follow it there?
@tina sleep lol
@tina we'll need a support group or something to get us through until the movie!
sure @christy: friendly warning fellow marshmallows - don't click on any links that seem suspicious. sincerely, @thesanakhanshow (fellow vm backer)
@meredith nice!
another question?  what are we all going to do doing after these 2 hours are up?
2 hours 3 minutes left
@jason my friend just took it, so thrilled she gets to go to a premiere!
@ tina, simply click manage your pledge, input your new pledge amount, select your new reward tier, and submit!
corny was always my favorite high schooler outside of the main core group.
@tina    totally easy.  just click manage your pledge, change the pledge amount, and make sure to change your reward as well!
someone screen 90210 please!!
@carole - me neither
i will always maintain that p hilton is the only reason this show is not absolutely perfect.  (i forgave that casting choice after imagining that as a new show the dub gave him no choice!)
can we get a warning not to click on some of these links people are posting? there are the safe ones like facebook and twitter, but these ending in .html and .php and that via.me link seem shady. would hate to see someone get a virtual trip to the dentist and get a virus clicking on them
what about the lawyer? what was his name? i really liked the scenes he was in. there weren't many, but he was a good character. i hope he's in the movie.
just upped my pledge to my highest $.
@tina just go to manage your pledge and change it. not hard at all :d
oh yeah, and leo. he was so endearing...when i started seeing new girl stuff, i got all excited - "deputy leo!!"  i was bummed he was a fall guy, but i think his mind moved too slowly for our v.
@james welcome to mars addiction....it's a support group (though i'll admit that house of cards is worse)
someone snag that hometown showing!
@phil i'm pretty sure the theater level does not include any cast or execs.
less than 760 needed!
dick was great and added something to the show as well... let's not forget about mac!  see... all so good!!
piz was adorable. don't get me wrong: logan and veronica are epic, but it was sooo cute the way he went all in! i hope he's found someone in the movie (other than veronica)
@samaya  agreed!  wish i knew 100 people in utah who want to watch the vm movie with me!
@laurie wow even earlier than i thought, i watched so many episodes that day they all just blurred into one :)
@lauren it's because there are so many people required to be there.. cast, crew, execs, etc.
@jennifer lmao that's too funny. as i was yelling "i love dick" in my head it occurred right away. no matter how i tried to reword it, it didn't sound any better. so "i love dick" is my final answer lol
am i the only one that never really took a shine to duncan?  not sure if it was the character or teddy dunn choices as an actor. maybe both.
lmfao dick lover package...that would've been awesome
they were all such great characters thanks to rob's writing and the actors that portrayed them!  all characters really held their own and had an interesting part in the show that i was vested in.
paris shows up in episode number 2 actually (or 1 if you don't count the pilot)...it was just on soapnet this afternoon
need to ask question...i'm a $50 pledger and i would like to maybe go to $175 pledger. add on and get the package of $175. how do i do this?  is it easy?
everyone: can you tweet rob thomas at @robthomas and ask him why the $5000 theater level is restricted to 50 people, please? most theaters have a larger capacity.
so  close!!!!!
leo is my fav outside of love.  i love him on new girl now.  schmiddy!
90142...3000+ over the previous record!
ooooo keith, of course keith!!! love that character and the show would have been nothing without him... i am tired, forgive me! lol :)
anybody else remember paris hilton in like episode 5 or something? total bitch in it but was so shocked to see her in the show when rewatching it :p
@ jennifer i am cracking up about the "dick lovers package"
if it ends at 90909, i'm buying a lotto ticket
@phil - keith was a favorite of mine too! "who's your daddy?"
dang it!  this is the second time i got an error trying to purchase tickets for the l.a. premier.  i'm totally bummed :(
wish i was in austin!!
@pacey he's going to be part of a polygamous marriage with lilly kane and meg manning.
@jennifer that made me laugh out loud! awesome!
thanks @jesca! could someone possible screen shot it im on my phone
i'm so excited, y'all! i can barely stand it!!!
@jennifer, lilly
@ jennifer t  lol
i love veronica and logan, of course, but i always thought there might have been something to happen between weevil and veronica
i know right.  i could have made the list much longer but then it would have gotten silly.
@jennifer hahaha i was a fan of that character as well :d
keith mars you blasphemers!!!
50 people living in the same city could totally split that 5000$ rewards... i hate seeing it go to waste!
everyone seen the freebie getting handed out in austin? mars investigation cozies - http://via.me/-bb0ovm8
@ carly awesome idea!
oh yea cliff is pretty god damm awesome actually. such an awesome voice lawl. "i'm your i cannot afford an attorney.... attorney"
weevil.  who the heck is weezil????  :-)  sorry, typo.  and yes love cliff too.  this is so cool, so excited at the success this has been.
@jennifer i love veronica and logan of course, but also piz :)
vinnie
@elysia  it's ok, earlier in a different post i was asking for more actor perks and ended up asking for a dick lover's package.  i hit send before i heard it in my head!
vinnie, weevil, and wallace... all so good!!! i guess i would put weevil at the top of that though!  sheriff lamb was a great character too!!
@cassandra, it's impossible to pick just one of vmars characters..
wallace!!!
austin is gone....
@pacey maybe they will incorporate a "flashback" we haven't seen that is pertinent to the new storyline... one can hope!
mack
@paceyt a newly filmed "flashback" that includes sheriff lamb...
weevil
@jennifer i love keith and mac and vinnie. and no i couldn't just pick one ;)
do you love being a marshmallow? do you live in the ny area? come to our super awesome meeting of the marshmallows! https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: @vmarshmallowftw
amanda seyfried anybody? "there's dead-dead, and then there's tv-dead"
vinnie and cliff!!!
thanks @jesca! i was taking a nap and i woke up to all of you being awesome and keeping that counter alive!
@ jennifer tyler dick! i always found him morbidly fascinating. his behavior was atrocious, but so very funny.
guys someone should get a screen cap of 90210 since rob also devoloped that!!!!!
@jennifer mac (cindy) she is awesome imo ! :)
@pacey it's imdb. don't trust anything it says. user edited.
90k+ omgosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i don't know what to do with my excitement!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2hours left!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
weevil definitely
you can't trust anything on imdb.  anyone can put anything there.
backup!
beating all these goals will definitely help up with netflix...
it will be cool to see robs reactions and what went on in the austin bars tonight on the extras for the movie.  :)
weevil
aaaaah hurry up and get to 90909, i want at least 4 hrs sleep!!!! :p
don lamb is rumored to be in the movie on the imdb casting page....how exactly is that gonna work?
@jennifer i love dick. oh wait. lol not how i meant it but either way its true lmao
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
@jennifer hands down cliff! such a cool guy :)
@lauren get 48 other people to send me $100 via amazon payments right this second and sure. also, it gets to be here, not at your place.
welcome back lais!!
@jennifer, always loved weezil and vinnie van lowe.  both are giant characters with so much personality.
@jennifer - i love cliff!  i hope he makes the budget for the movie...
@jennifer weevil.
wallace!
this fandom is so awesome, it's like whenever they set a goal for us we're just going to even better than what was asked!
since we are all fans, i have a fangirl question- outside of veronica or logan, who is everybody's favorite character?
so happy to be a part of this! this is awesome!!
@julia do you want to buy the theater level for $5,000?
i'm going to try straight off my ipad since that's what i'm glued to right now. hopefully one of us will get it.
this is awesome!

@marilia that's the hope. i'm just sooo happy with today's results...
ooh, almost there! i'm having so much fun!
2 hours 15 minutes
i just hope when the time comes new backers are going slow so we can catch it ;) my counter jumps two to four at a time so i'm thinking chances are slim for me.
ticket left in austin now.
@phil - as long as a bunch of us try it, someone will get it right. :)
wow this is cool!! we've reached 90,080 woot woot !! you go marshmallows
sooo jealous, i want a mars investigations koozie
@julia yeah thats what i have been doing and works great
guys, if we hit $ 5,715,000, that'll means that 4 million will go to the movie. 5,715,000 - 30% = 4,000,500. it's very difficult, but if someone grabs the big rewards...
nice. i am impressed
nice pacey... way to ghetto it up in style!!
this is amazing!!  wow.  we should all be so proud of this project, and so grateful for rob and kristen and their trust in us that we could deliver. yay marshmallows!!
wow, i went from being a vm virgin to a being a fan to seeing this amazing, record-breaking show of fan support in less than a month.  way to go, guys!
@julia didn't know that worked, thanks :)
for ghetto print screening, hold phone cam up to laptop
@james since speed is of the essence in this case, just do cmd+shift+3. it'll take a cap of your whole screen.
ginger, i agree.
@christi - yeah you def get to see it
command + shift + 3= print screen on mac
@marilia i'm old... the "new" way to do it came out a long time ago.. lol
for mac print screening: cmd + shift + 4: click and drag over the area you want to shoot :)
@phil - alt + prt sc  too... in some computers, the print screen doesn't need to be pressed with any other button... :)
@ geoff thanks..if i catch it ill post :)
www.veronicabars.com
@christine that's a great idea!  any fellow marshmallows in denver, co want to get together and celebrate/vm marathon?
i would like a t-shirt with the picture of jason wearing the t-shirt
@carly also... i was posting as veronica mars, as i hold the email address vmarsisnotamarshmello (as the proper spelling was already taken d: )
anybody wanna give up a ny premiere? im in ontario canada and trying to convince hubby for the la ut its one hell of a drive. so is ny but i may be able to convince him of that one
imgurl is a good way to upload the screenshots to the web for all to see!
874 needed. sooooo close
still almost 2 1/2 hours, less than 900  more backers to become '09ers!
i think that the last hour should have more logan's lover packages!! :)
@phil it depends on the computer. for my computer, you have to hit function (fn) and print screen.
would love one of the tshirts to look like the sticker that says i saved veronica mars on kickstarter.
is rob really going to pull the plug at 90,909?  i get why that is a cool idea, but what about getting the most amount of money that we can for the movie as well as backers?
@jesca create an account here http://imgur.com// and make any images publicly viewable
hmmm, well la is gone but now austin has opened up.
do you actually get to see the movie at the 750 level or is it just a red carpet event?
super excited! can't believe how much love is here. 90909! come on!
@carole i got 90009...but i wouldnt know how to share it
@christine - oh you started that handle @nymarshmallows? simply brilliant! thanks for taking the lead! looking forward to meeting you in person!
thanks jennifer
90009 hah, hey that's an '09 from ca
http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/03/13/veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter-speaking-role/
@jesca upload it to something like imgur.com
anyone else get a screen grab of 90,909? i'm such a geek
review for folks waiting for 90909 when you see it press shift and print screen... then open paint, past from the clip board and let everyone see!!!
i will be able to frame grab it from there!
@james no, b/c your tweets are protected
wooo, less than 1000 to go!
thank you @robyn goldman  i think it would make most sense to go on videos of other shows on upn  or soapnet or wb that way you have a better chance of finding someone who has heard of the show and willing to help since it was on those channels
video capturing the last 2 hours!!!
https://twitter.com/jamesclitry/status/322870906621931520 90k screenshot, can you guys see this?
if anyone else needs to back out of high level rewards is it possible to do it asap so they can be snatched up by other fans? no judgement here, just trying to make it a happy veronica mars day for all!
if only it was ny premiere tickets i would have nabbed it and made it into a holiday. but la is a bit more of a trek to get to from the uk lol
time to beat the o niners!
ok so took a screen shot of 90,000 how would i post it here to share, in case i get 90909??
thanks michael
what is the signature drink for neptune california - want to make sure i toast the closing with the right cocktail
wow that jumped to 90k very suddenly
90,000 backers!!!!!!
900 to go!
90,000 get the screen grab ready!
do you love being a marshmallow?  do you live in the ny area?  come to our super awesome meeting of the marshmallows! https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: vmarshmallowftw
909!!!! almost there!
90,000 wow!!
@tabetha - hahaha. thats how feel! our own online party. omg - 90,000. hope someone can capture the screen at that precise moment!!! 90909!!!
we've hit 90k omg that's such an amazing accomplishment!!!
http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/03/13/veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter-speaking-role/
90000 woooo!!!
90k falls :d 90909 is next
90k screened, tweeting @robthomas now!
ok... now we've hit 90,000 backers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone have austin premiere tickets they want to trade for la?
...and 90k!!!!!
909 to go!!!!!!
i guess we are all having our own little online party for vm right now! ;)
@julia thank you! i have been wondering that for a while! makes sense! i didnt even think about people with failed cards! gah thats scary!
i don't drink beer, but i want that beer koozie that is posted for the austin party right now!!!
@carly brilliant idea! i was just posting on vmars videos earlier!
christine cahill 3 minutes ago https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: vmarshmallowftw it will be an informal gathering. i am co-planning but unfortunately i can't volunteer to plan the whole thing myself. all info will be updated on both twitter and facebook.
come on, someone has to want those premiere tickets...
what we could be pround of is that if we deduce the goods costs + packing (which in my understanding represents less than a third of the total amont), rob will still have 4 million at his disposal. two time the 2m goal, almost 3 times the original goal without the goods + packaging costs :-) pround to be a marshmallow.
@brandi for those in the ny area that weren't able to procure tickets. someone had the bright idea of having a meetup, get together. a few people here are planning it. if you're interested there's a twitter handle you can follow for updates. #nymarshmallows.
everyone should watch random youtube videos and post this url and its purpose...there has to be some random people wanted to be part of all the fun but do not even know about the project! lol. idk we need more backers! this is sooo addictive!
if it actually comes close to 90909 - someone better be ready and fast for the screengrab
@everyone - rob  will not be able to stop project at 90909 backers, it's not possible under kickstarter rules and nothing he can do about it, so your backer numbers are going to shoot past 90909 - so keep watching live....
somebody screenshot and post it here when it reaches 90,909 backers. i want to share the moment with as many fellow vm fans as i can ;)
@carly they will put the charges through when the kickstarter is over, but if someone has an invalid credit card (expired, not enough space, etc.) it can result in someone backing out. kickstarter will attempt to get the person to fix their credit card issues, but after i think 8 days, they give up and consider the person to not be a backer and inform the project not to deliver rewards to them.
these pics are killing me.  i wish i was in austin right now!  http://austinscalendar.com/veronicabars/veronicabars.html
this is totally happening.. only 944 more backers needed. wonder what the final number will be
brandi i think the twitter for it is #nymarshmallows
such an awesome way to spend a friday night, surrounded by fellow marshmallows!
along time ago we used to be friends
link to that ew article?
@michael - start calling all your friends, and tweeting and asking people where they live. :)
@ brandi - if you scroll down a bit, christine just posted something.  i think they are going to get together on premier night to hang out as a group.
less than 1000 then i can go to sleep :)
i can't believe no one is scooping up the hometown private screening!  i keep mentioning it because i want it but can't afford it!  remove my temptation!!! :)
@laurie yeah, it kept me away from the austin party tonight! stupid migraines!
ew.com interviewd the guy who pledged the 10,000 and he said that he wasnt a big fan, that he just wanted to helped.
@pacey ...we used to be friends sing along time!
refreshing the screen has become a compulsion lol. can someone clue me in on this ny marshmallow thing?
congrats to every marshmallow out there!!! all hail the veronica mars team!!!
90k should fall in next 5-7 mins at the pace its going now
this is crazy. so glad i got the sdcc level. watching this at work, my boss be damned.
question! they take the money from us in 2 hours correct? so people can not back out after that right?
please if someone see 90909..take a screenshot, save it and post it here so we can all have it...:)
i love watching these numbers go up!  completely mesmerizing!!!
we used to be friends
i think 90909 is going to be a reality ... amazing!!
along time ago
so close. i keep posting but i cant take my eyes off of this.
@christy - can he do that? it would be cool. idk how it works.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: vmarshmallowftw it will be an informal gathering. i am co-planning but unfortunately i can't volunteer to plan the whole thing myself. all info will be updated on both twitter and facebook.
eating marshmallows while watching the ticker :)
unless there's a crazy surge in the last minutes, $6 mil is not happening. but i think we can still make $5.7!
la premiere tix available!
@melissa - enjoy the moment, kickstarter will not get the payments wrong :-)
90,000 marshmallows will fall.
we can do it!!!!
@melissa unlikely, 2.7 maybe though:d
@robyn haha, i posted that before yours showed up on my screen :) i know migraines well, feel better!
@melissa i wonder that too.
apparently someone dropped the 3k level pledge, it has since been scooped up by another lucky soul!
i wonder if we can do 6 million...
@christy - i think he said it would be cool if it could. but kickstarter doesn't have a way of stopping it, so it'll keep going til the deadline! we might even pass 90909.
tanya what prize level was dropped?
@laurie see my previous comment.
$750 pledge la red carpet opened up....
@robyn that's funny. when i read your post. i clicked refresh like 100 times in a second. why isnt it working!?! haha
we just need 999 backers :-)
we were so close to booking a trip to california for around comic con instead we booked for two weeks earlier. :( if only this had happened two months earlier.
i'm turning into the cheerleader lol...lets so marshmallows lets go! :d
1000 to go!!!!
i only see 89,908 robyn....
c'mon now sugar bring it on bring it on yeah! in the last 1000!
@beatriz rob said in his twitter that they're going to stop it at 90909, at least thats what hes insinuating
my bad... i jumped the gun. must be the migraine meds. sorry!
@robyn well, for a smaller project, pulling out at the last minute could mean not getting funded.
i jut tweeted rob and kristen about the opened up extra level, hope they'll  see it and retweet it so someone else will grab it in time, would be a shame if not...
90,000 backers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@thesanakhanshow -- hey, i'm a little out of the loop here. whats this ny marshmallow thing i'm hearing about?
we're totally going to pass 90k.
la premiere tickets now open
@maya even if you don't live in a supported country for the rewards there are plenty of services like bundlebox which give you a us postal address and will then forward anything sent to that address to you. you do have to pay a fee for each package sent but if you want the rewards then its better than nothing
people are so helpful about all the technical amazon payment stuff! thank you, guys! didn't mean to start a frenzy! :)
guys... you realize that we are going to sail through 90,909 backers, right? we're not going to stop, and we'll probably end up 82k or somenthing. just saying.
thank you to whoever took that extras package.
so close i can taste it!
@pacey good news is, those pledges don't cost anything to the project (meaning they didn't create something or produce something that will not be claimed.)
thank goodness the $3k level is gone.
great idea for a new sticker! lets do this! + we did it with the final backer number!
things do happen in people's lives at the last minute, not saying that is the case here, but none of us know why the person who had the high pledge dropped it.  just sayin', show the love, and let's hope that whomever dropped it did so for good reasons.
@julia - you are 100% right you do not need to cancel authorisations at amazon payments, you will only be charged by kickstarter for whatever your last pledge amount is - that's based on 50+ payments made to date. think the nervousness is simply that for many people this is their 1st project....  :-)
yeah id think larger pledges would be bad strategy for smaller scale projects, some ahole can just back out last minute
anyone else noticed that kickstarter states this project to be 281% funded? :)
https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/ https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850
1033 lets do this
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: vmarshmallowftw it will be an informal gathering.  i am co-planning but unfortunately i can't volunteer to plan the whole thing myself. all info will be updated on both twitter and facebook.
ok, great. thank you so much julia! i owe you big time! no apology necessary, i totally get it! :)
wow, i didn't check for several hours (mainly due to sleepning) and i am shocked how high the backers and pledges are :) so happy!!!
@ melissa - yes!
@melissa yes, just leave it alone. and, sorry, it's not you. it's just that someone got worried and started freaking everyone out and there's no way to contain the freak out. kickstarter has been doing this for a while and they know what they are doing.
my last post was for you james
http://www.marsinvestigations.net/index.php
totally mad right now!  i would of got pick the extra in the movie 3 weeks ago! but now i have already planned my vacation to denver!  if you cant afford it 3 hours from when it ends you probably could not afford it when you signed up in the first place!!!!
http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
ok julia. thanks so much! so should just leave it alone, then?  i'm sincerely sorry to keep bothering everyone!
welcome to the fun emma.
that was going on in one of my other projects were someone had pledge one of the top tier pledges just to mess with the band. they were planning in dropping out at the last minute.  luckly they were able to fix it.
welcome emma!
anyone have the link that shows how much money was raised per day and the projected amount to be raised?  btw  this is amazing, thanks rob,kristen and all the gang. hope you are all in. we are!
@melissa you will only be charged what you pledge. authorizations are not charges. even if they are "active."
i've been following this project since day one and i finally became a backer too. realized that i would regret it if i didn't.
ok guys, here's the deal. my amazon account has two payment authorizations. i cancelled one this morning, (one was still active) and the ks site sent me an email, prompting me to confirm a pledge, if i still wanted to be a backer. the link they sent me had me confirm a second $15 pledge, which now shows in my amazon payment authorization account. if i cancel one of these duplicate pledges, (i only want to donate $15 once) i will still count as a backer, and ks/the vm project will still accept my money, yes?  sorry for the length, and repetitiveness, i just wanna get this figured out once and for all. thanks for putting up with me!
@a m, thanks.
@christerjay - yes! :)
yay gabriel!
@ gabriel hi and welcome
@christerjay    yes
just 1000 to go!
looks like a low-key shindig in austin  http://austinscalendar.com/veronicabars/veronicabars.html
new plan. someone had the brilliance to create the following twitter handle: @nymarshmallows (and they'll lead the charge) you can still use the # (#nymarshmallows), but look to their feed for details on our informal gathering in ny. viva veronica mars!!! it's been a blast! nice meeting you all! - sana
@ am this ks project has inspired her so much.  she's working on setting up her own campaign over next week's school vacay.  i'm so proud!
waking up to 89, 809 backers is amazing!
@ andrew hi from minnesota
@gabriel welcome!
so excited about this. really wanted a logan package but wasnt able to get one. so i up the pledge so  that i could get both shirts.
hello andrew!
just to be sure... is $25 the minimum pledge level in order to add $25 ($50 total) for 2 t-shirts?
omg, just backed! i'm so happy and excited! :) greeting from brasil!!!!
as of right now, if 30% is really going towards the incentives, then we have a $3.9 million budget for the movie itself!
home stretch, everyone! just woke up (it's 8am here) and i'm so happy to see we're about to break the 90000 backer mark! veronica mars fans are the best!!!
i want to go to sleep, got a hospital appointment tomorrow, but i cant tear myself away. also felt like finally commenting. hi all.
i understand shopper's remorse and financial situation changes, believe me, but at least have the consideration to give up the high $$$ levels earlier than 3 hours before end time. if someone else was hoping to pledge that level and doesn't know it is now open, 3 hours may not be enough time for them to notice and that money won't go to the vm movie. and well, if it wasn't shopper's remorse and you got some thrill for pledging 3k only to drop it at the last minute....fuck you.
@jennifer   best way to spend your time!
just under 3 hours left! c'mon marshmallows, let's keep this thing rolling!! oh how i wish i'd had $750 to blow when that nyc premiere was open a few mins ago.
starting s1 with my 15-yr old. so far, i'm thinking he gives his thumbs up to the veronica & wallace friendship and veronica & keith father/daughter dynamic. :-)
...and now its gone...wow!
i wish a ny after party would open up.  then i have the best vmars day ever! (well, i still am.  i'm cuddled up with my 9 yr old daughter watching wreck it ralph with 15 of her favorite stuffed animals.) and yes, she's checking the numbers with me!
its just after 5 on the westcoast, so hopefully people getting off work will have a chance to get a pledge in.
@ a m so do i
okay i'm going to finish watching the episode of homeland i was watching before my computer called me.. i'll be back to check the backers..
kept hoping they'd find a way to make the t-shirts available to us non-europeans at the last minute... oh well, it is still a great day (month)
are people backing out?!  packages are opening up!
almost there guys!! i won't go to sleep till i see the 90909 backers!! keep it going marshmallows
thanks fellow marshmellows.  that fix was so simple.     friends in austin.....have a great time tonight!!!!
i have been steadily watching the re-runs on soapnet every day, & they restarted all over again today with the pilot episode, & you know what, i watched it again like it was the first time.  this movie has been long over due.  i just want to say thank you rob thomas, kristen bell & the rest of the cast  & crew for some quality acting & writing.  hugs all around! =d
i sooooooo wish i had an extra $3000 lying around.
ok - so for anyone in ny that won't be going to the official nyc premiere and/or after party (and congrats to those that are - i am so super jealous right now), #nymarshmallows will be organizing an informal one. i'm new to twitter though @thesanakhanshow and apparently #'s show up in search if they are used often. so - if you're in ny or game to meetup for an informal whatever at a local bar to talk all things vm (either right before the movie comes out or after the ks ends or both), use #nymarshmallows for updates and i'll get the word out through @thesanakhanshow once we've established a date/place/time. 2 hours to go - 90909 - here we come!
1158 needed
the time is 2:09 here. but i will not go to sleep, i want to see the end of this ! it's saturday 2moz anyway. its not like i need to get up for anything lol
@marlena yes happy veronica mars day!! great idea jennifer
@nazia christine cahill 10 minutes ago https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username: vmarshmallowftw
@daphne, exactly...
$750 ny pledge open...
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ ^  group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows: @nymarshmallows  #nymarshmallows my username: vmarshmallowftw
so wanna see the final backer and pledge count, but it's 1am here and unfortunately sleep matters. hope we reach at least $5.7 million and...95k backers? maybe. keep pledging marshmallows, you're all awesome. :)
3 long hours left...
upped my pledge. contemplated about it, and i really wanted both shirts :)
less then 300 to 90,000. i know it can be done.  !!
@mansah it's past 2am for me too.. what is sleep anyway..
now one nyc and one 2 background extras have opened up. people are backing out at the 11th hour.
1200!!!!!!!!!!!
and before someone says it, i know they can still buy the movie later, but yall know what i mean.
for those of you who have tracked other kickstarters, is there always this much confusion about amazon? it seems pretty simple to me, so maybe it was just one person getting confused that set off a spiral of people freaking out.
omg!! i am so excited for this movie!  and i am so excited to be coming to ny for the premiere from london!  i cant believe we made this happen!  would love to meet up with any marshmallows for an afterparty.  be cool, soda pop. 90909!!!
@ shirley, you need to "manage your pledge" on the kickstarter page and select the $50 reward. be sure to change the reward you want to the $50 one, because it doesn't happen automatically. and also be sure that the amount you can see on the kickstarter page that your donating is $50, and not $35.
@jennifer - sounds good and reasonable to me. i second that motion by the powers invested in me also by no one (busy person this no one). happy veronica mars day, everyone!
sucks for ms/mr backer #90,910. no vmars memorabilia for you!
2 hours. 387000. bring it on!!!!!
@daphne, me too! it's past 2am here but everytime i try to close my eyes i just need to refresh one more time....
@shirley you need to manage your pledge and change the amount from 35 to 50
shirley, click on manage your pledge, then see how do i change my reward selection? to change your reward, make a new selection on this page. note that changing your reward selection does not automatically change your pledge amount.
i just declared today veronica mars day by the power invested in me by no one- but emboldened by the fact that i'm a proud marshmellow and we got this done! happy vmars day!
@shirley under manage your pledge scroll down and pick the better item
@ daphne  for the same reason i am, we just can't leave. lol
90,909 is doable, but not guaranteed.
@ shirley did you up your pledge and your reward tier? those aren't automatically linked.
@shirley you may have just forgotten to select the $50 tier. just go into manage your pledge and select it.
@ shirley - you just need to manage your pledge and choose the 50 reward option.  it will not do it for you automatically.  :)
the countdown ends at 11 pm eastern time not midnight.
for some reason i'm staying awake to see what the amount of backers will be in the end.. i need my sleep.. why am i doing this? lol
in a normal situation, you will only receive two emails from amazon, once when you pledge and once when the payment goes through after the project ends. everytime you change your pledge and need to get a new authorisation from amazon, you will receive another email. if you are getting multiple unexpectedly i suggest you check them.
can someone answer this question.   upped my pledge from $35 to $50 via amazon.  got an email from kickstarter acknowledging the total $50 pledge.  but on the kickstarter page it still shows me at the $35 pledge level.   and that email i mentioned above does not say i get the dvd.    should i delete the whole thing and just do another pledge for $50?
90909 baby... it's coming!
90909 would be so sick
wow i didn't think we would get so close to the new goal. its gonna be a nail biter
technically 2 hours 57 minutes: http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
the total amount pledged in the last two hours was $51,117. hoping to see an explosion of pledges in the next 2 hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1264 backers until 90909!
whats the new record we are now aiming for?
@carly actually it's 2 hours and 50 something minutes.
2 hours 58 minutes
they better not use a stamp signature!
@ christine i just request to join- jennifer bartlett-tyler (same ommpa loompa pic)
@carly actually, officially 3 hours.
@aimee - i totally agree. it is almost as though some people wanted it so badly they blocked it in the hope that tey would somehow be able to afford it but then reality set in. i hope the other people who realy do want it and can afford it get their chance this late in the game  :(
@carly actually, officially 3 hours.
officially 2 hours ahhhh lets go guys
@melissa remember the scene when logan is at the mayor's office and he sees a stamp that has the mayors signature... maybe not so sore hands... :p
if your current pledge amount is $15, then that is all you will be charged.  if you used multiple accounts or whatever, check your ks confirmations.  only those amounts will be charged.  the authorizations are just permission you give amazon to pay ks.  if you change your pledge, a new authorization is created.  ks initiates the payment, not amazon.  ks will only charge you once.
@ adam i wish i could say and do that!
thanks so much guys!!!! that put my mind at ease, i'm only gonna cancel my changed pledges (cancel the old amounts, leave the new ones). and no, of course i logged into my account and paid, i wouls never give out my info. thanks again, you guys are really nice!
melissa ramirez: i don't get why you keep receiving notifications. are you continuously changing your pledge?
well, off to my second job of the day. be away from the internet til i get back monday morning. great weekend all! so proud of what the marshmallows have accomplished! guess i'll see what the final 3 hours brought us on monday!
screw it upped my pledge to $210. this will be epic.
@wai-tin - cool!!
@michael i got confused because the party in austin ends at 11pm ct... oops!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/179044898918177/ group for ny marshmallows twitter for ny marshmallows:   @nymarshmallows #nymarshmallows my username:  vmarshmallowftw
@melissa you will only be charged what you pledge. but read the amazon emails. they could be asking you to verify information to make sure your charge goes through.
we know the answer to this. http://whatkickstarterprojecthasthemostbackers.com
@mari that's cool, i am going to the la premiere, but i'm not on facebook anymore..i am on instagram though if anyone is on there..
sorry 1300 to go! lol
1,300!! :)
@ a m thank you!!
sorry to be "that" person, but just to be clear...i pledged $15 to ks. this means i will not be charged more than $15 when my card is charged? cuz amazon keeps sending me email notifications...
wow the cast is going to have very sore hands after signing all those posters.
1400 to go!!!!!!!!!!
@ninutsa exactly this will movie will be a hit because of all of us here
while i know people's circumstances might have changed since they pledged kind of sucks that people that people who made the higher pledges are dropping out this late in the game when if they had earlier they'd have been more time for other fans to see some of whom may have wanted to up their pledge and grab their spot.
@ robyn, the campaign actually ends 11pm et, not midnight.
rochelle strzykalski: there seems to be some confusion because of the amazon authorisations info. if you have changed your pledge, there will be multiple authorisations on amazon. however these will not be charged. kickstarter isn't exactly new and despite having the record number of backers i'm not particularly sure we even have the most changes. in all the other cases, i've never heard of anyone being charged twice when they weren't supposed to. in other words, kickstarter are quite good at what they do. nevertheless, if anyone is really paranoid, they can remove the excess authorisations. there will be no harm provided they don't cancel the correct one. in your case, it will likely be difficult to work out which authorisations are for your pledge and which are for your friends so i recommend you do not cancel any pledges. everything should work out provided your account or card doesn't get tagged for suspicious activity/possible fraud and the transactions put on hold but if that happens you should have an opportunity to correct it with your bank or amazon. as i said, you should be able to trust kickstarter not to overcharge you but if you want, when all is said and done, you can see how many authorisations were charged and match them up to whoever pledged. one thing, when you say you let your friends use your amazon account, i presume you mean you personally logged on to a computer you trusted to your account to authorisw the payment. if you gave away your amazon account login details, i would change my password asap and then check all authorised and complete payments carefully if i were you. particlarly if you don't carefully check every email you receive about an amazon payment.
well my tier is still open so i am just going to redo it. no point in taking the chance that im going to get charged for about 600
@dede   you can see from pics from austin at http://austinscalendar.com/veronicabars/veronicabars.html
whoa, more rewards added. spread the news!
come on people!! 415 more in the next hour and we will be even that much closer!!
man, this really makes me believe in the power of the people. guys, this is mind blowing and even though i donated just a couple of dollars, still i feel like a part of such an amazing thing. watching the number go up by the second seriously makes ma happier than anything has for the last couple of weeks. this movie is going to be awesome no matter what because the people that are going to see it are also the ones that helped create it. ah, can not wait! you guys are all so freaking awesome, i will never underestimate the size of anyone's heart (or wallet) anymore. so exited!
i just got a response back from rob about an earlier question.  they are definitely not adding any more after-party packages. : ( but still super excited to be going to the movie!
http://i.imgur.com/hxrlmal.jpg 87142, remember when we were aiming for that? screen shot of the moment
somebody gave up their extra package...
@marci oh okay that's great. when it's set up. please post the link here! i'll join.
totally want more pictures from the get together in austin !!!!so jealous i can't be there!!
@mitchell  i feel your pain.  staying glued to this site, the mars investigations stats site, and rob's twitter are not helping me get my term paper done.
haha and they beat me to the idea
there's a $5000 pledge level open (private screening for you and 50 friends), a $3000 pledge level open (being two featured extras in the movie), 6 twitter follows left ($400 level), 115 outgoing voicemail messages from the cast ($350 level), 131 signed movie posters with bluray and all seasons on dvd ($275 level), and 250 signed movie posters ($200 level) still up for grabs! remember: the campaign ends at midnight est!
@christine sure, it's jenniferntyler@hotmail.com
can someone post that in the facebook group? what all the open pledges are?
@michel i'll set up a fb group for that too! plus we'll have the twitter tags
@melissa you rock!
wtg melissa r!!
@michael aaaahhh you suck i couldn't afford sdcc.. have fun man.
everyone notice that 250 more signed posters just opened up? and that a spot for 2 extras is still available?
@chelsea - sounds like a plan. i'm @tinkmars on twitter for when you're set up there.
just got my sister to back the project!! :)
this has been the least productive day of work ever. i spent most of today watching us pass 87k so excited, wish i wasnt a 1000 miles from the dog and duck tonight.
lamarshmallows facebook group*
anyone who's going to sdcc want to plan a meet up at some point? i'm gonna be at the con alone; it'd be sweet to connect with some of you! :)
@marci, i'll set up a lamarshmallows when i get to a computer. i'll also create a twitter account so i can actually follow people. and learn how to use hash tags. phone is essentially dead, will do it tonight!
i´m so happy about this project... greetings from germany :-)
@mari - we were looking at setting up a separate facebook page for those of us who don't have the after party and wanted to have our own get together afterward.
they sure did open up the limited items!!
@duke agreed. but if you want one badly enough :)
gotta say pretty damm impressed with the amount of fans/backers to this. good job marshmallows !
someone take the $3000 spot!
thanks @laurie, will pick one up, but thought it would be cool to get one through the official production!
@ ben yes, looks like 250 posters added
thanks @samatha :)
it looks like they added 250 to the $200 pledge.
@ben 250 $200s were added a few minutes ago.
guys for the la premiere there's already this fb group. https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarslapremiere/
totally up for planning this ny meet up. shanakhan i'm following you christine i just requested to follow you
ohh ok thanks @peter i wasn't sure :)
did they just add more limited items or something? it's saying there's alot more available now than there was a little while ago.
those menus will probably show up on ebay.
nope maya, it opened up about 5-10 mins ago :)
@tiger, sorry my brain is mush. i meant to say @michael. we had discussed going onto the top 10 campaigns and posting comments pleading with people to come donate here.
@elysia, the fact that they're both active doesn't matter... if you read the small print on the email you received from amazon and elsewhere it says you will only be charged to maximum pledged amount:)
any way you can have a live feed of the austin countdown?
sure jennifer, can you send me your email?  it might be easier to contact you that way.
someone just posted the menu for rob's vm countdown party in austin:  http://t.co/ler7xb9xxa
@elysia - you will only be charged for the most recent of the two when the campaign ends. no need to cancel anything.
@maya it just opened a few minutes ago
again, authorizations are not charges. you can authorize kickstarter to charge as many times as you want, but they will only charge you your pledge. freaking out about it is only causing more people to freak out about it.
sanakhan i am following you. i am also going to help plan the ny meeting  :)   my twitter username is  @vmarshmallowftw
ive changed my pledge a million times and those 2 are still there. that makes me think i am getting charged both
was the $3000 pledge always open??
@christine i don't know if you saw before when i responded.  i don't tweet, but i'd love to be involved in ny.  constantine and i were talking about this a few hours ago.  can you shoot me a message when you get some info going?
@robyn popular campaigns?  you mean things i already backed?  i don't even know if the comments are still active on those if that's what you mean.
i'm so excited about this!!!  i have always thought vm was the perfect show!!!
yes but they both say they are active
@chelsea - i have no idea how to set up a facebook page. probably not difficult, just never had a need for one before. how about we go with hashtags #sdccmarshmallows & #lamarshmallows? if you have a better thought, i'm good with other options. it's just becoming tough to follow questions & suggestions here, so a place to view that would be easier for all of us i think.  we could also set up a thread on neptune rising.
@a m @robyn hum i don't think there's gonna be another update before the end. i think rob is buzzy with the veronica bars thing. maybe after it's finished he will say something thanking us. idk.
there is nothing to worry about amazon! authorizations are not charges! you will only be charged what you pledged!
@tiger if you're there, have you gone back to those popular campaigns and posted another plea? it's been awhile since we last chatted. :d
@ruth, i'm in the same boat... pretty sure it will end up on the marts investigations site -easier to find than going through endless pages here... http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/
ok i too am panicking a little bit. i have two authorizations in amazon. one for 210 and one for 285. im really nervous about that and think i should cancel the other one. what do i do?
@ruth - rob just tweeted this: @robthomas: yeah, the more i think about it. 90909 backers. we just drop the microphone and walk off stage. #veronicamars (i'm thinking, you'll get your screen shot! hope it helps! - nymarshmallow, aka @thesanakhanshow)
a background extra slot just opened up!
i need vm friends on twitter.  come on now, you know you want to add me.  plus we're planning the ny meeting and you should plan it with us.  yay! >>    twitter.com/vmarshmallowftw
big favour marshmellows ! first i live in ireland, when i checked this morning there was 20 hrs left and 83,000 backers so as you can imagine, i've been practically glued to screen all day, but i'm back in work in 5 hrs and cant stay up for the final 3, could someone please take a screen shot and post it here when it goes to 90909, thanks
@lindsey - i thought the same thing, but the extra $25 is for the extra shirt, regardless of what level you are at (anything above $25)
@lindsey the way i understand it, you have to pledge an additional 25 to whatever package you want
@lindsey no! you have to pledge an extra $25 on top of whatever tier you choose ($25 and above) to get two shirts.
@lindsey. if you only want the $25 rewards and then an extra shirt you're fine. if you pledged the minimum for the tier you want, then you need to add another $25
i'll be interested to see what the counter does during the last hour...
@marci that's a fantastic idea! let's do it! i'm on a phone at the edge of battery death but keep it up and as soon as i have access to a computer i'll be adding/creating whatever i need to!
elizabeth flint, i as well watched the pilot and credit where credit's due. now, i'm watching like a virgin! any vm fans that want to follow me on twitter i'm @ahay04  maybe we can get a dc vm gathering together as laurie suggested!
if we pledge $50 or over, we automatically get both shirts, right? that my be a dumb question, just want to be sure...no way can i choose which i want (though i do wish for a mars investigation design like someone else mentioned! that'd be the winner for sure!).
@joshua you mean 3.5 :)
1500 to go!!!!!!!!!!
for any other marshmallows who'd like to follow me on twitter, i'm @tinkmars.  feel free to follow me and i'll gladly follow you back. can never have too many veronica mars friends. : )
@phil of course, of course. i just meant it as like, a "boosting of morale" statement. maybe should have made that clearer! :)  i believe in vm, and i believe in the power of marshmallows!!
89400! 2.5 hrs to go!
any guesses what the premieres will be like? will we actually be on the red carpet? or just behind the rope in the crowd
i'm @gabyguhu i followed a couple of marshmallows, anyone else?
so busy with the backers i didnt realise we passed the 5.6 mark!
@robyn with rob at the bar i think we've probably seen the last of them. he wanted to give the current backers fair warning for the other ones so i don't think he'd just add one last minute
i want the money to end at 6,121,961. lol
@mari - just followed you on twitter. i'm @tinkmars
ny meeting hashtag #nymarshmallows i'm @vmarshmallowftw
@robyn  right there with ya on that!
@melissa... well of course.... if we get the right backers, we could do a billion...it's about spreading the word.. being hopeful and believing in the product...
@samantha clark, yea i am but not in work until 11 is im not going anywhere yet :)
just tweeted this: @thesanakhanshow: guess i'm now helping to plan unofficial #nymarshmallows meetup to celebrate #veronicamarsmovie #cc @robthomas @veronicamars @imkristenbell (i'm game, if you're game. use #nymarshmallows for suggestions, and to help keep us organized!!! see you soon!)
@am i'm still kind of hoping that a last minute speaking role is offered or something else of equal largeness.
@phil, i know, me too! i want to nail that zip code! but 5,6, huzzah!
5.6 million!!!!!!!!! yay!
@rochelle- each transaction number on amazon has its own confirmation number, so each should be a separate transaction when the final charges go through.
@mari, followed
5.6!
lexi- lol i have seasons 1 &  2 on dvd. just caught the pilot earlier vm never ended for me lol.
@tina, when we were a second away from breaking the record, (87142) we were at 5,507,123 dollars. if you can remember the time we brokw the record... thats what i got :d
woooot!!!!!!!!! can we do $5.7?? with 3 hours to go? :)
wondering if there will be another update to this site before the deadline, or not until after...
oh yeah we still care about the money lol... i'm sooooo fixated on the 90909 backers!!!!
i waffled for a really long time, but i finally upped my pledge by $25 for the extra shirt. i regret nothing.
@ brianna i work tonight(cub) and sat, sun night then i get to toast a few to this wonderful weather.
so, i got a few friends to sign up as backers and then set up my amazon account to pay for them. and i'm reading all these things about how multiple amount changes (which i also did) and stuff like that would mess up your rewards or that maybe all of them would be charged cumulatively? so should i go in and put my own amount big enough to cover every amount (cause my sister is out of computer range on vacation, so her package is on my amazon payment too)? or will it be a bunch of separate transactions for each account?
awesome!!!
$5.6 million!!! woot!!!!!! i repeat, $5.6 million!!!!!!!
$5.6 million is here everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5.6!!! this is so awesome! im so glad im a part of this!
@chelsea i'm not from la either. so i guess i'm not that much help on that front. btw my twitter is @mari_guerra i'll follow back everyone that follows me. i need more vm fans on my feed.
5.6!
5.6 million here we come
@robyn @ julia  thanks for the help...i think i got it..go to manage your pledge and up the amount in the number $25 and they will know that i want the 2 t-shirt.
and $5.6 million!
$5.6m! :d
too bad rob didn't add a couple more speaking extra roles at $10k each, or a few for $5k that didn't have a line but included being able to eat lunch on set with cast & crew.  i think those would have raised the total.  i was hoping he'd add some last-minute incentives for larger donations, but no such luck.
so i looked at my email. don't cancel your stuff guys. whatever is pledged is what you will get charged. i pledged 275 and this is what the email said "the maximum authorized amount is the total amount you authorized to be charged to your payment method over the valid payment period. the total amount for all transactions cannot be greater than the maximum amount you authorized." so whatever amount is in your final email is what you get charged
tina, look here: http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
@tina approximately $2000
@ ginger no kidding, what happened to spring? probably the reason i am drinking right now, well that and its friday
@tina it's really a crap shoot... things just blow up or not at the end of a kickstarter.
@elizabeth flint - i have about 60 episodes dvr'd from soapnet and watch it live from time to time! and will pop the dvds in as well! cannot get enough of vm!
does anyone have the number that we raised in the last 3 hours? so we can have an idea what we can do in the next three hours? see if we can get close to $6m  can we?
i guess planning for the 'unofficial' nyc get-together is officially underway! cool! and it looks like we're agreed on using #nymarshmallows for our hashtag? i'm trying to keep up with all these comments. apologies in advance if i'm overlooking someone/something. not intentional. i'm @thesanakhanshow and recently graduated from nyu so i'm familiar with all the bars in the greenwich village area. but obviously there are ton of cool places in the city to meet up so once we've got a popular place/date/time, i say we run with it!
marci, i'd really be up for that (l.a.)
@tina keep your pledge at 50, but change your reward level to 25. or change your pledge to 75, and keep your reward level at 50.
@tina if you want both shirts, you need to add the amount of the second shirt, but not up your incentive level. hope that helps
@rhian, you are down in wales, right? im in manchester, and am in the same dilemma
@tina to get both shirts, just add $25 to whatever tier you want, as long as it's $25 and over.
maybe we should set up facebook pages or  hashtags to follow on twitter for those attending the la premiere w/o after party who want to get together afterward, and those attending the sdcc event. what do you all think?
is anyone here on twitter?
ny meeting hashtag #nymarshmallows i'm @vmarshmallowftw feel free to send a follow request.
@ julia do i stay at the 50 pledge for what i want or move it somewhere?
1,600!! i cant sleep until 90909, even if i do have work in the morning.
not being in austin kind of stinks... but i was able to up my pledge because i saved money on gas...
thank you thank you thank you @lisa!! i was devastated when i messed up my time zones and missed out on the logan lover's package (twice!)! but now i have one and i know it's because of you! thank you so much for thinking of other fans! you're awesome!!
we now have the attention of cnn...i heart us vm fans ever so! http://money.cnn.com/2013/04/12/technology/veronica-mars-movie/
almost 5.6! am i the only on who watches vm everyday on soapnet?
only 256 total limited items left...
@ brianna long and snowy
oh snap let's get ready for 5.6 mill!!
@samaya celebrating north of lake pontchartrain, so not quite in nola, but close.
@tina for $50, you need to select the $25 tier to get two shirts.
@beth thank you so much! i feel better i would be unbelievably disappointed if i wasn't a backer anymore. i couldn't imagine not being a part of this marshmallow family <3
@joshua, i know, so would i!
one might say i am totally vmars-ing right now. watching this on the laptop. vmars season 2 on dvd and having an alcoholic beverage. well that last part really doesn't have much to do with vmars but it was a long week!
1632 sorry
to make this easy on me i  the $50 and would like to get both t-shirts....how to do that?
1932 now...
@phil, i just checked out the site for your place.  looks really nice and laid back.  too bad i'm so far away.  looks like a great place to have a cold one on a sunny spring afternoon.
@ joshua that would be nice!
i want to see the limited rewards that are open, gone! bum rush fb, twitter, and esp tumblr!
love shall prevail!
another 1662 backers needed for 90909... 3 hours to go! c'mon! also wondering what is happening in austin!! :) anyone celebrating in new orleans?
@lisa i did the same thing earlier.  it's all about the love!
@christine totally interested in a nyc meeting can't seem to find you on twitter though. follow me @rgonzberg and i'll follow you back?
i really want the mars investigation sticker design as a shirt option. i hope they end up offering all sticker designs as t-shirt options.
also close to 5.6 million!! we rock!
i was lucky enough to get the premiere tickets on my husband's account. so, for that i will release the logan package that i took the other day. i feel like i should share the love!!
man... we that backer record really needed some vaseline.
@marci @mari i could definitely help plan for the la fan-organized after party! i'd probably need some help from an la native though to help determine venue!
@duke there are a bunch on cafe press
@mansah:  dude!  i left this morning and when i get home everyone is talking about hitting 90909! that is awesome!  hell i finally caved and joined twitter this morning to see if the word would spread, but it seems you had that covered! you rock!
any toronto marshmallow's out there?
i work in 5 1/2 hours, this is such a dilemma sleep or watch the numbers go up??!!
ny meeting hashtag #nymarshmallows i'm @vmarshmallowftw feel free to send a follow request.  let's plan this thing.
i need speed folks.... want to see 90909 before work in 2:45!!!
there's still an ny premiere ticket available...
@april neptune the fantasy city - from wiki the closest real zip codes to 90909 are 90899, which belongs to long beach, california, 91001 which belongs to altadena, california, and 92009 which belongs to carlsbad, california. 909xx series zip codes are an unassigned series in the greater los angeles zipspace the high school was oceanside high, which is just north of carlsbad ca
nyc premiere tickets seems to be staying open . . .
any chance that the basic mars investigation logo would be a t-shirt choice? just saying, always wanted to have a m.i. shirt since the show was on the air!
let's break 90,000 people. sitting here watching the numbers rise is pretty dang cool.
@ laurie agreed, i work with at least two other vm fans.
@brianna yaaay!
1,700 to go!
@ashley you should be fine. you can change your pledge as many times as you want. the only amount that gets charged, is the final amount that you pledge. this will answer all of your questions http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#backaproj
backers 89,215.
@ben @ginger minnesota represent! st. paul here
@chelsea b i am!! we should do this!
@chelsea i can't plan it, but i'd attend. : )
cool at least i've been there
thank you everyone who answered my question!
we can do it people!!! getting closer by the second!!!!! might be the wine making me sooo giddy!
@christine i'm not a tweeter, but i'd love to meet up with fellow fans after the premiere as my magic 8 ball keeps telling me my chances of going to the after-party are looking not so great.
@ginger i'm in new hope
@lexi i'm in more on the north side of the city but i figure there has to be a lot of people in the area. what intel/politics people wouldn't like vmars lol
@ben where at? apple valley  here
@christine i just followed i'm @gabyguhu
1724 needed.
very impressive watching the numbers go up :)
@ginger i'm from minnesota also.
89k omgosh!!!!!!! :d
someone should plan an la gathering for all of us who weren't lucky enough to get the after party! who's game?
i'm up here in minnesota, anyone else on here from here?
ny meeting hashtag #nymarshmallows sound good? i'm @vmarshmallowftw
@christine, following: @caroleantoine.
is anyone live tweeting what's going on at the dog and duck?
@laurie a dc vm  gathering is a great idea as i live in arlington and work in dc!!!
@cornelia: i have not... thanks for the link!
@phil. if the hometown screening still there they should donate and have a party there.
hope everyone has fun in austin tonight!
dont lose the pace marshmallows!
@cornelia: that's so cool!
ny meeting hashtag   #nymarshmallows   sound good? i'm  @vmarshmallowftw
shout out to everyone at the dog and duck/veronica bars wish i was there with y'all
don sorry if i came off as rude, i was just joshing you.
someone should plan a dc gathering!
@rebecca, exactly. whatever will i do with my life?
i realize fresno sucks... buuuut i have a 7500 square foot facility that marshmallows could meet at for a kind of mid range party... middle of california... good times... beer... etc.... if you are interested phil@thebreakroombilliards.com   would love to have people from all over come have a beer with me and talk some vm movie.
@ rhian i just got all in a tizzy because you said ny was open- then i realized you meant premiere & not the after party. : ( bummed.
one ticket for the nyc premiere at $750. enjoy it - whoever you are. the rest of us will be at some dive bar down the road ;) hmmm. need to do some research. what's a good lax place that can fit a lot of people? greenwich village has a lot of open space bars. like i said before, i'm game.
thanks mansah, haven't watched the show since it originally aired, but figured it must be a zipcode related to the show.
i'm so confused about this amazon payment authorization thing i had upped my pledge but amazon had authorized it twice so i cancelled the 1st authorization but then i freaked out that it wouldn't charge me at all so i cancelled my entire pledge and pledged again then went back and cancelled the authorization   for the previous pledge. the newest authorization is still showing up  on my amazon so it's fine right? i will still be charged?
mark, have you seen this?  http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week it updates every 10 minutes...right now we need, according to them, 454 pledgers an hour and are at 499...
all aboard melissa's woot woot train. welcome!
i've upped my pledge, can't help wishing i lived in austin, and cannot stop checking this page.  30 days of round the clock page refreshing is about to come to an incredible end.
wooo!!! (sorry, late on the bandwagon) but...yay! a new backer record and $5.5 million!!!!!! it's been an honor, marshmallows. :)
don really? haha... the 'oh niners' and yes it's the prestigious 90909 zip code.
totally up for a ny meeting. i could probably help plan it but not plan the whole thing my twitter username is  @vmarshmallowftw
i'm knocking on wood again.  it'll happen
i just backed another $25 with different  card so we get an extra backer and that my daughter can have a t shirt too!!
@don knowlton. 90909 zip code? the 9ers at neptune, the rich kids live there.
we are hitting the 09er zip code you pessimistic silly people!!!
@dan k, it's the neptune zip code for the 'haves'
janne, they will ask at a later point what you want. we just could possibly make it into the 09er zip code...
using the past 10 min as a rate, we're at over 500 backers per hour, so 90909 is well within reach if this rate holds.
@janne yea u will  get an  email after the project is done for sizes and style
just cracked and added the money to get the 2nd tshirt. $35 is a lot, but worth it. @janne - they'll send a survey round at some point before they start shipping (i'd assume fairly early on, so they can make the correct amount of each size).
...out an email
@janne, it all happens later, they'll be sending
nyc tickets opened up!
miss it? are you guys leaving? i sure as heck aint lol
janne via email - you will get a email where you then make your choice.
@janne you'll get an email after the campaign ends about shirt sizes and which one you want or if you want both.
new york is open for 1 more!
wow a lot has happened since i last checked in last night. what's the significance of 90909?  sounds like a california zip code?
@janne - they'll ask everyone later.
1807 needed. :d
not sure how you choose the t-shirt u want or the size of it. does that happen later? =) 89k boom!
/r/iama/ is a subreddit where people (used to) start q&as by saying "i am a _____ ask me anything." at this point, it's not that restrictive anymore, but the subreddit has 3mil+ subscribers, so they aren't going to change it.
@kick just up your pledge but keep the same reward level ($10)
i still don't get the amazon thing and apparently i'm planning the nyc party. lmao. o_o
ok i'm off for at least 2 hours!! then ill be back!!
@ samantha  www.franciscapra.com
@kick just go to manage pledge and add $10 but keep your package the same.
@kick, you just click manage your pledge and go through the same steps as you did the first time but raising your pledge by $10 :d
you don't need to do anything with your authorization.  what you pledged through kickstarter is what you will be charged!  it will only be one charge, regardless of the multiple authorization, for upping pledges and what not.  don't freak out.  be cool, sodapop.
anyway man it went from seeming a bit of reach, even yesterday, to zooooooooom. 89,076 and counting.
@ samanatha  google his name and then go to his official francis capra site and there you will see everything about him and his blog  also.
yeah i can't commit to plan a party in ny
please help me!!! i forgot to add the 10$ for shipping (to italy)... what shall i do? thanks!!
word ginger. glad you made it!
the extra payments thing doesn't even make any sense. where would all the extra money even go? to amazon? if the system was that bugged we'd have heard about it within the first month of kickstarter up and running. also amazon is really good about things and if the system was bugged they'd set it straight with no problem anyway. but there is no way the system is bugged like that. i think the only thing that might get messed up is if you go in and try to remove this or that and a make a mistake with that and then lose out on your intended pledge.
we might very well hit the 90909 goal you guys!!
so curious to know what's going on at the dog and duck right now!!!!!!
what's iama?
don't cancel your authorizations!  i just went in to edit mine and kept the one showing the right amount (i've been waffling between tiers) and got an email from kickstarter a few minutes later asking if i meant to cancel my pledge.  just leave it alone!
@laura l thanks!!
i'll be at whatever nyc party there is but not planning it
okay so i went on to amazon and i cancelled 4 of 5 authorizations.....does that mean i will only be charged for the one i did not cancel? the one i didn't cancel still says active, but i hope it doesn't go inactive for some reason and then i lose out altogether.  :\
took a nap before work and .... amazing marshmallows! i did not think 90,909 was possible but 4 hours left. 89000+ now!
someone grab the 8 posters so i can stop looking longing like
.@leah. click on rt 's picture, then on full bio, ten on comments(9)
okay, so who's planning the ny party? don't all jump at once.
that's what i was waiting for matt
here's a link to the francis capra ama in case anyone was interested! http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1abh82/im_francis_capra_weevil_and_i_am_very_very/
@tina could you please send the link for that weevil/capra piece you put up a few minutes ago?
you know what. i bet being pay day makes a difference too.
bad matt!! lol
@julia - thanks! i thought that it would for the $200 charge increased from $100, but i got worried when i started seeing the comments. i'm glad to know i will work exactly like i wanted.
i'm ready to sleep a lot and not care about stuff again... having said that... i still care for about four hours.
@stacey - he's wearing a blue shirt.
@phil love weevil:)
@annika, i hope in the movie we'll see a return to the earlier wallace/veronica friendship.
there is another vmars fan already at the bar in austin. his name is stephen and he is outside in a blue shirt! his phone isn't working so he asked us to post here :)
also 89.000+ :d
i feel like a bad fan for doubting that it would make it past 87k. it's almost at 90 now damn.
@stacey our friend stephen is in the dog and duck, he is outside, shout out oi stephen and he will hear you!
@susan, if you've pledged from two different kickstarter accounts you'll be charged both pledges i'd imagine...
tina great blog post thanks for sharing i loved weevil almost as much as i loved mac and veronica
i will miss this kickstarter come tomorrow. it's been such fun.... :d
1883 to go
1891  togo
@susan the authorizations are all valid, but kickstarter will only charge each account once. you can use the same amazon account for multiple kickstarter accounts, but the point that everyone needs to understand is that authorizations are not charges. you will only be charge what you pledge.
@carole yeah, me too, especially in the first couple of episodes when they became friends and veronica totally corrupted wallace :d ... that is one thing that really bothered me about the third season, too little wallace!
eeeek, 4hrs to go! so excited! this marshmallow is about to melt down like i've been zapped in the microwave! :d
there are two marshmallow quotes wallace to veronica " that might play with the masses, but underneath that angry young woman shell, there's a sourly less angry young woman who's dying to bake me something. you're a marshmallow, veronica mars. a twinkie!" and then in veronica's internal monologue "i used to think i knew what tore our family apart. now i'm sure i don't. but i promise this: i will find out what really happened, and i will bring this family back together again. i'm sorry, is that mushy? well, you know what to say, veronica mars, she's a marshmallow."
sorry, no need to cancel those after all (does no harm if you do, but will save you some time)!!
1,900 in just over 4 hours, it can be done!
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
89,008
what if i've made legit multiple purchases? i made one for $200 and then my husband did one for $25 to get the second shirt before they announced how to get both in one pledge? we share an amazon account, so those two authorizations are correct? the ones that weren't were my original for $100 and a couple where i thought it was billing to the wrong account (which i did cancel). i left them as separate pledges to help worth the backer count.
89,000
good god almighty! 89k
89,002; that's what's up
any active authorization can be charged. i would imagine that they will at some point cancel the older ones and only charge you for the last change you made, but if you're worried they won't, go in and cancel the additional authorizations yourself. the amazon e-mail gives you the directions for viewing and canceling the authorizations they have pending for you.
89000!
everyone say 89,000!!!!!!!
@@thesanakhanshow, i'm also game for a ny alterna-party thing. i'll be following you. @caroleantoine
if you read on amazon payments it actually says it will not charge more than the maximum authorised amount -so even if you have authorised changed your pledge multiple times they will only charge the final pledged amount.
@louise, thanks!
@phil, sorry about that, i a partial pessimist. and at that currant rate, it was unlikely.
every time someone posts about not freaking out about the authorizations, someone else comments and spreads it.
oh my god were almost at 90,000 oh!!!
thank you for the reminder to cancel the old payments!!!!!!!!!!
@phil ask me anything. it's a reddit thing.
thanks @joshua for the comment about reconciling payment discrepancies in amazon since i upped my pledge. looking into it now. (didn't even think of that). also, someone made a comment below about getting together in ny? i wasn't able to spring for those premiere tickets either, but would love to have a fun night out to celebrate. as the movie gets closer to being made and/or after we've gotten our digital copies, maybe then we just can just pick a neutral date/place/time in nyc? or heck later this month to celebrate the successful kickstarter campaign. let me know if anyone wants to take the lead on that. spread the word on here or on twitter. pick a hashtag. like #nymarshmallows or whatever. i'm @thesanakhanshow and i'm game!
so does cancelling a pledge reconcile it with amazon payments?  meaning if you click cancel will it cancel through amazon? i just cancelled to changed my pledge to a different level...but i want to make sure i did it right. i don't want to be charged twice, well no, my husband doesn't want to be charged twice...  ;)
@julia i didn't either... ama?
@james, same thing we do every night, try and...sorry wrong show
is it just me or have things slowed down alot in the last half hour
everyone, stop freaking out about amazon and then making everyone else freak out. they are just authorizations, not charges. you will only be charged whatever your pledge is.
you do not have to cancel the authorizations! it is not true! as x says: "if the system charged people for each pledge amount and kept summing the charges i think we'd all have heard about a big uproar about kickstarter, no?"
whoohoo!! we did it :) made a fanvid to celebrate: http://www.youtube.com/watch… . a badass logan echolls fanvid is coming soon!
it won't charge you multiple times, regardless. it just means those were the different amounts you authorized. you'll only get charged for the specific amount you've pledged when it ends.
@josh right i screwed up my first call buuuut you have no vote anyway because you were so negative about where we'd get anyway :-p
i know what ill be doing for at least part of the next year but it wont take that long to watch 64 episodes so what am i gonna do with the rest of my time? lol
gdi :(
francis did a ama at the start of the kickstarter? why didn't i hear about that?
@joshua thanks, you just saved me from 3 different amazon charges. *everyone, login to amazon payments and navigate to 'authorised payments', ensure you cancel the redundant pledge payments!*
ugh.  who needs sleep.  makes me miss stuff on this page.  can't believe we overcame another goal!   i think we will pass 90909!
where are people even seeing these charges listed? when i go to amazon payments it shows nothing other than for the one project that already completed (it showed nothing for that before it completed). i don't see cc holds for anything either. if the system charged people for each pledge amount and kept summing the charges i think we'd all have heard about a big uproar about kickstarter, no?
look what i found from our friend weevill:  this could mean good things maybe he will be in? this is from his blog i'm francis capra (weevil) and i am very, very excited about the veronica mars movie. (self.iama) submitted 28 days ago* by franciscapra so………my mind is blown. i know its okay to feel like this because rob thomas told me those very same words. no one could have ever expected this kind of response, after all these years. i had never lost hope for a reunion, but a movie? i have to tell you, i was completely unprepared. i'm usually the guy who always has something to say, so the fact that i sound this silly sitting here trying to write an iama post..i normally comfortably browse reddit for lol/sc2 everyday, if anyone would have told me i'd see vm on the frontpage in 2013...ok, i feel obligated to reach back out to the community that has made this possible, by showing so much love, support, and loyalty as to "break kickstarter records" and personally, remind me of just how much veronica mars meant to me. this show saved my life years ago and it looks like its gonna do it again. (i know i said that in the other thread, sorry) and the craziest thing is its only day two! the possibilities, the stuff running through my head as i read rob's emails over and over... (that's mean, i know) i was going to just write a blog entry on franciscapra.com but i really just need to talk to somebody, seriously. :) i always said we had the greatest fans any cast could ever ask for, this week, you guys showed the world just how real those claims were. i sound ridiculous, so i really hope someone else comes in here and shows me up. i gotta call jason or rowanceleste, brb. i promise to be more composed when i return.
@annika, thank for finding that quote. i always loved wallace and the relationship he had with veronica. sort of got sidelined when love became a thing.
@leah on the current page 13
efffffff it. we are hitting 90909. someone screencap, and i'll try too! thanks for the reassurance tet. new to ks, so appreciate. everyone is good to go!
if we stay on track without speeding up or slowing down, it will be in the last 1/2 hr to hit 90909
@ginger yes anyone wanting to facebook me... phil costales phil@thebreakroombilliards.com you can look up fresnoteambilliards and find my facebook from there... or the break room fresno... y'all are cool.
90909-88952=1957
excuse my capslocks but stop posting about the authorizations. you are not going to get charged for every single one. every time someone posts about that someone else gets paranoid and posts and the cycle doesn't end. if you're concerned, by all means cancel them, but stop spreading misinformation :/
it's going up so quickly i'm sure well reach 90909 in less then an hour!!
@phil. wake up!
wow. this has been pretty darn cool. nerds unite!
omg i left for a while and now 90909 doesn't seem so far!!!
approximately how long do we think it will be until 90909?
carole is right- here's the quote: wallace fennel: that might play with the masses, but underneath that angry young woman shell, there's a slightly less angry young woman who's just dying to bake me something. you're a marshmallow, veronica mars. a twinkie!
when this ends can we still comment on here, keep in touch and such??
@susan lol
well when i look it was three... yay!
wow... i'm tired lol
i mean 1976
i know what you mean ginger, tomorrows gonna be so weird it will be like visiting the gym after the last school dance has ended and the party favors and cups are still on the floor waiting to be cleaned up.
@hillary 3000 more for what? 90909? that's 1081 away
1988 backers needed
thank you to everyone warning about the extra amazon charges! i think you've probably prevented me from getting divorced today when the $500 extra in amazon charges hit our checkbook. i promised the hubby that wouldn't happen (after i somehow talked him into doubling our original pledge).
rob, i hope you are getting drunk at the dog and duck right now. cheers!
3000 more!!! that's all it would take!!
@constantine. okay, thanks
come on!! i am in bed and can't get up cause i don't want to miss 90909
remember there's no actual charge yet, only an authorisation to amazon (amazon may have also place an authorisation hold on your card but that's a separate issue).
oh this is sexy... come on... let's do something grand with the last four hours.
@ carole - pretty sure you're right; reference to wallace's line to veronica in the first episode :-)
@tet oh good to know!  scratch peeps, youre good! my overcautiousness lives
being here is like being at a party, knowing you should go home, but you don't because you don't want to miss anything.
true phil but the old recorder holder was.. see previous post
@carole i thinks thats correct...re: wallace
we're almost at 90909
ok we're almost there!! ahhhh
@joshua - thanks for posting. i didn't realize they were keeping all of the authorization active for each change made. i just went in and cancelled all but the last one from today for the sdcc vip package. if any of you have made changes make sure you follow the instructions on the amazon authorization e-mail you received to check what authorizations they show as active for you. we don't want to be charged multiple times.
aaaand my prediction for the final tally was passed thank god.
thanks to all who answered me:)
changed my picture :) thanks kb for the picture :)
is it wrong that i remember francis capra as the kid from "kazaam" with shaquille o'neal playing a genie that lives in a boombox...
mariam not exactly sure of the movie but assuming it was the same name as the production co. we needed to beat double fine adventure
i don't think that amazon extra authorization stuff matters.
what kind of crazy karmic nutty coincidence would 90909 as the final backer tally be lol
it was not a movie. it was a game called double fine adventure.
@shan, you could be right but i always thought it was a reference to when wallace called veronica a marshmallow. can anyone confirm?
@laurie thanks!
thanks:)
double fine adventure
mariam- double fine adventure video game
@nicholos, that's true for each of the authorizations you made...not in total
joshua eliano: while there's nothing wrong with that, it also isn't necessary. kickstarter will only use the correct authorisation so the other authorisations will never be charged
@backup every time you try to get out we pull you back in!
@ jesca i'm guessing marshmallows as in mars-hmallows. my brain only just went 'click' after seeing it here for weeks.
hey guys sorry to be so out of the loop, but i heard rob posting on this comment stream when we hit 81,143 - if true, can someone please tell me what page of all the comments it's on so i can read it? thanks! and they say the economy hasn't bounced back... ;)
@phil. i did knock on wood. and am reading this laughing at the gym.  i can't quit you guyz
i found this site very  useful. complete vm transcripts.  vmtransripts.com/
yes but what project got over 80,000 backers??
mariam day one we killed every movie on kickstarter.. it was about all projects overall
important echoing others: if you've been altering you ks pledge around with the new rewards, make sure you follow the amazon email to reconcile your amazon payments. this has no affect on the ks amount for the movie thats ticking away on ks. for instance, my original pledge was 200, then 225 for the shirt, then 450 for the sdcc package. while ks updated and reconciled my reward and pledge level in real time, amazon payments still see those separate transactions. make sure to cancel the obsolete charges (but be careful not to cancel the wring one)!
@rb2910 i think someone will take the theater level - they are just coordinating with 49 of their closest friends and it is taking some time.
@constantine i didn't mean sneak-in, i meant start our own.  an alterna-party of sorts.  who's got a party pig?
anyone know what kickstarter project we were trying to beat!! what movie?
@ lauren i know, all those remaining rewards are bugging me. think they'll go before the end?
do some, kickstarter records. do some.
@stacey you are our girl on the inside!!! keep us updated on rob's drunken debauchery :-p
@jennifer, i'd be down for that
@rochella yes!!
that damn theater level...
i honestly think we're going to hit 90909 it's still going up so quickly!!!!
has anyone else been mainlining veronica mars on dvd since this thing started?! lol, i can't seem to get enough!
@ tina weevil was also calogero  or 'c' in a bronx tale when he was a kid.  he was so good.
@ jennifer - indeed, there should be much colluding. and/or plotting ways to sneak into the after-party.
@thomas: i just got rid of old authorizations since i've been upping my pledge. thankfully i did it now before the kickstarter ended. make sure to re read those amazon emails to get rid of old authorizations!!!
@samantha :p duty calls unfortunately, but i will definitely be back to celebrate with you all. ok, for real, out now! talk to you guys later.
well we've made history, i wanted to share my favourite song to celebrate this kind of stuff: http://www.youtube.com/watch… enjoy!
@ tina - he'd better be in the movie. all the best lines that weren't veronica's were his, and his delivery was just so damn good. :-) (weevil wanna punch a cracker - enough said)
thanks stacy!!!!
i can't wait! so excited you guys =d
how on earth did texas get 102 backers for the $1000 tier?  i am dying to get after party tickets for nyc...  le sigh :(
amazing everyone. truly amazing.i am in awe
@constantine maybe all of us nyers not on the list for the party should get together for our own.  i'm probably going to be way too amped after the movie to go back to a hotel room and sleep.  i'm going to want to talk vmars, and maybe dance like piz at pi sig!  it's been a decade since i got my boogie on (i have a 9 yr old).
@ kim i distinctly remember you saying no essay writing until after 11pm! lol
thanks for sharing the photo stacy, it looks amazing! man i wish i was there to celebrate!
@joshua - sweet! that's what i did. heck i would've done all that comic con and logan lover stuff too, but wasn't quick enough and don't have that kinda money to spend anyway, but i'm perfectly content with my t-shirts. (and maybe they'll surprise us all w/ mars investigation mugs/pens...even though i know they said it was hard to turn that around so quickly). thanks again for the backup!
@jennifer what goes around comes around =) alright, i need to go write my english essay. goodbye marshmallows!
you know who i love seeing on vm??  eli "weevill" navarro....while i was watching these shows (i didn't watch it while it was on cw)  i only saw it on soapnet now and i love the show and he was so so cute and then i realize who it was and now when i see him in this show i see that little boy in free willy 2...francis capra are you going to be in the movie?? i sure hope so....
90909 is in the bag.. backupismydog knocked on wood... it's a done deal :-)
@shan what do you mean?
@jesca come on people, 89000 at the half hour mark!!! it's very possible.
wow you guys are amazing!! at about 7am this morning i was getting a bit discouraged that we wouldn't make it, since we only had 15ish hours left and probably 3500 more backers to go but we totally made the record!! now to see if we can really get to the 90909... i can't wait!
@ jennifer - as i said: we'll just have to hope that kb and rt and all the rest are awesome enough to let us chat at them for a few seconds. minutes. hours. whichever. what little i've seen of them through this kickstarter suggests that, yes, they are in fact that awesome, but...
my city is in 14th place, i guess that is good.
https://mobile.twitter.com/stacey_av/status/322833903180185601/photo/1 pic of the menu.  not too crowded yet.  the buffalo blue fries are so good!
thanks @kim.  i feel like my karma is golden today so i might have shot.  i gave up a logan lover to someone earlier who really wanted it to give as a gift.  i figured i'd share the love since i was fortunate enough to be going to ny.
@brent and others. scroll down and you can predict when we will go over 90,000 backers. peak backing hits at 4pm pst = 7pm est http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
i was standing poised over my keyboard when the logan lover packages opened up.  they opened at $150 initially but not at $250.  after clicking away from the managing button to find out what had happened, i returned immediately and put through my change from the $200 level to $250.  after i finished amazon, however, a pop up indicated the $250 level was sold out.  that happened within about four minutes of the time when the $250 level opened up. sad to say i missed it.  i clicked in again to change my level back to $200 plus the extra for the 2nd shirt and the change was indicated.  later, however, i clicked onto my amazon account and found that i had three separate authorizations still active (at the $200, at the $225 when i added a second shirt, and at $275 when i tried to sign up for the logan premium package plus extra shirt).  i have since cancelled all but the $225.  be aware that when you change levels the earlier level fund withdrawal authorization still remains in effect.  although i'm sure rob's people would never intentionally do more than one withdrawal, it is best to avoid the possibility of errors by expunging old or unsuccessful authorizations.
@sanakhan if you upped from 50 for the 2 shirts ($75), you should keep your reward level at the $50 level. this will show that you get everything in the $50 level, and the extra $25 is meant for the second shirt
marshmallows. i can't believe i only just got that right now.
@ elisabeth lavigne there is one on www.marsinvestigations.net under the movie header on the left side is breakdowns
this is also in the amazon email - * the maximum authorized amount is the total amount you authorized to be charged to your payment method over the valid payment period. the total amount for all transactions cannot be greater than the maximum amount you authorized.  - i would not worry about it.
@ elisabeth: you can find all that here http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/
@ elisabeth  check this site out http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
come on people! 89000 by the end of the hour!!
i dunno is anyone has said this, because 15,455 comments!, i would love to see all the stats and the break down of the backers. like it would be cool to see a map of the world with backers marked and the peak hours of donations, ect.
@ constantine i wish i could have snatched it up but they were gone so fast!  i only lucked in getting the premiere when they released more today (and by "lucked" i mean staring obsessively at multiple screens & accounts and refreshing like mad until it went through of course!)
@valerie don't leave us!?! all the plants are gonna die...
@antoine hey camarade, ouiii les français sont bien là héhé
@michael @ lynne @tracy @shannon @ all the 5555555 watchers unsung ... good grief!  i was watching and still missed it!  =-)  still, just a number... how 56565656?  seriously, this just keeps getting better and better!
@ thesanakhanshow hmm, i'm not sure if you'll get the poster, but you will get both t-shirts and everything else listed from the $50 price point.
@victoria @jennifer i had enough trouble with the $50, but really wanted to do the $100.
well i'm stepping away from the computer for the day - fingers crossed we make it to 90909, if not i'm so proud to have been a part of such an awesome kickstarter project - here's to all of us and veronica mars the movie #raiseyourglass
@jennifer ooh, darn children. miracles happen, i'm rooting for you! there's also always tons of scouring for contests and stuff, and who knows, maybe someone will even get their hands on those tickets somehow as a gift for you!
everyone.. if you happen to see it hit exactly 90909 press shift and print screen then open paint and paste from the clipboard.. save the pic, upload wherever and share with this forum... i think everyone would like to have that screen shot.
ok. hopefully i did this right. i selected the $50 price point because i want a copy of the dvd, but wanted both shirts so i pledged $75. according to update #15 i think? i should be able to get both shirts and everything else that's offered at that price point, right?
@laurie thanks for that, i would have been charged two different amounts!
if anyone wants the kb voicemail, it looks like there is 1 open. i can't remember who was looking for that
hahaha that's awesome @stacy keep us posted!!!
@ victoria- that's what i originally had until i upgraded.  (some fam & friends chipped in to get me to ny as a present.)  there is no way i could have gone on my own- i was going to live on ramen to get the poster.  i know what you mean.
wooops i mean come on 90909
561 an hour.
only 4hrs :(
i will tweet with #veronicabars tonight and use www.veronicabars.com
@samantha - sadly heading out to do some chores - however weirder things have happened and sure other people will be trying :-d, by the looks of things here there should be someone who gets that screenshot ('twas just blind luck before)
come on 909090
people are starting to get home from work. we should see 5.6 soon.
@x @ jennifer - same boat here, on the after party. shoulda got it right at the beginning, but i talked myself out of it. *sigh* hopefully i'll still get a half-second or so of face time with kb and rt at the premiere :-p
come on marshmallows, only 2,250 to get to 90909!! we have 5 hours, we can do it!
@stacey - haha that's awesome. gotta take pics.
amazing....
@stacey on way down there. many people yet?
@ kim my eyes have been open for hours.  i have another window that is constantly being refreshed.  i must have missed them while i was being responsible and taking care of my child. oh well- 4 more hours of hope left....
@samantha wow that video is soo great!!
@stacey haha so cute! wish i could be there :)
@stacey shut up thats awesome take a pic
@laurie, i think the charges are authorized, but once the pledge changes, they'll only actually charge that new amount
@geoff if you can get it at exactly 90909, i would want that as my screen saver :) it would be awesome
amazing! i am so glad! thx to rob for all he's done! just amazing!!
at the pub super early.  their menu is the neptune high cafeteria menu and a wallace and mac burgers
@jennifer - yeah i've only once ever seen the nyc premiere with the after party open up and it was literally for just a couple of seconds.
currently we have the austin premiere but my daughter really wants the sdcc instead. anyone plan on releasing their sdcc ????
holy shit they did it we did it it was did
that means good in i work at a bar language.
that video is pimp
jenifer i keep staring at the 200 dollaer pledge longingly i worked all month to get the 100 so i can relate
hey lily tan :-) la france en force pour notre détective favorite ^^
@rb2910 i'm in london and will stay awake listening to world football phone-in on the radio
@jennifer don't give up! i've seen a couple of ny ones open up very momentarily, just have to keep your eyes wide open :)
wasn't going to comment on this project  as only backing this for a daughter - weirdly hit home page 1 person too soon but took screenshot anyway - here you go folks - 1 millisecond before breaking the record http://i.imgur.com/hxrlmal.jpg
any wrestling fans on here?
: (
i keep seeing austin or la open momentarily today (been watching all day for ny but no luck!) for the after party.
theres 152 backers out of 150 packages i restrained myself from geting either auto package (i tend to get my autogrpahs in person i like to collect them all i could think was two people are gonna be so sad
i'm back! looks like one of the $2500 tiers opened up, role as extra in movie.
you know, if they hadn't created the $1 category we'd be sitting at about 83,000 with 5 hours to go and that would be scary.  yay dollar bills!
an austin $750 and a $2500 extra package.... hope people who wanted those originally are coming back to check for them...
counting down to party time! www.veronicabars.com
last few hours, very excited! we have officially beat all records of kickstarters history, well done to all of us! australia loves vm!
88600 keep it up!
@laurie thank you, i'd have totally missed that out! "hey everybody! make sure to follow the instructions in the amazon email you got if you upped your pledge to make sure you haven't authorized multiple charges. (i thought i cancelled the first but i'd just cancelled the pledge, not the charge)"
someone posted this earlier, and its epic, i am re posting it! thank you! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@victoria how do you see that?
i'd love so much for that austin premiere... alas... i just can't do it
so proud to have been a part of this kickstarter. since it opened i've started re-watching vm from season 1 and i'm now half way through season 3. never underestimate the power of the marshmallows and their love of all things vm! :d
any active kickstarter pages we can head to? for more backers? did everyone ask everyone they possibly know!? lol
well i'm still here, and i know i will be very tired at work,but i want to see it to the end. 2 hours of sleep is enough to work off of, right??
the ll pakaage is now over by two backers poor people
$40,811 pledged in the last 2 hours. see ya'll in an hour with a new total!
@james - is that a ranger pin as your image?
it makes sence that today on soapnet. veronica mars is starting over from the being. i don;t care how much i watch it i can;t stop watching it.   "you what they say....veronica mars she is a marshmallow".  go watch......
i'll try to check up on my kindle from work... just to be around when the corks get popped.
super tous les records battus! vive nous tous! lol
austin premiere and extra packages opened up.
typed the website wrong. whoops. www.thesanakhanshow.com (twitter @thesanakhanshow, youtube /thesanakhanshow, etc) i'm not looking to be the next oprah. but i'd love to be the first sana khan. worst case i amuse my friends. i can live with that :d
@lily great for you... i'm gonna miss the last hour and it just sucks.
@rb2910 i'll do the same thing, i don't think i can hold on til then
any info on the official website yet?  it better have a forum or some kinda chat system
@james... you bet sir... i consider everyone here a friend of sorts... maybe just someone that went on the same insane roller coaster and that makes them all special... i hope this movie is just solid... i like solid.
i'm out for now. will be back before it ends. i expect to be amazed by the numbers.
i'll set an alarm for half an hour before the end just in case i fall asleep :)
@phil lmao. no. but it's still funny. and not all 09'ers were bad. but anywho, thanks to whoever answered my question about the shirts. will try to get on it before it's too late. and, i'm so inspired by what the power of fans can do. it was just the right kind of positive energy to inspire me to keep going after my own goals. if anyone's interested, check out my website: www.sanakhanshow.com (recently taught myself how to design it!!! and i am not techie like mac so it's a big personal accomplishment) i'd like to think of my show as if oprah and jimmy fallon had a baby. and that baby's godparents were ellen degeneres and craig ferguson. and her school friends were conan, stewart and colbert. yeah. if you got all that. that's what i'm hoping to do. i've got twitter, facebook, youtube channels on lock. just got to work on content. build a fan base. you never know right? look at what happened here? simply amazing! and so proud to be a part of it. regardless of the '09er thing ;p
just woke up in australia. yay!!! we broke the record!!! an awesome end to a fun month on kickstarter. can't wait for production updates!
@phil and may the lord (which 2moro will be my boss at work) have mercy on my sleepy soul
@laurie thanks for the info. i just checked and i still had my previous pledge on there!
@rb2910 maybe (i'm french), i'll see i manage to stay awake till then, after following the stats like crazy for weeks, i really want to see the campaign end :d
good so then i wont be the only one here tomorrow cya here phil lol
@samantha, you are a true warrior :-)
@aubrey @katherine so glad i could help! i knew i couldn't be the only one who hadn't realized! =d @marci i know, it's getting ridiculous, but i can't help it. i love being part of this nerdy revolution! @ben me too! hopefully more than one, otherwise i'm going to have to miss some awesome panels to see them! we should definitely have a twitter feed (or something) going at sdcc to help unite us all!
@michael @elysia it actually seems that rob spent a looooot of time figuring the absolute best amount of time etc to get the maximum profit from what he said in interviews early on... he knew the numbers super well... dropped the ball a smidge not being ready for international pledges day one maybe though.
i am from germany, but i don´t think i am staying up that long. but tomorrow i´ll be up very quickly! :)
@rb2910 i may pass out but i'm trying to hold the fort in manchester uk
couldn't help but feel proud when i looked at the stats for sweden on marsinvestigations.com and realized that i inspired 5% of those backers! my friends and family are so amazing! as well as all of yours that backed this because you inspired them. sometimes i get the feeling that you can't change anything, but this sure as hell gave me hope! vm fans unite!!
i just became backer 88,492!!! i am super excited for this movie... vm was one of my all time favorite shows!!!
yep, right here
any europeans staying up to watch the end of this project?
@michael evryone missed, it went from under to over it. i tried to get the moment for a screenshot. but no way..
@james... i'm hooked... i'm gonna look here for an rt update... finally have clothes to wear that i didn't launder an hour before work... enjoy a movie... maybe go on a date... :-p
@ elysia, i'm sure kristen and some others have a small window to make this movie happen as they have other commitments, so the kickstarter length was probably chosen with specific intent.
@christina, about 60% of the vm backers are first backers. in comparison, about 23% of the double fine backers were first time backers.
imagine the response it they added a few extra packages in the home stretch?  6 mil for sure.
@michael 555555 came around twice. buyers remorse pulled it back down and now up again.
hey everybody! make sure to follow the instructions in the amazon email you got if you upped your pledge to make sure you haven't authorized multiple charges. (i thought i cancelled the first but i'd just cancelled the pledge, not the charge)
@jesca we are doing ok, we are doing 83-85 per 10 minutes so we are just on track
my question is... what are we all gonna do tommorow? besides sleep in that is.
damn, i  missed $5,555,555! :)
well @phil we are the ones funding this thing, lol wer the ones with the money
something i'm very happy about is people felt since this was a tv show and fans would dive out to sponsor it, we wouldn't get a big push at the end... that was wrong... this project is going out with a bang..not a whimper.
another real simple answer to who funded the movie?  the whole world did.
somebody switched their $2500 tier to the $3000 :d
i don't know exact facts but the pebble who raised 10 mil started around april 11 and ended like may 18th that is over the month that vm has set. who knows where tis could've went if it was a longer time frame. just saying
the sdcc package has gone from -5 of 150 to -2 of 150. i'd love to get that package but i don't think its gonna happen! at least we've beaten the records! :)
can i just say that i love this kickstarter to pieces! and, if it weren't for this particular project i would probably never have gotten an account here, or even felt confident about backing other kickstarter projects available. veronica mars the movie for the win!  =)
@thesanakhanshow it's funny but would you really want to be an o9er?
ok and again towards 7 x 5 !
ooooooo i get it now hahahaa thanks jesca :d
@melissa 90909 is the zip code of the rich kids in neptune on vm
i didn't think the excitement of the first day could be surpassed but this will do it! going to be up late again. what a month it has been. marshmallows forever <3
we want to get to 90909 because it's the zip code referenced in the show. plus (maybe it's just me), how cool would it be if people asked who funded the veronica mars movie project? and the answer would be: the 09'ers (another show reference). it would be hysterically fitting. either way though, it's been fun. glad i'm a backer :d
@cynthia i didn't make it haha! i just found it, so i thought people here should see it :)
aww... i would love the extra package, but it's too rich for my blood and i'm on the wrong coast!  any chance someone is looking to give up their ny premiere & after party?
@jesca no, less than that... and we'll get there... have faith!
@laurie i had a feeling that was the case!  great job!
while more is of course! always better, i've gotten $5,750,000 stuck in my head as the number to surpass. so that way if it is 30% fulfillment + fees, they'll still net a cool 4m.  can you really make a movie for 4m?  it seems like a impossibly low number.  (though still an incredible achievement for us!)
09'ers from vmars show
@jessica we're at 485 now...but we're dipping significantly
thank god the ll package is gone again
wait why do we want to get to 90909?
someone had pre buyers remorse.
@cynthia true....though i've always been a duncan fan!
hmm ya we need like 500 backers an hr to get to 90909
chanting i will not buy the logan package
i go to sleep for 6 hours and we break the record. so freaking amazing!!!!! thankyou to all the new backers!
looking forward to 30 seconds to veronica mars history...
there goes the $3000
@laurie that was a great video - i would've preferred more logan and far less duncan and piz though!
whoops. i have two accounts going. thanks @chelsea! it was our other account that got the vip package! :))))
@laurie. did you do that video. awesome!!
but, more is better... =-)
@ jesca 485 backers in the last hour
dang! missed the 5,555,555! went right past it!
i feel like we have slowed down...can someone give me an hourly rate of backers please? i feel like we've slowed down.
shot right past 5,555,555!
5,555,555 surpassed
@thesana all you do is make a pledge for an extra 25 or 35 for international then when they contact you you request bother shirts. or you could make another account and be a backer
there's a logan lovers still available!
looking forward to 5,555,555...
@fiatluxury, i will be squeling so loud it can be heard across the globe if it happens! @kate k, you're not alone -i caved earlier today, my bank is going to hound me down.
@joshua we definitely should do that! : )
@backupismydog thanks! yeah drive was fine...i saw the 87143 and now i'm positive we will reach 90909!!
@chelsea i'm there for preview night and all four days! i wonder how many days the rob and the cast will be at sdcc?
i kinda want to see it hit 90,909 as well. it's already been epic fun, but if it's possible to end it there? that would be insane! btw, i read somewhere we have an option at getting both shirts. is that a certain pledge level? i need to re-read the updates. i missed something somewhere. i'd like both shirts, if possible. someone let me know. thanks in advance for the backup ;)
@laurie that video was awesome.
wish i had $3000 laying around.  i would be such a cool rich person.  as god is my witness, i'll never take cold showers again!  ponies for everyone!
jeez - only like 2,600 more to 90909.  i was surprised by hitting the record, but if we hit 90909, i will be astounded.
flat? just as god made me! can't wait for this movie!!!
what a thrill this is for everyone involved!  i (crazily) upped my pledge to get the signed poster.  20 of them left last time i checked...
i am so inspired by what this wonderful group of people have been able to accomplish this month. the veronica mars fans are truly spectacular! i'm hoping a few of you, as unified as this project has made us all feel, would be willing to take a look at a project a friend of mine is running? she is an amazing artist looking to start a new line of illustrations and needs some help getting off the ground. the curious concepts project is a small project with a completely attainable goal, especially if some of my wonderful fellow vm fans would be willing to throw $1 or $10 her way. please check out http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/690850738/the-curious-concepts-project the pledge goal is a mere $600 and with 21 days to go she only needs to raise another $245!! please please please, help out a fellow marshmallow????
i just upped my pledge on my second account to $25 so i can get more stickers and another shirt. i can't wait to see exactly how much money we donated!
wow if i had 3000$ to drop, i'd take your spot, chris
@chelsea: omg. i'm an idiot. thank you!!!
@chelsea no, not attending sdcc, it's gotten too crazy. still need to sort out my accommodations down there so i can decide what days to be down for it, but i have a little time to figure that out before i need to book my flight.
@laurie that was awesome, thanx for sharing.
@jesca. glad you made it home safe. good work with the positive thinking this morning.
i wish i could watch the this 'til the end, but 11 p.m is approaching fast and i need some sleep before work tonight. congrats to all of us marshmellows!! have a good night all.
@shawn wright - eggscellent!! :) #marshmallowsforlife
i am so glad i gave! can't wait to see this movie!!!!
@marci gahhhh, so jealous of you and your special package! i live in san diego so it's not a huge trip for me or anything :) are you attending sdcc or just the vm event?
@jesca lol sounds like a good night! and i feel the same way you do, @jasmine!
we should  an sdcc meetup or something!...those going/in the area
90,909!  90,909!  90,909!
this is so awesome. great job from all over the globe. vm fans unite!!!
c'mon marshmallows keep the pace!! no slowing down, 90909 all the way
just upped my pledge to get the 2nd shirt ! it's totally crazy since i can't really afford that and eat ahah, but it is sooooooo worth it !!! i'm so happy rob & kristen got all they wanted with this ! i'm going to bed tonight with a big smile on my face :d
shawn, i was too !
ok so pizza is ordered and theres wine in my glass...5 hours to go!! come on 90909!!
by the way, in case anyone is interested, here's a delicious recipe i found to go along with the sweetness of the success of this campaign. http://www.goodfoodstories.com/2012/06/04/veronica-marshmallows/
ha, lexi, you and i were of the same mind by playing 'we used to be friends' as the record was broken.
unfortunately i have to remove my $3,000 pledge..  so someone can snag the opening in about 10 mins.
@chelsea gotcha! a friend of mine got the la premiere tickets, so i'm going to that with her. we don't have the after party for that, though, so figured i'd splurge for the vip. if i'm flying down to san diego for it may as well make it a big event. ; )
@ben so sorry you didn't make it in, but i'll be waiting in line with everyone else for the panel/autographs at sdcc so i'll see you there! are you there for all four days?
drive into austin as we hit our backer goal.  it's gonna be a good night.
i don't see them pulling the plug early and losing the chance at more money to improve the film for a symbolic backer tally (as cool as that number is).  i think it was an off-handed joke that people took seriously.  also, there's people that haven't backed yet that might still want too- i don't think rob would want to have those people lose out.  he's too nice.
@chelsea so jealous but congratulations! i'm attending sdcc anyway, so i hope to catch the cast there. hopefully i can get in to the fan event too! i also think a limit needs to be put on 90909 just so we can stop on that significant number!
this video is soooo good! check it out :) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@marci fan package. i have tickets to the la premier with my partner in crime too so the vip package would have put me over the edge in terms of ridiculousness (assuming i haven't already crossed that line). what about you??
i'm so happy that all of us made this happen. it feels amazing to be a part of this.
2674 backers wanted,  534 per hour 9 per minute.
here is a short video i shot when we broke the record http://m.youtube.com/watch…
i left for a bit, and i realized austin has 102 backers...lol.  did i miss something? lol
if rob really wants to stop at 90,909 they should tell kickstarter to end it there.
would they really stop at 90.909? it would be a good number to pull the plug, but i think people would keep pledging.
wow congrats to kristen and rob on reaching all of there goals and more i can't wait until the movie is out! congrats again to all involved and well done to all us marshmallows on a job well done!
another phrasing suggestion for the upper right sticker: "i helped back up veronica mars on kickstarter" (again related to that scene in the pilot episode where her dad suggests bringing "backup") instead of "i saved veronica mars on kickstarter"...it would be more fitting, right? no big deal either way. just throwing it out there.
think we can convince the cast to do some commentaries during the film downtime (you know, when they are not busying singing over 5000 posters!)  ; )
@chelsea see you there. did you get the fan package or the vip?
i met someone with the last name 'mercer' the other day. i was very grown up and didn't resort to screaming at him :')
@mansah i missed it, too! and rob posted on this comment forum! yes, i'm fan-girling pretty hard right now, lol.. i just think he's such a nice guy.  he raises the standard for all other hollywood producers (he's genuine, down-to-earth, stays in touch with his fans and writes the best tv out there). i wonder when we'll find out who wins those premiere party tickets.. fingers crossed that it's someone on here!
jennifer tyler - i couldn't agree with you more!  i would love to have the commentaries and features.  i would definitely purchase new copies just for the extras.
wish i was in austin right now getting ready to party down...
yeah the theme of the day has seemed to be a grand every two minutes.
@marci, hahaha, thank you for all your help and for giving me the "out" (if i could put a blushing smiley here i would). see you at sdcc! i'll be the crazy girl dressed up as vmars... oh wait...
here*
90909 seems pretty easily doable
i've been her about ten minutes, minutes and we have made five thousand in that time.
omg we broke the record and i missed it. there are no words for how awesome it is. can we make it to 90.909?
i'm so excited to see so many other fans!! and everyone is so encouraging!! i'm glad i could do my part!!! 90909 here we come!!!
and now it's $5,544,555.  lots of 5s and 4s!
$5,544,444... weird.
@james, ryan looked so different on 2 broke girls.  the only reason i recognized him was because i watched friends with benefits on netflix.
my favourite vm fan vid :) a few favourite moments & quotes http://youtu.be/kquqnyda1vq
the first thing i did when i heard about the campaign (after pledging of course) was re-watch all 64 glorious episodes and all the special features on my dvds in anticipation.  is it too much to hope there's more extras that rob has that never made it to the dvds that will make the movie extras? i admit i'll buy all new sets of the show if they re-released & packed them with commentaries and features like wb should have the first time!  normally i hate when that happens, but this would be money well spent!
@kate bye! have a great night, lady!
could we really get up to 6mil? 90k?
@lily yes, in impressive fashion.
@ andre, they'll attempt a charge on your credit card in about 5 hours. :)
andre - 5 hrs time - but - you generally have a week to remake the payment. but it will show as an attempted draw on your account in 5 hrs.
@chelsea, well, that explains it. at least you got it!! : ) that's what's important. we'll just call it overexcitment brain freeze for you. lol congrats!
after the close
omg we broke the record!!!!!!!!!!
when do they charge for the pledge?
@katherine @marci i'm an idiot. i used my other email address to set up the other kickstarter account. which means that the email was sent to that email address. not to the one i was checking. *facepalm*
anyone here ever watched 2 broke girls? i flipped out laughing when i  first saw the vm kickstrarter intro thinking hey i know him (ryan) then realizing where i knew him from aside from veronica mars of course.  he played candy andy carolines boy friend... for a while at least.
@chelsea, yeah if it's showing that then seems you should have it. i know a lot of people were confused because they are showing they pledged the amount for a certain package, but not showing that they have the package they tried to get. when that's the case, they sold out before it processed. sounds like for you, it's showing properly. did you check your junk e-mail for the confirmation from kickstarter. that's where mine ended up.
@kate bye!
@phil thanks for the bright side
@backup i work nights mostly so laundry and kitchen time and this board take up a loooot of the day.
alright well i'm off. the nationals are playing the braves tonight. good luck and i love you all. vm fans rule the world.
holy cow! i slept for a few hours and both the pledges and backers went up like crazy! so proud of us!!
do you think it is possible to get 6 million in five hours?
@mike i'm pretty sure its going to be the retail version.
@phil. i actually have a life. work at home couple days a week and lots of boring conf calls. this obsession has been entertaining
@jennifer tyler - hahaha.  man - i so can't wait to relive her beautiful, beautiful snark!
i need to stop coming back here im geting reward envy again lol
does anyone know if the dvd/blu ray is a kickstarter exclusive or if it will be the same as in retail?
@marci it is highlighted for me and says that's what i've selected. i did get the confirmation page. thanks for the info!!! i'll contact kickstarter to see what's going on.
@backup a lot of new faces today it seems? glad to see the old standbyes ;-)
88,061 yay!
well done all on the record! can't wait for the movie!
@candice, you'll be here for 90909
omg, we beat the record, and i missed it.
@ emily w upchuck?  ;  )
that's a very low estimate but i'm thinking it'll taper eventually
@phil. i knocked on wood. we are good last twitter bomb push
all right y'all, i'm gonna drive home and stop by the grocery store on the way...when i open up my computer again i want to see at least 88500!
total
what?! i come back from lunch (and a big rush back at the credit union) and not only have we met and passed the backer goal but we're well past 5.5 million? and rob thomas commented on this board and i missed it? ...happy friday, everybody! i'm so thrilled! what a nice cap on the week. congrats, rob and kristen! :)
@katherine, also, i messaged rob so i'll let you know if i hear back from him! if they don't get back to us by the time the kickstarter ends to clarify, i don't think they can renege on those packages...
@balabanto i suspect we'll do about 5575000
i've just woken up (it's nearly 7am here in oz). wow - thought i'd see the 87143 tick over, but no. it was smashed a while ago. congratulations!!!!!!! to us.
@balabanto 460000 what?
@phil: 6 hours + 5 minutes.
@chelsea @katherine i received my kickstarter confirmation for sdcc package. is it showing you a highlight and "you selected" on that pledge package or just showing the amount for the package under manage your pledge? if it's not showing, then you didn't get it. if it is showing you for that specific package then you should contact kickstarter. i had the problem yesterday with going through the full process, i had the ticket and then when it finally fully processed it said they were gone and i didn't get it. if you got a congratulations page when it processed you did get it, if not it likely sold out before fully processing. i think the system was overwhelmed.
i hope rob thomas doesn't shut it down. i want as much $ as possible.
can we get 460000 before the end? it would be sweet.
yeah i'm seeing 90909 as pretty much a slam dunk... hope i didn't curse it though.
we're slowing down :( we were gonna make 90909 easily but it's going to be tight now!
ok it's coming up to five hours so as of right now we need 382 an hour.
we will get 90909 easily
@katherine--ditto, got a different package as well so i'm worried about duplicating and spending the additional $150 without getting the sdcc package
yea mark l back in time to 2007 when things ended haha
333 per hour
long-time reader, first-time poster.  so excited.  so proud to be a marshmallow.  here's what i'm thinking - this project has over 200,000 likes, maybe those 100,000+ people are just waiting until the very, very last minute to make their donation.  if so, it's time to upchuck the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie the beat.  come on guys, let's raise the le baron roof - break the 100,000 backer ceiling and the $6,000,000 jackpot!!!
... or 7.9 backers per minute. that's doable, people! bring it on! bring it on. yeah!
@thomas no, we need 300 and change
woo hoo!
88000
hey we got the delorean up to 88[k], i guess she's going back in time :)
88000 :d
88,000! sweet. let's keep it going.
88,000! wtg marshmellows!
@chelsea ok thx. :/ it's a second package for me. so i don't really want duplicate items (shirt, etc) if i can't go to sdcc
correct me if i'm wrong but rob has been doing a documentry "ala the real world" where a film crew follows him around since day one of the kickstarter until the end tonight.  so eventually we will get to see his reaction to the first time hearing/seeing the last record broken right?
@thomas we only need about 472 per hour.
congratulations!!! have fun making the movie and i can't wait to see you all at sdcc!
we need about 1500 backers per hour if we're going to get to 90909 by 11:00 edt. c'mon now sugar!
i'm amazed that the numbers are still climbing. wow. just wow.
@quintin happy early birthday!! i know i wished i could have pledged more also, but at least we helped
@katherine--i wish i knew! :( it's been driving me crazy for the past three hours trying to figure it out! i'm not sure if anyone else got the confirmation email either? i guess someone emailed rob about it this morning and he said there was a glitch, but there's still a lot of uncertainty >.<
@chelsea, i just realized i didn't get conf email from kick starter either for getting sdcc package. but when i log into kick starter it says that's the reward i pledged. so....does that mean i have it? or not????
i read that party down atually is a veronica mars reunion so i started watching it- and it's soooo true!  is there a veronica mars character that is not appearing on party down at some point? lol
what is up - i expected news story - some kind of media attention or coverage - are they waiting until the final hour or what
www.marinvestigations.net needs to add a new $6 million goal! :d
we need a veronica mars world, like westworld (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westworld), but without the robotic failures.
i am so unbelievably happy with how far this project has come and that veronica mars is going to get a movie. amazing job to all the backers and to the cast and rob and everyone who has started to and is going to be working on this movie. so much work and so worth it. we alllll deserve this movie. way to go everyone
almost 88,000! lets beat 90909!!
exactly 3000 to get to 90909, and we still have over 6 hours, come on marshmallows!!!
@backupismydog i posted it so i must be just as old :)
i've rewatched the entire series twice since the this kickstarter project began. i wonder how many times i'll rewatch it before the movie comes out :d i don't care how feasible it may or may not seem. my goal is 90909 backers or $6 million :) as i write this comment that is an additional $467,560 or 3,088 backers. that would be approximately $152 per donation if we wanted to hit both at the same time. :d given the choice, i'm aiming for the $6 million. more $$$ = bigger and better movie. c'mon marshmallows!! if just over half of us can find one friend to donate $10, we'll hit $6 million. get on facebook, twitter, youtube, tumblr, instagram, etc and call out your friends. if you've ever bought someone lunch, loaned them money. supported them in something that was important to them, or as kristen would say, given them a stick of gum now is the time to collect!! nothing is impossible! make it worth your friends time to donate the $10 just to make them stop calling them haha :)
been watching this from day one. never got around to backing. better late than never!
what a great birthday gift. love to be part of this and can`t wait to see the movie.
yay for breaking the record! any additional news from rob on those of us who didn't receive an email confirmation from kickstarter on one of the limited backer packages (despite being brought to the confirmation page and kickstarter currently indicating that we're receiving a particular package)?
@tina. i love that song. how old am i?  scary
wow!! i'm watching roswell now and i just saw a young jason!! aka logan! haha that's awesome!
700ish backers in an hour, right?  pretty awesome.
it's the final countdown http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jason nothing is set... he can't promise any of that yet... per rob in an interview.
so are we guaranteed a san diego shoot with all the money we have raised?
i agree with henna so proud. vm deserved 1-2 more seasons at least and this movie will help ease the pain of its loss. wish i could of donated more but hard times right now. but its my birthday on sunday turning a crazy 30. and my best birthday present will be this movie getting made and breaking all the records. i know we can do it. and i know we will break another record in a year or so with the biggest opening weekend of a kickstart movie ever.
@michelle cheers hon and yay! we did it!
unfortunately, i have class from 5-10. i can't watch the end with you guys. but i'm so proud. i love you all. hopefully we get an 09 somewhere in the end, if not the goal. <3 rock on marshmallows!!
ahhhhhhhhhhhh this is so exciting!!! record breaking all around!  wooooooohoooooooooooo.  totally geeking out.  can't wait to have my vm marathon and watch the movie.
so proud to be a part of this project.
@michael that was a handy piece of information!
@ sandy - thanks, i could not remember and did not want to say something wrong!
for those of you wondering why the number sometimes shoots down after shooting up: sites like these need multiple databases in case of failure: the running total is something that has to propagated from database to database and this takes time.  every time you update, you hit a random database, so every once in awhile, you hit it before it's been updated with the latest total (which could be different from the last/updated database you hit).  yes, mac was one of my favorite characters.....
i love how we've surpassed even the highest projection from kicktraq: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-exp-projection
@tanya i think rico is directing that one.
@robyn or more sdcc packages ;)
just ordered the whole series from amazon - i know what i will be watching non-stop until the movie comes out
@patrick i have a feeling he'll be needing to tell us in the afternoon ;-)
we did it!
@jason... or bum fight...
irish marshmallows are delighted with all this record breaking! hope everyone has a great night in austin. tell us all about it in the morning rob.
@phil....lemme just check the couch cushions here....=p
@ julia - i know, i did what i could and am attempting to get the word out.  it looks like a cool project, wish i was in a city to see it!
@ vfl bochum supporter close :p too bad bochum and dortmund aren't in the same league right now,unfortunately
wow, i fall asleep and the backer count just soared. i've never been so proud to be a marshmallow in my life. way to go everyone. if we hit 90909 i say we find that dog beach and have a party!
as memory serves... these tend to continue heating up until the very last hour and then taper.
90,000 seems attainable. 100,000?..long shot, but not impossible in 6 hours.
quick, someone kick in 5 million...
currently our average donation per backer is $63 so if that holds and we make the 90909 backers then who ever said $5.7mil did there maths right
forums of ks=forms of ks
apparently the only record not broken is pebble's total of 10 million dollars! what a great month for us veronica mars fans! can't wait to be able to see this movie! congrats to all!
obsidian has 62k comments. it's been closed for a while,but the number of comments tends to drop off drastically a day or two after the end, particularly if the project has a forum or similar to discuss it (as is common for most video game ks) so i suspect the number was at least 50k at around closing. i don't know much about other forums of ks, but as my examples illustrated 15k comments is really not that many compared to an active and highly successful video game ks.  (although the one hardware ks i backed has very few comments.) even lowly divinity has already beaten us. amongst other things, there's a lot more to discuss for most video games at the ks stage, and project creators/developers are a lot more able to take on board suggestions and offer comments on what they're doing. backers are also i expect on average more likely to be interested in using the comment section.
@pacey new goal 90909 backers
congratulations on being the most backed kickstarter ever!! all records smashed. hope you guys are having an excellent party!
@julia @stinusmeret that's a relief.  i'm certainly anxious for this project to be as well funded as possible.
i've got to second jennifer tyler's comment: rob, kristen, jason & co.- never forget: our love for you is epic. spanning years and continents, lives ruined, blood shed. epic!!!! i couldn't have said it better myself jennifer!
omg, omg, we did it!!! i'm so thrilled and am so looking forward to this movie!! greetings to every fellow backer from a german marshmallow.
wow i hadnt checked since late last night, awesome
@tanya it would be a shame for that one to be so close and not make it.
@james speaking of which they just did an update, which doesn't say much of anything at all. i also don't think they'll get funded though i wish her all the best. (i'm backing at $1 for updates more than anything else) i just don't think she has the cache to pull it off without it being a known entity (like a sabrina movie), and there isn't enough detail or info to make you think "yup i can get behind that". she needs to look at some of the game ks's are learn from them. quickly.
@pacey shattered.
amazon has all three seasons 40% off. kristen posted the link on her twiiter.
holy shit is this the record already?
on the note of more projects that are worth looking into  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1718549021/i-wasnt-trying-to-be-funny if i am not mistaken enrico is attached to this or a friend at least.
@phil me too, this page has been my home page on my laptop and cell phone for the past month :) really addictive watching those number go up
@ agnetha ... hmmm, alemania aachen? :-p
@amy i soooo want this to be over because i'm constantly checking the totals... i need to be more mobile lol
i don't want this to ever be over :') this kick started campaign has sort of been my life for the past month :)
holy broken record batman!!!!
once again, so awesome on the 87,143! on rather unrelated note, if anyone likes salamanders, helping them out (and perhaps helping to get a trace more protection for berkshire mtn forests): http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/827197836/documenting-rare-species-blue-spotted-jefferson-sa they need $2000 over the next 2.5 days.
there is indeed no way that i could find in the faq where you can close a kickstarter before its designated end time. besides the more money, the better a movie we get! :d
i can't believe the support!  i love it, fellow marshmallows!
@ vfl bochum supporter: hi fellow german marshmellow :) but i have to say i prefer black and yellow over blue and white :)
@robyn, i think it's the end of the road for new big money tiers... just drops in the bucket... we have to hope for as many 50 dollarish pleges as possible.
@michael matzat i'm kinda one too (british but living in germany)
unfortunately... my migraine is getting worse as i sit here watching the counter... going to take a nap. be back with a new 2-hour total at 5pm ct.
i spent a few minutes watching the totals go up and up and up. too bad we can't let this go on until the movie starts shooting.
sadly robert i don't see the darci project being successfully funded not at the rate its going and thats even counting the fact that she gave her project 44 days instead of 30
broken record! let's work on 6 million.
@limeyland i'm pretty sure he was joking. i don't think you can pull the plug on a kickstarter other than the cancel it altogether.
@lauren, i didn't think about it! these are also very different projects, since with tech most people pledge very high in order to get the toy they want to play with, while with a movie you get smaller pledges but way more backers. anyway, it's amazing how crowdfounding for all those creatively sparkling people broke each and every producer rule... congrats to everyone!
while the idea of 90,909 is cool, i hope he doesn't really pull the plug there.  more backers=more money=more movie
so exciting to see some of the names 'penciled in' for the movie: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2771372/
logan better shave of that stach and i'm looking forward to this soo much!!! do you really have to make a move? can't you make another few seasons instead? veronica mars<3
i am actually contemplating setting my alarm to 03:50 so i can spend the last 10 minutes of the kickstarter with you guys. though that could possibly suck if i’ve miscalculated :d haha
i know a bunch of german people that are on this. :)
@tigernightmare got it! thanks!
@vfl bochum supporter glad to see there are other marshmallows in germany!
@rob thomas: if you're reading this... we need more high level tiers! it will really bring up our final total! how hard would it be to have one more fan get a line in the show?????????? how hard would it be to have one more extra wear a nametag at the reunion that has a name on it chosen by a fan??????? think about it! there are lots of things that can bring in straight funding!!!!!!!
@laurie i have a matching avatar.  my skype name is also my display name, so that should help.
rob, kristen, jason & co.- never forget:  our love for you is epic.  spanning  years and continents, lives ruined, blood shed.  epic!!!!
@tigernightmare i finally got back from work and can log onto skype. which tigernightmare are you? didn't you say something about wesleywyndhamprice too?
let´s go marshmallows worldwide, 90909's the limit. greetings from germany´s next topbacker ;-)
from rob's wired interview "wired: what would you think about kickstarting a totally new movie project from scratch that didn’t have that preexisting recognition? rob thomas: it would be so gutsy to do that." exactly how to describe the mjh darci ks
apparently i agree so much i posted it twice!
@ henna it was 87,143.
6 hours to goooooo :)
@tet yoon lee i agree. the difference between this and the current #1 and #2 is the amount of money it costs to actually get the project you are backing. and i don't think this would have been nearly as successful if it cost $100 to get a copy of the movie.
@tet yoon lee i agree. the difference between this and the current #1 and #2 is the amount of money it costs to actually get the project you are backing. and i don't think this would have been nearly as successful if it cost $100 to get a copy of the movie.
heh, marsinvestigations updated the new goal with a description :o)
i don't know what the ks with the most comments is but we're very very far from it. (e.g. torment has 48k. even dreamfall has 32k.) i doubt we have the record for the number of comments in 1-2 mins either.
87,143
hey marshmallows!! there are still 309 limited pledges left. let's see if we can get each of those pledged!!!
for those asking, if that %30 thing is right we would need $6.5mil to clear $5mil
how many backers was it that we needed to break the record?
we need to get to 5,555,555 to have 5mil after kickstarter and amazon, but then a lot will go on the stuff people get too.
broken!!!! woot
the idea of reaching 90909 backers is so cool. i actually think we'll be able to surpass that number. you know what they say about veronica mars fans...impossible isn't in their vocabulary. :)
my last comment for a little while. tell everyone about www.veronicabars.com
it'll be tricky to pull the plug at exactly 90909 though. i barely saw 87,142. how funny would it be if he ended up with 90910+ instead? xd
$28,476 was raised in the last hour, by my count. we need to step it back up to get a super high closing number!
ahhh, i just got home from class and another mid-term. so mad that i couldn't be here to see us break the record. but, yay! has the rate been constant enough to think 90909 is doable?
is there a record for most number of comments or number of comments in a 1-2 min period  cuz i think we might have broken that too lol
i don't see that having more $10k and $5k tiers would have guaranteed us beating the funding record. even if we had 50 $10k tiers, 70 $8k tiers and 100 $5k tiers which is a bit of an insane number of each, and we somehow managed to fill them all, which despite the success of the existing tiers is imo far from given, we'd only have $1.56 million extra (ignoring the tiers freed up at lower levels) which is quite lot more but probably not be enough to push us over the record. $10.27 million is a lot more than where we are now. of course with this kind of project, it's not really clear what sort of reward you can offer so many of worth that much of. (we can presume the reward is a factor, otherwise they'd already be pledging $10k or whatever.) it's really the lower levels say $2000 and under we needed a lot more of (although again it's difficult to know what you can offer that much of). even then, coming back to my earlier point, while we could be higher with more rewards, i'm not convinced that we can be that much higher to so easily beat ~$10.27 million. even if we could magically offer the current rewards in unlimited quantities ultimately each person has an amount/rewards they're able and willing to spend for based on their financial situation etc. worth remembering we could beat the funding record with current backers only pledging for the current unlimited tiers and without pledging above the reward level+shipping. both ouya and pebble made a big percentage of their money at fairly low levels, $125 and below plus $240 and below for pebble, $99 and below and $225 and below for ouya; not counting shipping. they did this of course because they were hardware projects and had a large number of people feeling they were worth that much and so able and willing to spend it. this is always going to be more difficult with a movie (and most video games).
@scarlet kick gets 5% amazon up to 5% and merchandise - postage - cost to handle using a company for. round numbers many of us figured 30% off the top, unless wb kicks in a bit on merch as marketing
3,455 more backers appreciated..
rob tweeted how he loved the idea of geting to 90909 and pulling the plug
32619/ hr to reach 5.75 mil.  last hour was 29,938
@amy the watch does some neat things, i'm not trying to step on it's parade. kickstarter is a heavily tech and game centric site... so what's been done today is pretty substantial.
congrats. i can say i am a backer too. very proud to be part of this project.
@brandy i just upped mine to that too. i also wish i had more to give. well i gave 10 on another account, 'cause i wanted  more stickers.
so if the amount was to freeze right now... 5,517,935 how much of that would go to kickstarter and amazon?  how much is needed to have $5mill clear?
yay!!!! 90,000 here we come!!  7hrs to go mebbe 6 mill if it starts going crazy in last few hours.  more the better hahaha
still have just over 7 hours to go.. anything can happen!!
this will be my 2nd on this link - rob details more on the new script. a good read. http://www.wired.com/underwire/2013/04/rob-thomas-interview-veronica-mars-kickstarter/
@phil pfft i'd rather have a veronica mars movie ;)
@phil the last two hours have had enough backers per hour if we stay at that level... though i accept we may not. but it'd be awesome if we did.
if we reach (and pass) 90909 backers, but stay under 100,000, perhaps rob can find a way to have the 90909 zip code split in two during the movie as a nod to kickstarter backers.
ahhh. alright, i hadn't thought of that.
@shawn wright: 90909 is the 09ers zip code!
another kickstarter including a defense of this one: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1733486695/a-total-disruption-ondi-timoners-portal-for-innova/posts  so great to have such support!
less than 3,500!!
upped my pledge to $50.00 wish i could do more!
hey shawn the 90909 was the zip code on the show
i think $5.7 mil might be the upper ceiling, unless there's a bunch of late money coming in.
@amy a watch that connects to your phone via bluetooth... it's gimmicky..i can see the allure but wouldn't buy one.
@ shawn - zip code of the 09ers in the tv show
@shawn, 09'ers
i know...i guess i just keep hoping that people are saving their money for that last second glory...
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-daily
i'd like to know how they came up with the latest goal on marsinvestigations.net. is there something special about passing 90,909 backers?
the fact is it beat the record that matters... more people wanted this movie than anything else ever on kickstarter. by a lot....
@susan $6 is a bit lofty right now.  ~67395 /hr, and the last hr was just under 30k
what's a pebble watch & do i want one? :')
about 3500 more til 90909. it can be done marshmallows. i think we all know, it can be done. =)
welcome to the 900 new backers that jumped on board the crazy train that's vm kickstarter movie project in the last hour! to get to 90,909 we only need 500/hour, so definitely doable. every single one counts......
gotta love marsinvestigations' "new backers per day" graph...ah yes, the kickstarter record red line...that is a glorious image, marshmellows
@heather it hasn't beat every record. the pebble watch raised 10.2 million dollars.
sorry that was directed @ susannah
@susan it's gonna have to ramp up quite a bit...
im so amazed by how big this got and all the support out there.. marshmallows really are the best fans huh? :)
the marsinvestigations.net 'goal' for backers has moved to 90909. hee.
how did i not know about this sooner? http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week  i have been doing the math myself all week!  spaz.
marsinvestigations.net - you are all awesome!  thank you!
@ amy lol! that would be tragic.
you guys is 6 million an actual realistic goal???  maybe???
i can't believe, veronica mars fans, beat every record out there on kickstarter. veronica mars fans rule anyway. i love the show and now can't wait for the movie. its going to be epic. glad to be a part of it.
holy cow marshmallows! you guys are awesome. now lets get 90909!
@nikz he did have the documentary crew with him while we passed the record, so if doesnt send it to us it will at lest be on the documentary
now is the time to just hope it keeps chugging and revel in what has been accomplished.
soooo happy we broke the record!!!!!!! congrats to everybody who helped out!!
90910 would be so annoying :')
reached....and counting :) go for veronica mars!
kudos to the mars investigation site...i love it when someone else takes care of all the math!
3561 backers to go for the 90909
lets start raising for the sequel!!!
we all together have made the record! i'm proud of us. omgomgomg *can't stop the jig*
why stop there? break 100000
$6 mill is looking rough, it would take ~ $66955 an hour, last hour was $28630
+200 overshoot or 3566 short of 90909
would've loved to see rob's reaction(and his white board's reaction) to the backer record. any vid reactions rob? :d
nice to come home to see that the total backers record has been broken. so proud of my veronica mars family! you all are awesome!!! so, we're now shooting for 90909 right? how fun would that be?
also that site is fantastic btw, i have way too much fun playing with the graphs...
this morning (it's 9:45pm here) i doubted we could beat the record. now i totally think we can get to 90909!  never thought staring at a counter could be so exciting! :d
hellooo to whoever is updating the marsinvestigations site... can you add a new $ goal for 5.75 mil?
reached
i just looked and saw the goal has been released i danced in the bus when i found out. :d
just increased my pledge from 100 to 200 before i had to much time to rationally think about my decision. yay!
we could beat that!  just give us some updated casting news, and let's make with the fan packages for those actors (a la logan!)  ; )
i  looked at the wikipedia thing and if i am reading it correctly this is the highest grossing movie project on kickstarter.. that's something to be proud of!!!! thank you rob thomas!!!!!!
so overwhelmed and emotional now. i just had to up my pledge, it's a once in a lifetime chance to have those signatures on my poster.
i wonder if we will get one more update today from rob?  i am so excited for him and all of us fans!!!
how much money has been pledged so far today? 400k? do we reckon this could get 6 million before it finishes?
kickstarters twitter: congrats to @robthomas @imkristenbell and the 87,293+ backers of @veronicamars on breaking @doublefine's record for most backers!
marshmallow = making the impossible possible... so glad to be part of this amazing project :)
@doug @james well one of the problems with the mjh ks is that its just banking on love for mjh, compared to the love of a show like vm. i suspect very few international people will back the mjh ks because they aren't going to provide downloads or dvds outside of the us.
there will probably be a whole year of continuing to comment on here, so we have plenty of time to reach those 50k and 70k comments levels ;o)
@rob thomas: is there any way to keep pledging open after tonight??????? i think we can get enough for an amazing wide release if we keep going for another month!
i can't believe we beat the backers goal!  i'm so proud to be a veronica mars fan!
counting down to party time! www.veronicabars.com
i'm out for a bit... i'll see you all in about 6 hours, and we can squeal uncontrollably together :)
kudos to @tigernightmare,   thanks bud for setting that up.. had a great time @michelle,  are you the michelle hamilton i know from san diego?
hah
ouya has 25,143 comments. then again they've been around for over a year and many of those are complaints..we can beat that if we really wanted to
yay! go out to mail a letter - and return to find the dream come true! i believe this technically means we all rock.
15000 comments!
@tabetha, that would actually be funny
anyone knows who is running..http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week...they just threw up the 90909 goal...it's a great site.
ok.  so, someone, more savvy than i in the ways of making a meme, needs to create one of those fry-shut-up-and-take-my-money memes and it should go thusly:  have a picture of rob thomas and kristen bell with the caption saying, "they ask fans to fund a veronica mars movie".  then, there needs to be the typical fry picture with "shut up and take my money". then, below that, there needs to be a black box with white lettering "replied the entire internet."
@tabetha some of the game ones had 70,000 comments
the sky is the limit!
this is so amazing! <3 and it just keeps getting better!
@robert: unfortunately no... "torment" has about 50,000
today is crazy – not only did we break the record and a lot of money has been pledged. you guys are amazing and my local football team (soccer to you americans out there) just won??? (we usually loose). great day!
such a sense of community with this project!  i love it! <3
hm... marshmellows... we need s'more backers so we can reach 90909
@tabetha not even close.
32,407/hr for 5.75 mil
i wonder if we did break the record for most comments?  does anyone know?
okay, people.  i love you all.  i love this project.  but i have to go be productive now.  i'll be back!!!
onward to 90909! lots of premium level, cool-as-hell rewards open! give give give, snag snag snag!
so the goal then has been updated to 90909 backers http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
@eleonora the pebble and ouya went for more than 30 days (38 and 44 respectively).
rob thomas: i love this idea of getting to 90909 and just pulling the plug! man, i'm riding a high. what a great community of fans we have.
i am so hyper right now. congratulations marshmallows!
now if enough of the $1 backers up their pledge to the $10 limit, they will get stickers and we will hit 6 million easy! come on dollar backers! do what you can, if you can!
@jennifer: haha, you got three answers! :p
also breaking the record for most comments? vmars fans are the best!
@james: and, yet... mjh's project is still trying to get off the start line.
guys rob tweeted that he loves the 90909 idea let's make it happen!!! spread the word vm fans unite!!!
let's see how many people are showing the pebble e watch to their grand children 20 years from now.
i agree w/ michael.. some one snag each of those limited ones!!!
496/hr to get 90909
bueller?  anyone know?
vm fans rules! go marshmallows!
i cant believe i missed it... i started cooking and completely missed it! arrrrgggg.... but yay!
@james ross if 15,000 is the record for most comments, here's my contribution to beating that one!
@rob thomas ... "this is so much fun!" and you get to make a vm movie!  wow, ain't life sweet? congratulations.  now, make us proud with an oscar winning vm movie
thank you, rob!!!! :) it is really amazing! you are bringing us so much joy!!!
@jennifer: the pebble at $10m. with change, as kristen would say.
i've been watching as we beat the old record. awesome! now 90909! let's go!
we can so reach 90909
i love that this ticker is still moving non stop even though we hit the goal!!
@jennifer tyler http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter#top_projects_by_funds_raised
how could anyone have ever doubted!!
mr. rob thomas, your army awaits for further instruction! lol
i can't believe it! i honestly doubted we would break the backer goal. congrats, rob and everyone else who made this possible.
@jennifer: pebble watch. over 10 million
omg this is so awesome!  i keep checking and the numbers are going up like crazy!  such a proud fan
wow! i haven't been this excited in a long time. who would have thought giving money away would be so much fun.
woo hoo. way to go gang!
90909 here we come!!!
@fiatluxury awesome :-)
what was the #1 money funded project so far again?
love ya, rob! thanks for giving us a shot!
i got a screenshot at 87,142 and 87,145 ; missed 87,143..
yay!! go marshmallows! :-) so exciting!!
yay, rob! you should make another video announcement! change your whiteboard!
woo! i was busy making dinner and my page stopped auto-refreshing, so i just manually refreshed, stared at the numbers for a moment and then got a ridiculously big grin on my face. may i repeat: woo! :)
i think rob thomas inspires a lot of people.
rob's tweet:  rob thomas ‏@robthomas 3m we did it! we did it! this is amazing! you all are amazing! my phone is vibrating non-stop. this is so much fun!
a very happy marshmallow here!!! congrats & thanks, rob & kristen!!!! :-)
drive save jesca!
*crack*  - bye bye old ks records, hello to the new bar!
i think rob thomas just created new industry. big hollywood feature films funded by fans
someone snag that hometown premiere already!
@eleonara yeah but the product ouya shipped was garbage so let's hope rob does better with his money.
"we used to be friends and i never forgot about you at all" the motto for 87k people. well done guys!!!
we did it! we did it! this is amazing! you all are amazing! my phone is vibrating non-stop. this is so much fun!
rob wants 90909: lets get 90909!
another milestone is close. 15,000 comments :o))
3677 until 90909
seriously, could we reach 100k
@rob thomas: we did it! we did it! this is amazing! you all are amazing! my phone is vibrating non-stop. this is so much fun!
time for me to drive home in the ice...cyou all soon!
i love that number just going up!!
(still, for the technology buffs the pebble watch and ouya still takes the credit as the most funded kickstarter projects! but as far as art and entertainment goes... congrats to rob thomas and double fine for these exciting achievements!)
yayyy we did it! so rad!!!
this is so amazing!!!
next stop: 90,909 backers!
6 million would be perfect to me.
this movie is going to be so great! i'm super excited!!
i was skeptical that we were gonna make 87, 143 but we smashed it!
now i just hope someone would make a kindred the embraced reboot series, another show that got cancelled to fast.
so excited to be a part of this!
527 an hour....hope we make it!
so proud to be a part of this amazing fandom :')
hey would you look at that the numbers just keep going higher n higher for both teeheehee
we are smashing the record for backers!!!!!!!!!!!! let's smash all hopes and dreams for how much we can raise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so exciting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
annnd it just keeps chugging along...
@echo i don't think we'll ever know who clicked first... like 50 backers were pushed through right at that moment
90909 is the fictional zip code for the part of neptune where wealthy people live in the vm universe
we did it you guys! this is the best fandom
seriously though, 90909. that would be too perfect.
i can't believe it! i'm so excited. let's keep going and leave that record in the dust!
now we need to use all the available # of # options! come on marshmallows!!! we can do this!!!
so .. how do we know who the 87143 backer was??!!
record reached with 7 hours to go - whoo hoo!!
09 ers i am assuming!?
marsmellows all over the world - united we stand .
wow we did it! so glad to be a part of this!!
@susan hey, we did $1 mil in less than 5 hours on day one!
we have done the impossible, and that makes us mighty.
90909 is the zip code
that was about 4+ pages of comments at one, haha
look at that! we are on fire!!!
90k here we come! now who wants to take bets on $6mil
congratulations marshamallows! 90909 would be awesome!
my internet choked and i missed it... congrats all :o)
@jaimie 09er zip code
way to go marshmallows!!!
how i wish we could see rt's face right now.
oo nvm i get it!
i'm so happy vm fans are so dedicated! yaaaaaay!
did anyone get a screenshot of the 143? mine landed on 144
pump it.... (louder)
anyone think that a little less than 500,000 could be done in 7 1/2 hours?  a cool 6 mil would be so...cool.
+50
i have never loved another show as much as i love this one!  i am so proud to be part of this, to sport the shirt, and to have the stickers all over everything!
you said it @christopher: my mind is blown!!! way to go everybody!
i am sorry for being dumb.. but i have to ask: why are people wanting to get to 90909?? (sorry lol)
@stromfury no let's save 3000's pockets for popcorn!
we did it, marshmallows!  and we are continuing to smash the record. i actually refreshed the page at 87,142...pretty cool.
welp, 3700 more to 90909.  hee!  7 hours to go!  5.5m! madness!
we have time! 90909!!! ha ha ha.
we did it! the number showed up just when i was re-watching the main video and kristen asked: any suggestions, rob?  i think rob had a great suggestion :p
logging off to do some work - see you guys here for the final countdown tonight congrats again everyone
wooohoooooo!!!! yea baby! marshmellows are the best!!
we probably also broke the record for most simultaneous comment postings :p
we made it my 'used to be friends' :)
amazing. just amazing!
do you think we could maneuver it so that we stopped as soon as we hit 90909 backers?  that would be pretty sweet.
@melanie: 09-ers zipcode
we did it!!! most backers in kick stater history!!!
i look away for one minute and look what happens! go marshmallows! woo! if you're going down to austin tonight have a great night and drink to all of us who can't make it!
first kickstarter comment ever: watching veronica mars smash all these ks records has been pretty frakkin' fun. congrats to everyone.
i'm really happy, yesterday i was quite skeptical! kisses from italy!
wouldn't it be amazing to make it to 90,909?
this is just wonderful :-) couldn´t work much today but checking the counter was just great!!!
let's go for 90,909!!!
next up, 90909!
really awesome, most successful kickstarter ever i assume
hook em horns!
wow 5.5 mil! very nice. let's hit 90k backers! :)
and....it just keeps going!
@tiger, thanks for letting us share that with rob
7 and a half hours to 3734 more to 90909
we did it!
longhorns and marshmallows collide to make snarky history.
all still intended backers ...who told you to stop lol :x we like the fact that we totally forgot to check the pledged amount...which is already well over 5.5 by now haha
it's done!! woohoo!! congrats to rob! your dream is now a reality!!
wooohooooooo!!! :d
how high can we go, marshmallows?
and the crowd goes wild!!!
keep it going! smash the record!
high five! :-d
veronica mars, champion of kickstarter, champion of your heart.
biggest project in the entire universe!! we made it!
veronica mars fans are the best fans in the world!
woohooo!!!!!!!!!!1
yay we did it!!!
yessssss!!!!
madness. i love it! congrats everyone :)
@valerie: omg yes! that would be perfect xd i would actually say no to more backers if we managed to get 90909 on the dot xd
yay!!!! woo hoo!!!!!!!!
we did it!
veronica mars. the show that launched 87,143 backers! brought it on! brought it on! yeah!!
90909 or bust!
and in the end...it wasn't even close...not even a race! what else would you like us to do rob? seems like the sky is the limit!
let try to hit that 90909!
mars fans are amazing! onward to 90909! lol
love you rob, kristen and jason for this!!!! thanks!!!
wow!  amazing!!!  congrats everyone.
congratulations! this is so f***ing awesome :)
with 7 hours to spare! :)
omg, wow. my mind is blown. well done marshmallows, what an awesome surprise to check on my screen at work @dalybear
it is so exciting to be part of this!!!
woohoo!!
use www.veronicabars.com to track the party tweets tonight! yes, that is veronica bars dot com
woohooooooo!!! so happy!!! congrats all!!
congratulations on breaking every single record! so very excited. you have no idea how much this movie means to me!
can't believe we've broken the record!!!
3741 more to reach 90909...
record breakers!!!
broke all the records!!
yea!!
we did it!!!!!
yay! <3
well done! knew we could do it!!! xxx
and 87143 marshmallows all screamed for joy!
vm fans?  we rock!  awesome job to everyone who made this happen!!!
yes group hug !!!!!!!!!
yay us!!!!
now 90,909
boom.  we did it.
waaahh hooooooo!!!!!!  we marshmallows rock.  give us another record to break, rob!!  there's still 7 hours left!  lol
hot damn!!!
we made it!!!!!!!! we freaking rule!!!!
now just need around 3,700 more
we did it!!!!!!!!!!
this is it!!!!!!!!!!!!! we did it marshmallows!!!
*cough* well over it by now haha
congratulations!!!!!!
sooooooo, onwards to six million. who just raised their pledge to make it happen?
holy cow!
@tracy i have to admit, it took me a bit to long too :)
nailed it!
now!   3:31 eastern time!!  we did it!!!  weeeee!!!
i think i'm actually feeling giddy right about now! to see that the vm fans have rallied and raised over $5.5 million and have surpassed the kickstarter record for the most backers ever....is simply amazing! i just cannot even express how awesome this is! :) hmmm, new goal! let's hit $6 million! i mean, we need a new goal to shoot for over the course of the next 7 hours :d
we did it
yaaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!
and boom goes the dynamite! and then some! congratulations! we rock!
congrats boys and girls!! :)
and we did it!!!!!!!!
boom goes the dynamite.
we are all far too cool for school backers record ya'll!!!! $6,000,000 and 90909 here we come!
we have broken all the records!!!
boom, goes the dynamite!
woohoo!
ok that was brilliant.
yay!!!!! we did it!!!
group hug?
yesssss!!!!!!!!
congrats yancy for breaking the record!
that's it!!
w00t!
i mean yey we did it! 87155
we did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
we did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =d
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
congratulations marshmallows! we are awesome! :)
and counting!!!! - 90909 here we come!!!
woooo!!!!
and were off.....
yay!!!!!!!!
woohoo! record broken!
and that's how it's done
wahoo!!!!!!!!!! way to go, marshmellows!!!!!
bazinga !
@tracy i still don't get it. o.o
we did it!
we broke the record!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes !!!
win
mission accomplished! :d
yeah!!!
and the all time winner is - all veronica mars fans yeah
did it!
we did it!!!!!
congrats rob! amazing stuff.
yaaayyyyy
yesssss!!! we did it!!!!!
wooooo!!!!
bingo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wooooooo
here we go!
we did it!!! =)
yeah!!
yay!!! i think we made it!!!
and were done
yeaaaaaaaah!!!!
huzzah!!!! great job marshmallows.
way to go marshmallows!
we did it!!!!
veronica mars. the face that launched 87,143 backers!
yeehaw.
and there we go!
we did it!!!!!!
wooohoo!
hell yeah!
last 1
ahhhh! we did it!
omg how amazing!!! congrats rob & kristen for breaking so many records! i can't even wait for this movie... $5.5 million and still more than 6 hours to go. record breaking number of backers... amazing! :)
we've done it, guys!
record broken!!!!!!
i so don't want to be a negative nancy, but i just didn't think we'd pull this last one off. when rob said five million, i thought "no way that's going to happen" and we did it. then when he announced this ultimate goal, even a day ago it seemed out of reach. and now we just did it. congrats, marshmallows! revel in this. we are getting a kicka** movie, we shattered all records...we kind of rock! =)
yes!!! we did it!!  all of us together!!!!
hell yeah! austin 3.16 just whooped your ass!
we did it !!! :o))
yay!!!!!
oh my holy awesomeness. i love each and every one of your pretty little faces. there, i said it.
and it's done. simply amazing
wooooooohooooo
gooooooaaaaaaaaaalllllllll!!!!
woot! we love you rob and kristen for letting us get this movie done!
yay!! we did it!!!!
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
there!
woohoo!
woo and indeed hoo! congratulations everyone!
aaaand kablooie! 87145. we did it! woohoo! and now for 6 million :-)
frell yeah!!! that's what i'm talking about!!! we did it!!!
yaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy!!!! we did it! i'm so excited!!!  :-d
there!
we did it
yea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
87143+ brand new record!!!!! woooooooo!!!!!!! marshmallow revolution!!!!  bring on the 90909!!!
87,143 ding ding ding ding ding ;-) and the new record holder is veronica mars! with 7 & 1/2 hours remaining. 90909 backers would be so sweet. congratulations marshmellows!
just remember me when..... we broke the record!!!!!!!!!!!!
crazy!!
and...
...official gone beyond the backers for the fine folks at double fine! :)
87143 yeah!!!!
bammmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!  woooo hooooooo  we got it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
flawless victory!
wooooo!
almost there!!! <3
yay!!!
ladies and gentlemens, we officially established a new all-time record ! congratulations to everyone :d
i can't believe we are doing this early!
yay!!!!
5!
the suspense!!!
almost...!
i can't stop watching the ticker now...this is so..ahh just jumped to 87,136
who's gonna be 142? :)
so close!!!
holy crap!!! on to 90,909!
10
the internets are about to break...
@michelle chris lowell !!
here we go.....
13
omg omg omg - trying so hard to look like i am working
omg........
nicely done!
i can't take it!!!
90,909 anyone?
countdown!
well, almost
i hate myself a little that i just finally got why people are shooting for 90909...
get ready for the confetti
any minute......
we did it!!!
omg so exciting
25
blasting some we used to be friends in honor of this momentous occasion!
25
almost there. i can even.
we're gonna do it!!!
the firs project i support and the being part of this! *happy*
37
oh my gosh, i just came by to check and we're going to be there in moments!!!!
how do you join a skype party?
@joey i want to join you, but i’m afraid i’ll miss it if i go put the cd on :s the music have to wait eeeeeeeeeeeeeeek this is so awesome
whats the skype address? come on folks, share the luv!!
and here we go....
42
add tigernightmare on skype :)
always hated math. never thought numbers could be so exciting
okay i agree let's go for 90909!!!
@amy: you're welcome :) loved that kiss and the music with it... @carole: in my head rory met jess on her tour for obama and they ended up together... :d i was so happy she said no to logan, not because i dislike him, but it would have been way to early for her to get married...
@lauren i completely agree with you.
eeep! i want to stay humble but we are going to crush it!!
add tigernightmare as a contact
ahhhh!!!!
omg were going to crush this record!!
whoa now any second 87,143
42
how cool would it be if stephen king busted out a million dollar pledge to be the last backer? cameo for sure
@michael i would but i'm in class! silently screaming though
44
i cant get on skype at work but im jealous, i'd love to get on the countdown chat/call!! this is amazing you guys :)
so close! http://imgur.com/lf9tyv7
this is my first comment but i've been a backer since day 1. so excited to see this movie! my husband and i started re-watching season 1 two days ago and i'm having a hard time waiting for the kids to get to bed so we can watch more!! i may have snuck one in while folding laundry today...
@ doug, lol
almost there!!!! yay!!!
i'm gonna say five minutes.  3:33
this is waaaay better than waiting for the ball to drop on new years!
how does one join the skype countdown? :o
whats the skype info!?
who will be the record-breaker?  about 15 min from now....
soon, very soon ! :d
anyone recording their reactions? :)
i wonder if we get another rob video when we hit the goal!
when this baby hits 88 mph, you're gonna see some serious ****.
this is like the first night again
@kristen er, jess never changed from being the asshole he was from the start. i think a lot of people conflated jess/rory with milo/alexis. who would want their daughter to be in a relationship with an asshole?
comeoncomeoncomeon
we're gonna do it!
this is the first time i have ever just stared at a kickstarter...
@samaya - you can watch the first two seasons of vm for free on the wb's website. or watch all three on "project free tv".
omg i can't contain my excitement!!! i think the earth is fixing to rattle from all our excitement!!!!
less than 100!!! i'm as excited as kristen bell seeing a sloth!
65
it's climbing like crazy <3
omg
@samaya, i had the same problem.
omg omg omg so close...
done work in 15 min...i hope we reach it by then!
so excited!!!!!
71
we'll probably all be able to hear each other scream when we break the record. :-)
@tigernightmare: you are about to be bombarded with requests, my friend :)
this is too exciting!!!! ahhh
can't believe! where do they all come from?
we're so close!! =d
less than a hundred now...
omg
at work:( wish i could join skype
to whoever said veronica mars is available if you have prime; i can't find it?! it's still asking to pay to watch instantly? can someone help me figure this out because veronica mars marathon this weekend is an excellent idea!!!
way to go skypers!
less than 100!!!!
sooo close!! whose it gonna be?
skype party with rob !
awsome!!! :-)
thanks for creating such an amazing, and enduring show @rob
go!go!go! : )
@tiger. nice.  and early happy bday!
listening to vm soundtrack (on repeat) and watching ticker. i can hear the bells are ringing joyful and triumphant and...
i want 90909 backers now... 'cause that would be just too perfect for words!
86
this so happening!!! veronica mars/ buffyverse fans are truly the most amazing fanbases in the world!
alright, i have to get skype now.
omg! can't believe it!
less than 100 to go!!!!
100 backers to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you lucky ducks on skype!
maybe rob can put something about kickstarter campains in the movie haha...*spoilers*
@robyn send mars bars to netflix!
ho lee crap.
i have to say. i was a little skeptical about us reaching 87,143 but now it looks like it's going to happen! should have never doubted my fellow marshmallows!!
109
soo close.  i can't keep up with comments and the counter!
any new stretch goals for those final hours?
ok lets also realise the 4000 raised in like no time
@kristen, i love you...haha. i feel so alone in my dislike for him. yeah jess was the best of her beaus. if they did a movie i would want those two together.
joining the skype countdown for a few now. thanks to @tigernightmare for setting it up.
@annikalm i knew they kissed!! i was doubting myself for a second there. haha thanks
wow... i'm speechless... first of all, 5.5 million dollars is nothing short of amazing... secondly, i have to admit that i didn't think we would be able to pull that many backers out last minute, but marshmallows are very surprising that way.... we're 150 backers or so of reaching the record and we still have 7 hours to go... yep... best fans ever. proud to be a marshmallow! best friday of my 2013 so far!
"thomas and bell's new kickstarter goal isn't actually a dollar amount. they hope to land the most backers of any kickstarter campaign in history. the current record holder is double fine adventure with 87,142 unique backers. "veronica" still lags that tally by ten thousand -- totaling 77,107 backers as of wednesday (april 10) afternoon."  from zap2it.com
157
@carole i know, right???????? this campaign has taken up my last month... what will i do until 2014 when it is finally released????????????
yes! let's do this! we are going to make it!  marshmallows are awesome ;)
i am getting no work done as i sit here at my desk, eating goldfish, and watching the numbers. i am glad no co workers have walked by.
we just need a little more than a hundred more people, let's get this done!!!
this is just like the first day of the campaign!!
@peder me too :)
@scarlet: already started :d
i'm shocked! we did it!
any records for the most comments - we mostly have that one going on too!
ohmigod ohmigod
@michelle hamilton... san diego michelle hamilton??
just think people...rob is most likely watching this too right now!! about to change his whiteboard!
@carole, at first i thought you meant logan from vm and i was gonna be what?! hehe. i also hated logan on gg. hated. with a fiery passion. he's a world-class psychotic jackass that never gets better. the only love interest of rory's i liked (read: love) was jess.
@carole - my thoughts exactly!
@ lauren, amy and kristen: luke and lorelai were back together in the end- just watch this (starting at 01:40) http://www.youtube.com/watch… good friends don't kiss like that :)
woooo!
we did it
omgomgomg
what am i going to do with my life in 7 hours?
here we go 87000! yay
can we say obsessed? i added kickstarter to my ipod to track this... 87,000 + !!!
anyone else planning to watch vm episodes as this closes tonight?
139
87000!
87,000! 143 left! aaaaahhh!
87 thousand !!!!
87,000!!!!
@kdesche lol 86999!
140 to go
here we go!!
so exciting!
that's an awesome comment from percy.
87000 on the mark
87,000 backers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
there are still some voice and video message rewards left.
145
86,999
144!
this fan community has alway been the best and i'm so excited to be a tiny part of it with you all!
87k woooooooooooo
lorelai and luke are back together, it has a nice ending, he proposes to her
not the most productive day i've ever had...but certainly one of the most enjoyable!
this is so amazing guys. i love you all!
for those without twitter, percy daggs just tweeted: ok vmars fans, y'all just showing off now...lol the backers of #veronicamarsmovie are  #settingrecords#epic#legendary#unforgettable
@carole a i’m with you on this one. i liked dean (at first), logan was okay, but for me it was always jess.
i feel the same way kristen
@gabriela, dean in the early seasons was not so bad but as the show progressed i didn't care for him
154
154 backers to go!!!
160 more to go!!!
i've been so fixated on the number of backers that i missed the $5.5mln!! a-m-a-z-i-n-g!!
130...
@linn just glad there is another one like me =)
@kristen maybe it was just our luke/lorelei hearts begging for more? i'll have to rewatch it because i'm so sure they make out at the end and are definitely back together
@carole i loved logan and jess. dean ughhhh
5.5 million!!!!
almost there! and we are watching it. :d
also, gotta say, this is the most exciting kickstarter i've ever been a part of. gonna be hard to top it in terms of personal fullfillment, enjoyment and excitement. woo vm!
87000 is right around the corner
170 to go!
wow, so close!
@ian, everyone needs to know that ian is possibly the kindest person on the internet. what goes around comes around and i believe only good things could possibly come your way, thank you again for that very kind offer
so close to the most donors ever!  go marshmallows go!
congrats on 5.5 mil !   www.veronicabars.com for party tweets
"c'mon now sugar! bring it on. bring it on. yeah! 200 to go!" hehe love it.
i admit, i was a non-believer this time yesterday that we could break the backer record ... should've known! way to go, marshmallows, this is awesome to watch.
@jennifer--marshmallow vodka is perfect!
150 more :)
@julia, am i the only one that didn't like logan. frankly speaking i didn't care for any of her love interests. dean in the beginning was cool and jesse once he got the chip off his shoulder but logan? uh no.
everyone get your marshmallow martini's ready!!! we are almost there... http://www.bitememore.com/drinkme/24/toasted-marshmallow-martini-recipe
@ cece - on the fb page, there is a sweepstakes :)
@ amy, that's how i interpreted the gg finale too. but then, it's also been awhile since i've watched it and i'm also a luke/lorelai shipper. :)
if rt opens up one more "name a character" or "have a line" opportunity, we'll see these numbers soar!
i really need to be packing, but i can't stop watching the counter! lol
@jennifer marshmallow vodka? i want! :)
less than 200!!
as a last min. perk it would be great if they took all the small pledges & put them in a drawing to win some prizes. not that they need incentive to bring in people!
ooh, less than 200 people to go now
can't wait to watch the comments section flood when we break the record!
oh... my... god. ha ha
200!
yeah, the only gg movie i would back would be rory and logan together with lorelai left to live her miserable life alone.
the moment we've all been waiting for is fast approaching!!!
now come on 90909 ;)
c'mon now sugar!  bring it on. bring it on. yeah! 200 to go!
only 200 more backers to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just like first day !!!! oh yeah
every one down their drinks at 87143...its not early here lol
200 more.
here we go!!!
the record's just there, we're touching it!
over $5.5million!!! incredible! well done marshmallows! :)
@marc i personally waited till the last day - waiting to see if rewards would open up for asia, where i'm located. but it obviously wasn't gonna happen so i just pledged anyway. i realise now i could've just done that sooner then managed my pledge...this is my first ks campaign so i didn't know. haha
a veronica mars drink?  i've got a bottle of marshmellow vodka...
5.5 :d yeay !
best. day. ever.
5.5 come on!!! one more record to break
woot baby!!! now lets break that record
awesome! :)
5.5 million! woo hoo! congrats everyone!
hooray!! 5.5!!!
wow! yes! $5.5!
yea!!
woohoo
wow..5.5 million and counting
and there goes $5.5 mil!
$5.5m
it's gonna happen!
@ michael: thanks for directing me! everything is as it should be :)
woohoo!!! $5.5 million :)
goodness, we're close!!
yay!
just amazing how fast its going up!!!!!!!!! less than 100 backers :d
$5.5 million!!!!!!!!!!!
well done all!
yay!!
5.5!
use www.veronicabars.com to track the party tweets tonight! yes, that is veronica bars dot com and #veronicabars
five and a half million §§§§§§§§§§
5.5 million whohoo!
5.5 million!!!!!!
i could be wrong it's been ages since i watched season 7 of gg
5.5
5.5!! bring it on yea!!
5.5
woohoo! 5.5!
annnnnnnnnnnnddd there's 5.5mil!
we've hit $5.5 million fellow marshmallows!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! congrats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i know marc but the #1 also offered 31 $10,000 pledges. if we had more big ones i think we could have done it i know we are nowhere near it now though!
as i said, $5.5million came first!
$5.5 million!!!
5.5!!
yaaaay
there it is!!!!
there goes $5.5m! wahoooo!
5.5!!!!!
@lauren they totally make out in the last episode? they get back together because luke arranged rory's going away party and stayed up all night because it was going to rain and he covered the square (which by the way is used in hart of dixie - same gazebo) or that was my understanding? luke and lorelei got back together?
someone needs to create a veronica mars drink called the marshmellow and we all need to have one tonight to celebrate the amazing success here!! :)
ok i just posted on the torment, camelot unchained, and shroud of the avatar kickstarters, and have posted on several forums. everyone get out and spread the good word wherever you can!
5.5 first. no question.
no sorry i think someone said that if you have an amazon prime membership the first two seasons were free
200 backers v 460 dollars fight :)
@melissa thank you for the link – nice to know we are 50 danish backers :) that’s pretty cool
1. www.skype.com 2. create an account 3. download the app 4. contacts > add contact > search skype directory 5. add tigernightmare 6. profit
86,900!!!! woo hoo!!!
who says you cant have everything in life - i am alive and they are making vm movie!!!!!!!!!!
@ leslie, the only other record is most money, but that won't happen in 7 hours.
ok for sure 5.5
@brandy - no. the #1 kickstarter project was $10 million, the #2 $8.5 million. but already this is #3 all time best.
@michelinewolf what a great idea.  a map of backers.  i'm sure some marshmallow out there can pull it together. so close to $5m
this is awesome!
race between 5.5 and 87,143! so exciting!
@annika, i know that's right...lol
so ready to take a picture of this page when it reaches 5.5 mill!
we're so close! =)
i wish someone would do that last $5000 one!!  that would be awesome!!!
really excited to see what the final totals are going to end on and even more excited to see all the stuff to come after this kickstarter is done. casting news over the next few weeks, and then hopefully seeing some teasers and trailers in a few months. i'll miss not getting updates every other day. pledged $100 cause i wanted the blu-ray, can't wait for it!
773 backers in the last hour!
so close to hitting 5.5!!
250 to go...
looks like we'll cross the $5.5 million mark first. but the record won't be far behind!
@joshua welcome to the family :)
yeah, it's free.  only thing that costs money is texting through it and conference video, i think.
since we are going to beat the record for backers - it is there any other record we should be going for
so close to $5.5 mil!
@melissa z - thank you!
wow $5.5 million! so busy watching backers i didn't even notice!
so kicktraq does not seem to be working...no accurate projections :(
how can i leave the computer now?? :d
yay i have missed this show ever since it went off the air.  i got both my siblings to love it as well.  so now we will enjoy the movie together.
@amy i thought it was pretty clear in the gilmore girls series finale that luke and lorelai were only friends. like brother/sister. the only way a gilmore girls movie would have a romantic ending is if rory comes to her senses and says yes to logan.
$5.5 million will happen before backer record.  oh yeah!
@marc - some of us are new fans, i had never even heard of veronica mars till ign posted an article about the kickstarter. i just finished season three yesterday.
for free?
@tigernightmare - okay... do i need a special program?  i'm gonna figure this thing out...  :)
it's just going up & up & up!!
5,5m first! here we go!
if things keep going at this rate, the record for backers will be broken in less than 30 minutes!! excitinggg! :)
@micheline, you can see backers by top geographic location at mars investigations: http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week it's in the sidebar under kickstarter stats.
if there had been more big ticket items available $10,000 $8,000 or what not we would have killed the record for money raised as well!
@amy if you want me to watch something- put jensen ackles in it and i'll watch it, no matter what it is!!  i rewatched vm (of course) last week and i was amazed how many acters from other shows i watch now are in vm... @daniela me too!
i'm having a few drinks to celebrate marshmallows! we are totally kicking ass! x
not just the backers though. check out the money! so close to 5.5 mil i can taste it!
i seriously wonder where all these (new) backers come from!
lol 300
so, reach 5.5 million or beat the record first?
i'm gonna go take a shower, and when i come back we will have over 87 142 backers. make it happen, fellow marshmallows. you all rock!
200+ backers to go, that was like the 'average' backers per hour we needed yesterday, haha. this is amazing!
@ cj johnson: thanks yor answering me, i wasn't sure if it shows up before or after the project ended and some people said they cancelled double pledges so i got a bit confused because i wasn't able to see mine but good to hear everything's as it should be :)
@jennifer it's super easy, whether you do it or not is if you want to join us in real time text chat or not.
@yaz how can i access the skype room for backers??? so stoked about this, but no one in my real life can share in the excitement with me!
@ andre : on imdb already :) that's amazing
omg my heart is racing i did not think we would hit the record so early thought it was gonna be to the last minute type thing
hi ian, that's done:)
i think the only reasonable thing to do is to declare this weekend the official veronica mars marathon weekend.  amazon has the first 2 seasons for free w/a prime membership.
@annikalm so true about the dean issue… incredibly weird at first!
only 300 more backers til the record!!!
@lovisa. jag vet, kan inte somna nu när vi är så nära rekordet ! vilken tid (svensk tid) avslutas projektet ?
i think by the time 8pm rolls around for rob at the pub its not gonna be a count down and wait and see type of thing, it's gonna be one kickasss kickstarter celebration.
@peder haha i always complain to friends about how the really great clever shows get cancelled and the crapy ones stay on season after season... i might be just a little bitter :)
@elizabeth 300 ;)
i just started trying to figure out twitter for this whole campaign, and so i could follow rob thomas and kristen bell. skype is still on my "have no idea what it is/how to do it/whether i will" list.
200 more backers to go!
wow, this is amazing to watch.
@michael great! i'm so busy updating the facebook page, group, and keeping my numbers here that i can't open any more windows!!!!!!!!!!
rob, i think it would be awesome to include a map of where all the backer came from for this project in your documentary.  i'd love to see where the highest concentration of backers came from in the us and around the world. i'm from minnesota, by the way.  we are the veronica mars family and i think we should acknowledge that.  can't wait for the movie!
new backers per hour, up from 509 to 715! http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
definitely $5.5 million will be first
i'll be saving my money so when gg starts their kickstarter page i can pledge.
hey guys! rob just tweeted that the record is 87,142 so we have 337 more people we need - we can totally do that in less than 7 hours - let's do this!!!
agnetha, it won't show up as a payment because you haven't been charged yet.  manage your pledge and select "change payment method" and it'll show your current authorizations.
funny thing is just this morning i was gonna sign up with an account for my dad (hes internet clueless) just to give one more backer but at this point at 86,800+ ..... need i say more.
338 more backers needed. :d
wow! where do suddenly all this backers come from? we are crashing the record. honestly i thought this wouldn´t be possible in the remaining time. thats amazing! i´m thrilled. :)
@agnetha amazon won't charge you until the project closes.  everything is ok!
who know that so many of my fellow marshmallows loved gilmore girls and supernatural! i had to stop my supernatural marathon to rewatch veronica mars!
@annikalm yeah i recently watched that episode! i was like ha! that's logan talking to logan! :') and it took me ages to get used to dean actually being sam and his brother being dean :') all my favourites just end up in each others shows :). jensen ackles in veronica mars movie perhaps? :')
we're going to get 5.5 and 87143 :)
just so happy we are getting a movie. just seen this and it made me smile http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2771372/…
@peder - because the good shows cost too much, and they can do the new random stuff cheaper, with more add time.
@robyn: jason and i are on it!
@andre, email me on ian at night island dot com...?
@ann-sofie you've got to stay awake until we hit 87143! still early here ;)
@jason: awesome!
@jen tigernightmare set up a skype group page for backers
we've had people posting their projects on our page... i would assume that for $1, we can do the same. does anyone want to go around to all the different popular projects and post our link and plea????????
it's averaging 11 pledges/minute over the last half an hour, plus the rate of increase appears to be increasing......so  (not trying to tempt fate) 90,909 is definitely doable.
@linn same, always wonder why they cancel the great shows to produce some random crap instead..heh
i think we're going to break that record within the hour 373 remaining
@michael good man, i'll hit up the other two.
i have a dump question in regards to the amazon payments account, hope someone can help me. i made my pledge and got both confirmation mails (kickstarter + amazon) but if i go and look at my transactions it doesn't show up on the amazon payments site. is it the way it should be or should it be worried something went wrong?
@michae southwickl, i don't know if you play video games or played any old sega genesis games, but the spiritual successor to road rash just launched on kickstarter, looks pretty sweet. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/darkseasgames/road-redemption…
what will happen first: backer record or hitting $5.5 million??? :)
@laura - i completely agree! and lauren graham seems to be on board! http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/03/15/gilmore-girls-movie-lauren-graham-kickstarter_n_2883281.html
@nina haha! you have great taste too! :) it's those darn winchester boys! i can't take my eyes off of them! i'd definitely back a gilmore girls movie but only if lorelei is no longer a gilmore and she's called lorelei danes :) love me some luke & lorelei!
just 400 backers needed! come on you marshmallows!
@laura i don't think there will be a gilmore- girls- movie... the show stopped because the acters wanted to persue different things... though i'd really love to see luke and lorelais wedding :)
@maya detsamma, det är inte så ofta man träffar några svenska fan :)
veronica mars movie... check! next gilmore girls???? if only!!! lol! so proud to be apart of this project!!!
@ben, i'll pm him too, but with this kind of issue i think it's big enough to require clarification from the "big guy". did *anyone* who made a pledge for the sdcc package today receive a confirmation email?
less than 400 to go!
@james it's ok its good to be wrong sometimes ;)
well, i posted in "divinity" :d
nyc open
@andre don't apologize! revel in the marshmallowey-ness.
tried to scroll back and see if anyone had suggested "satellite" countdown sites...since we aren't all in tx. maybe there are more fans here in southern california? it would have been fun to pick a restaurant/bar/etc to meet up at. marshmellow craziness is best experienced and enjoyed in groups of like-minded fans! maybe i missed it and someone else did? that would be amazing.... :)
holy smokes, y'all! i think we might just get this done. marshmallows unite!
for the math type people rob included we went from needing 200 backers per hour to now needing only 60 per hour thats 1 every min and unless my eyes are playing tricks on me we are getting them in way faster then that right now.
andre, every little bit helps!
@michael i'll post on the torment, divinity, and camelot unchained kickstarters
@amy gilmore-girls' logan playing vm-logans 'halfbrother' on veronica mars- that was confussing :d and now that you mention supernatural- there's the dean-issue! totally confused me in the begining... @nina gilmore girls, supernatural and veronica mars are my top 3 tv-hows too:)
google chat? i have no idea, to be honest. ):
just donated, guys, im soo broke its not funny so literally could only do $1. sorry it couldn't be more, but i had to help break the record. loved the show, just wish i could have done more
sweden calling ! i am about to go to sleep, but as every night this past few weeks im stuck to this screen ;) im also afraid that i'll miss the finale countdown of our awsome projekt ! no hitting the znoos button tonight .
you guysss, we need some kind of chat or hangout or something for those of us who want to count down to the end with our fellow marshmallows! any ideas?
this has been amazing. fun chatting with you all the past month
best bday present ever!  i feel like madison sinclair
nyc premiere just opened up!
@linn: kul att se fler svenska fans här =)
$750 pledge open :)
maybe one day they will have a gilmore girls kickstarter!  probably the only other show besides vm i would back!
so excited!  thanks to rob and all the cast who are making this happen, y'all are the best :)!
@michael the top 10 on kicktraq are: camelot unchained, divinity: original sin, darci’s walk of shame, shovel knight, myth, the gallery: six elements, dwarven forge's game tiles: revolutionary, heroes of normandie, and battle worlds: kronos - turn-based strategy game. we just need to donate $1 in order to post on any of these.
jamming to kriss kross "jump" as i watch the counter... :)
@amy that is a freaky coincidence – before all this veronica mars craziness happened i was having a supernatural marathon! (i’ll probably pick up where i left off tomorrow). you have great taste in tv ;)
4200 to go until 90909 ...
final push!
heh, a new backer every few seconds, not a bad rate indeed!
@peder i've been a fan since they showed it on svt around 2005, so i had to way of resisting the 75 dollar reward ;d
i just upped my pledge ^^
less than 500 backers to go!
ugh. i have to go to class. i'm gonna be so happy and so sad i the goal is reached in the next hour
soooo excited!! it's been amazing time so far and we are just getting started. so happy to be part of this <3
i've been tracking the number of backers today. we're so close! http://imgur.com/m4povzf
i am so excited for this!!! spreading the word everywhere!
we're so awesome marshmallows, we even inspired mellisa joan hart http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/318676760/darcis-walk-of-shame
i predict that we'll cross the record # of backers (87,142) at 3:25 pm edt
had some bad news come in yesterday... and so i decided to use my retail therapy money on the veronica mars movie. =)  my total pledge is $350 as of today.. unless i weaken and scrape up a bit more to add to it before the end (could happen). so excited
lol @ midnight was years ago at a tops market in arcade ny near buffalo. i just re-watched them the all over the last couple weeks. good purchase indeed.
go go go!
@kerryann i should go to bed, but i have to stay up to watch the end of it too, here in sunny slough!
ok ill admit it, in my heart of hearts i'm a pessimist and really didn't think we were gonna make it.  hence all my estimates giving low-ball numbers but now.... with 7 hours to go and being only 600 away?   i'm ready to say it, i think we just might actually be able to do this.... those who know me know how big a jump it is to say didn't think so to, just might do it.  now that thats said check with me in ohh i say 2 hours from now and see what im saying :)
i feel like i'm in a whirlwind, i cannot believe these numbers- every time i check, it's gone up 10k!
any other popular kickstarter projects we could spread the word to?
upped mine too. soooo happy
only 500 to go!
500 and counting!
@nina i love gilmore girls and as soon as my. veronica mars & supernatural marathons are over i think i need to start gilmore girls again :)
$30,960 in the last hour!!!!!!!!!!! i'll be back in an hour with another update! this is so fantastic! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/ praying for a wide release and record breaking numbers!!!!!!!!!!
we just need 500 more.
i have to admit, i was one of the doubters. just a few days i thought there was no way we'd beat the total backers record. and now here we are, within touching distance and ready to smash through the target. thanks everyone!
@javierarce thanks!  every bit helps!
use www.veronicabars.com to track the party tweets tonight! yes, that is veronica bars dot com and #veronicabars
@pederolin just do it.  you'll feel better after you up your pledge.  trust me i did.
you guys this is going to happen in like the next hour...!
@amy: oh now i remember the episode. feeling like watching gilmore girls now :)
welcome javier :-)
with 8 hours left 6 million is in sight.
@linn how could i resist, trying hard to resist the urge to go for a more expensive pledge ;)
i just pledged 1 to reah the 87k goal.
it's on abc family right now. called last week fights, this week tights
@jason really? veronica's a super saiyogen, my friend. blonde and power level 5.4 million.
i'm wondering if i should stay up till 5 am or just set an alarm for 4.30... would be exciting to see the end of the campaign
lol @jason
86 602... we're gonna make it, aren't we... oh my god we're actually gonna make it.
@laura haha i remember that! :) emily trying to set rory up with him :) i was like pahhhh she can have him, veronica has logan ;) but then again - rory has logan too? damn confusing! :)
87143 and 5,5m together would be awesome stuff ! any chance now for a 6 millions end ?
@laura - what??? which episode? :) i have to see this
so i am pretty sure i am going to miss it! i am about to go see scary movie 5 with my roommate! so i am saying an early congrats because we are obviously going to make it!
90909 backers would be so epic lol. #nerds
yes. got the logan lover's bundle! now i can be a happy camper. :) guys, you all made it happen and now we can look forward to a great film that will be coming out in 2014--our lucky year! xoxoxoxo
we're taking this to over 9000(0)!! :p
i've been reading these comments for the past month and i know it's been said before but i'm just gonna go ahead and say it anyway: i'm sooooo proud to be apart of this community! you guys seem awesome and i'm so happy that we finally get our movie! go marshmallows!!
i am also seriously considering staying awake until 4am uk time to watch the end of this thing.
@christopher i want the exact coordinates of this supermarket and dvd bin
watching gilmore girls and who do i see....duncan kane!!!
@peder nice to see some fellow swedes donating!
we're almost at $5.5 million! woo hoo!
at this rate we will break the record in under an hour!
@chelsea i inboxed rob and he told me. i messaged back asking is there no chance but have not heard back from him again. sadly, i think we've dipped out. we can still queue for the event though!
it's funny i got into the show years after it was cancelled. i found season 1 and 2 at the supermarket discount dvd bin for $9.99. my cousin talked it up so i picked them up and after catching season 3 on hulu was like huh that's the end of the series. very excited to be part of this now!
@ melissa ramirez, i don't know if this has been answered already (i had to step away), but to view your current authorizations, manage your pledge and then click "change payment method" and it'll show you if you have multiple authorizations or not.
um, starting to feel a bit emotional, here....  thanks everyone: keep it up!!
i really hope it get released in cinemas in uk, hopefully london even if its a limited release, ill travel for it.
wow, what an afternoon! now it's matter of when, not if the record will be broken. i suppose 90,000 backers may not be out of reach, lol.
we are so planning a midnight release hang out somewhere. right?
100 backers, 7:30 - only 600 more needed and we have 8 hours and change left.  we really could exceed 90k backers with that much time remaining.
@peder: welcome!
with all the european support a continental opening would be awesome!
i'm going to take a long shower.  then i want to log back in and see the counter instantaneously pass 87143, as confetti shoots out of my screen.
i have to find a way to stay up another 4 hours to go pick up my grandparents from the airport. i wondered how i was going to manage it because i'm pretty tired but then i came back to this site & now i can't tear my eyes away!
wow. just..... i honestly thought there was a snowball's chance in hell of getting that many backers. i have seriously underestimated you all. i apologize.
less than 600 needed!
and to think a few days ago some people here were saying, "well, it's too bad we won't break the record..." we're gonna ker-smash it!
im in wales so im definately not expecting it in any cinemas near me, so happy international backers can get the dvd :)
600 more!!!!!!
@ben--nooooo, i'm not ready to give up yet! i think i'll need to hear it from rob to believe it >.<
had to join in at 100$, the series was so awesome =)
lots of previously filled rewards now open, prospective backers!! $200/$275 levels wide open...plus a fee voicemail recording and twitter follow
just 624 backers needed!
@samantha hehe still here on my phone!
@jason: most definitely. expect the breakneck pace to crank up even more in that last hour!
i'm just in a town in west texas that's about 3 hours away from all major cities... and i really don't want to have to drive a total of 6 hours to see my dream come true on the big screen!
i might make a new account and pledge $1 :) ill wait until we are at 87142 ;)
we only need like 600 we have this 100%
i'm really sad that when the project closes here in italy will be 5.00am :( whish i could be here tracking the page but i need sleep :( and i'll also miss the live tweets tonight :( tomorrow will be a very busy day reading everything!
@ep i feel the same way!!!
@yaz agreed! it took this ks campaign before any of my friends finally gave the show a chance. now they're suffering sleep deprivation and watching this page with me.
638 to go
we are going to go over 90,000, guaranteed!
@ robyn that would. be awesome!!!
@robyn: it'll probably be a tiered release, based on how well it does in selected markets
i'm so excited. not gonna hope for 90909 yet.... but maybe. :)
@ peter: very much wondering the same myself. not sure if i should have lower expectations, higher...no idea what to expect, really. still super-excited, though :-)
thanks @micheal and yes @tonia i agree!!! but then we all have to yell stop at the same time :p
convert and assimilate all you know to the way of the marshmallow.
whoops. i have to refresh every 10 seconds just to keep up with the comments!
i wonder... if we break all these records, could we get a wide release in theatres???????????????
@chelsea the same happened to me and rob has told me that it was glitch with kickstarter and i wouldn't be getting the sdcc package, so i have not unauthorized the amazon payment. :(
@kim bad marshmallow! but good student :p
i have to say, i was skeptical when they announced their goal of 87,000+, but it seems like there's no stopping us now!  i'm a grad student in my last week of the semester with an absurd amount of work to do, but i can't look away!  i'm so happy to be a part of this! (and discover that i'm not the only person desperate to find out what was going to happen to veronica!)
i
@ jesca that would be amazing if we could get to that number :)))
does anyone have any guesses on what the red carpet premiere packages will be like?
100 backers in 7:23 ... it just keeps getting better and better.  < 700 more, no 688, no 681 ... more to match the record... :-)
@michael or a pony that looks like a revamped laptop
sigh. i'm off to class unfortunately, i think i'm going to miss it! i'll try my best to keep updated on my phone. farewell marshmallows :)
@samantha i'd rather have one good movie than two mediocre movies, which is what it sounds like the bare minimum would have been able to get us.
i think the best part of this fundraiser is all the new people that have become vm fans
@ joshua welcome to the marshmallows :)
600+ backers till we beat the backer record. i'm so beyond excited! how am i going to get any sleep...
whoever the 87,143rd backer is should get a pony
omg i can't put my mobile aside. it's so exciting to watch the numbers
@lexi, is it possible the email is delayed? i got that email for the other prize i registered for, but only got the amazon one for this. @rob, any clarification? any chance kickstarter could confirm for all of us who want to make sure?
@jesca: 620 in the last hour. i'd say it's probable, even
just wanted to say how happy this makes me =)  thank you rob & kristen & jason & ryan & rico & everyone else for making this movie happen xoxoxoxo you guys rock.  and the fans aren't too bad either!!!
wish we could split the money we have raised in two, so we could have two movies...or a 4 hour movie with a mandatory loo break 2 hrs in... we have been waiting for this so long and now i am scared and greedy, i want more!
use www.veronicabars.com to track the party tweets tonight! yes, that is veronica bars dot com and #veronicabars
wow, less than a thousand to go.
how many are we averaging an hour? is 90909 possible?
i had never even heard of veronica mars until a month ago when ign posted an article about the kickstarter, since then i have watched all three seasons and loved it. can not wait for this movie!! have to say though, i'm a little disappointed it's just a film and not a new series, but hopefully if the movie is successful netflix will pick it up for a pilot season.
@nia welcome to being a backer! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
ok i admit it, i've been swept away by this community and simply had to up my pledge to get the signed movie poster which of course will be framed and displayed in a place of honor!  plus even as i type this the counter keeps going up. who's ready to post to wikipedia when it closes?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter  it'll be really late here in germany when it closes. ooey gooey marshmallow love.
is the party going to be streamed on the net?
wow just pledged. last minute (as usual). thank you for letting europe be part of this too!
when you think there couldn't be more and more and more...well every minute gives you wrong! it feels just like day 1.
@dreamrose311: that would be so cool!
@phil: i had forgotten about that other mention, lol
oh c'mon. we can get 90909. but gotta stop there. it would be incredible.
thanks everyone :)
@phil: nope, it's a new one. it's already buried in the comments so i'll repost - http://www.wired.com/underwire/2013/04/rob-thomas-interview-veronica-mars-kickstarter/
143
wow! this is really happening, isn't it!
i kind of wish i'd had the forethought to suggest "satellite" countdown sites...since we aren't all in tx. there have to be more fans here in orange county, right? it would have been fun to pick a restaurant/bar/etc to meet up at! maybe i missed it and someone else did? that would be amazing....  :)
544 an hour to get to 90909....
if it keeps increasing at this rate, you won't be able to tell the difference
@jesca 142 to tie, 143 to beat.
i was just gonna write i was surprised to see a 750 spot and wished i was a) in the us and b) rich, but it's already gone again^^ crazy excided .. i never gave up hope, but it didn't always look sunny. i'm just so amazed to be able to be a part of this now! marshmallows united! lots of love from germany :)
@jesca 143 is the magic number :)
"to do that we just need to get past double fine adventure's 87,142 backers. " is it 142 or 143?? i need to know when to celebrate ;p
i am kinda hoping this movie is like movie marathon length :o) i'm very excited! just finished watching the three seasons..... again :o) 3rd time. so wish the show had done the fbi years. if we keep fundraising we could just fund a whole tv season.
yay vinnie!  next up, cliff
to be a fly on the wall...it's got to be the best feeling in the world to have all of these faithful fans (and their uncles, aunts and cousins and friends) backing you up. congratulations to rob and all the backers!
@michael is that the article where he says vinnie will be "running rampant"?
@david: thanks! good info!
100 backers in 8:58... ;-) great progress
@tiger yea didn't realize i was offline thank you, dont use skype that often
i don't want to leave the computer until we break the record lol...just chilling on the bed with music, snacks and *refresh* *refresh* *refresh* ...anyone going to sdcc even though they were not able to get tix? lets camp out all day but make it fun, we could just bring a laptop and watch veronica mars episodes while waiting on line...
800 to goal!
rob thomas quote from the "wired" article that someone just posted: "ken marino is going to be in the movie as vinnie van lowe..." yessssss!
use www.veronicabars.com to track the party tweets tonight! yes, that is veronica bars dot com
@amy 87143
@rob i hope your documentary film team is ready for your 87,143 backers record reaction close up. do you know if kb or any of the other stars are watching, waiting?
@chelsea you should get an email from kickstarter with the the re: you have successfully changed your pledge to the veronica mars movie project by rob thomas." the email will detail your new package. additionally, you will get an email from amazon re: authorized payment.
@phil: heck yeah! :d
what's the record we are trying to beat? 87,000?
@agnes no, i'm askearda crowds.
@michael, thanks! that does help. i missed it last time and it took me back to the main page and said there was no more of that reward available, so i was fairly certain i got it this time, but with all the confusion i was freaking out about that not being the confirmation.
@tigernightmare are you at the party?
@kim actually that vid would actually be way awesomer because you are fangirling in a library, cant wait to see that
@yaz if you're iyazze, i already added you.  but you (or whoever that is) was already offline when it happened.
just saw a commercial on the soapnet (where they broadcast reruns of vm) that referenced the vm movie!  totally made me smile :d  i love how amazing this fan base is and how we're proving everyone wrong who said it couldn't be done...
@yaz send that idea to rob! 'contact me' link next to his picture on this page!
@samantha :) doing us marshmallows proud! my english paper is definitely getting neglected until 11 pm.
veronica mars is coming back, yay ^^ i'm glad i could help :)
@kerry   yes... yes it does count.
@michael, we are looking pretty spot on man!
i'm posting so many youtube comments directing people here that i keep having to do the capchas!
finally worked out. so glad to see i didn't miss the big moment!!
thanks rob!!!! you and the whole cast are amazing!!! we might just beat this record guys!!!
this show has been a constant in my life since it started, i've gotten so many friends hooked on it because of how much i talked about it. i have a special place in my heart for love and kristen bell is just the bees knees. thank you so much rob thomas for giving us this chance to make this happen! i'm so incredibly proud to help create a movie millions of fans have waited for! just when you think your out we pull you back in :)
@tiger sent you a request last night and it's still pending, well i hope that was you
well, i've bugged all my friends and pledged what i could, now i'm just sitting here watching and waiting! i hope we break the record, peeps! :)
@yaz yes! i think i'm going to actually do that! hopefully i won't get too many weird looks in the library from fangirling.
i'm surprised the 5k option still has an opening.
less than 1,000 backers needed!!!
@ chelsea - the package in green saying "you selected" is yours. you really got it
holy cow, i have been unproductive today. unless productivity can be measured in "watching the number of backers on the most awesome kickstarter ever rise". (it totally can, right?)
@rob we really, really love your show. we love your kool aid.
@jessica sadly, i think they've over-sold! :(
yaz that's an awesome idea!
@chelsea: whatever it says as "you selected" is what you've got... sometimes, you'll pick a higher tier, cash out, etc etc... but if the tier sells out in the time it takes you to do that then only your pledge has changed while your reward hasn't. hope that makes sense
@rob hook 'em
just nine hours ago i was debating with someone about the backer totals and how it was clear we'd make it here even though we weren't averaging enough backers per hour at the time.the whole u.s. was asleep minus myself and we were still over a hundred an hour. this is a world wide vm fan success story.
@ivanovitch simply go to skype.com and create and account and download the app for your platform. look me up and add me as a contact (and say you're from this thing). my skype name is the same as this one.  i'll add you as soon as i see you.
@rob, sorry i can't make the party on the drag tonight. austin+vm party = exponential awesomeness.
we should all tape each other for the final countdown and post on youtube, i bet rt would love to see our reactions and we may make the documentary
@ rob @ julia it's ok if it's both lol we understand.
@chelsea no i think its an email. i got that page too!
@rob thomas, you're definitely in the top 2 of men named rob thomas i would help out on a kickstarter project...
@kim i have a project in on tuesday...and i have watched the counter while rewatching vm, now thats responsible management of a student time!
we just got 120 people in 10 minutes :)
@tiger i'm gabyguhu. i won't be on until later though! i have class :/
i let it go, but i swear before it said 155 backers and all gone. and now it says 154 backers and all gone. i wonder if the opportunity disappeared
@rob i really hope we can break the record!
100 backers in 9:22... wow, i wonder how long it will take to break 90k backers?
fan package gone to -4 of 150 remaining but none available to buy.
@rob oh, good! thank you! and you helped me get an a in my writing for tv class a million years ago, so you will always be awesome in my book!
thanks rob! glad we finally got our shot to tangibly show just how much this means to all of us :)
902 left, i'm so excited !
based on all these comments i'm getting nervous--does kickstarter send you a separate email saying you got a particular package, or are you locked in if it says 'you selected' in green on your kickstarter page? i got the page where it says 'congratulations!' with the payment amount and selected reward, is that the kickstarter confirmation?
@rob you being this amazing make us amazing
@jessica thank you! fingers crossed i may be able to obtain it! if not, will have to try and meet the cast at sdcc itself! and thanks @rob
@tiger - a group skype - cool - what is the contact info
@tiger, how does one join on skype?
@samantha haha! heavily debating it! but i might have a reader response -_-
does anyone know if the countdown event will be live streamed? dunno why but i just think it'd be cool to see everyone's reaction to the end of the campaign.
hope you get it @ben
wondering if rob is also wasting his day obsessing over every extra backer and $.
@rob thomas we could not of done it with out your skills and your amazing cast so thank you rob! this has been a fantastic project to be a part of :)
@kim screw the class and stay!
thanks rob!!! never could have shown you how great we are without you and this project though!!!
not yet 1 more minute
:( i have to go to english class but i want to stay to watch the record!
@rob -veronica mars is and always was worth it. so thank you.
@jessica it's a very kind thing for you to do! good luck to whoever gets it
i can't believe we are going to sail through what most of us thought were pretty lofty goals!! just goes to show that you have to dream big and reach high!!
hey @rob so psyched to see you at sdcc. thanks so much for opening up some more slots!!!!! best $150 i've spent. ever.
@jessica have you given up your sdcc package yet?
anyone care to join us for the final countdown on skype?
@rob   vm fans are crazy loyal  (and probably just a little bit crazy).  you created something really special, and we love you all to pieces.
kickstarter record nearly in the bag...what are the chances this could get 300% funded???
@robyn stay at the $25 reward tier and add an additional $25 for the extra shirt
we love you so much rob kristen jason and all of your crew !!!!!!!!!!!
i have to leave for a few hours. :( i might miss breaking the record.
scary cool to be part of the movement.
@rob thomas - yes rob, we are :d :d :d  regards from england!
@julia, it's the good kind of amazing. promise.
you're amazing, rob!
thanks, rob!
@rob i hope that's the good kind of amazing and not the, "omg these people are insane!" amazing. ;)
being a vm fan is so awesome.  seriously. i just love how the studios claimed nobody gave a crap and we made them eat crow, almost 5.5 million dollars worth.  i am so honored to be a part of this. this is so fantastic. my husband is not a vm fan, but by the time the movie is released, he will be.  i can promise you that. how can anyone watch vm and not love it?!
@hr no problem. glad it worked out for you. my and my gf will see you there!
@robyn as long as the reward you pick is $25 or higher, and you have pledged the amount of that reward plus $25, you are good.
two hours ago wired interviewed rob thomas. http://www.wired.com/underwire/2013/04/rob-thomas-interview-veronica-mars-kickstarter/
you're all amazing.
giving up an sdcc fan event pledge. i'll give 5 minutes to let people get prepared.
@christine i've been saying i should walk away from my screen for the last 12 hrs
okay i added another twenty five dollars to my original twenty five dollar backing because i wanted to get the second t-shirt as well. my question though is which reward i have to choose or does it matter? right now i picked the regular $25 reward since i am wanting both t-shirts.
1,000 more with 8:50:52 remaining!  outstanding progress, about 200 backers in 7 minutes
less than a thousand. here...we. go...
@truedeano, that's good advice. thanks for putting the directions up.
less than a thousand!!!!!!
okay, less than 1,000 new backers needed - i can walk away from my screen now ... probably.
new kickstarter record! http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
haven't really commented much on here, but i just wanted to say i freaking love this fandom. yesterday i really wasn't sure we'd break the backer record, but now...i believe. xd
holy crap!!!  we re going to do it. we are at 86,143  only 1,000 to go with 8 hours we are so going to beat this record and set a record of vm fans that nocan beat!!!!  happy show to us!!!! next goal $6,000,000  can we do it???
ok got it! problem solved, thanks michael!  gotta go, but i'll be back here as soon as possible! (probably not for a few hours, still, :(
lol so 90909 doesnt even seem that crazy anymore!!
@rhian that would have been the perfect place for a stretch goal
unless there's a big burst of extra cash in the last hours, i'm guessing we finish with $5.6 mil, but we will break the backers record no problem.
@melissa ramirez i would suggest to everyone who has attempted pledge updates to review their amazon authorisations before the project closes. to view or cancel existing payment authorizations: 1. log into your amazon payments account by visiting https://payments.amazon.com/ . 2. click on the "edit your account settings" link. 3. select "change my payment authorizations". 4. click to select the authorization that you want to view or cancel.
ahhh we're so close!!!! i think we can do another 1000 backers in 8 hours. off to advertise, i am!
1000 in 8 hours and 40 minutes, or 3766 to get to 90909!!
i know we're close, but how many backers do we need total to reach the goal?
so. close.
look at that counter fly.  i have to be honest 1-2 days ago i thought breaking the 87k backer goal was a silly dream.  today i am blown away by mars awesomeness!  i don't want to jinx it but its almost looking easy now.  not to mention 5.5 mil looking good... is 6mil going to be our next challenge? i have to clam down, one step at a time. go 87k backers!
thanks @ corey your advice worked! got the amazon confirmation too.
90909 backers would be awesome
though my favorite thing about england was definitely the girls, they know how to properly dress and party. :p
i will get back to work when we need less than 1,000 new backers ... promise.
i've deleted the $160 authorization just to be sure. oh i could cry! i wonder when fans will start queuing for the event. i may have to miss a lot of sdcc on the friday :(
okay, i just looked at my amazon payments account. what i see is that i have two authorizations for kickstarter that say they are authorized to charge up to x amount. the way i understand that, yes, a new authorization was created when i upped my pledge, but kickstarter still controls how much they will eventually charge, which will just be whatever my pledge is. these are not pending payments through amazon, just authorizations.
go spam twitter, facebook, youtube, everything you can think of!
@samantha lol i can imagine that, i'm crazy as well in my house! my friends are tired of me checking the number of backers every 2 minutes
@michael: ok. how would i delete previous authorizations? or is that even possible?
in the same boat as many of you....had the nyc premiere tickets but then didn't get the confirmation....i'm completely heartbroken! tweeted rob thomas, but i doubt he can do anything....
whatever your current pledge amount is is what amazon will charge you.  however, you may still have active authorizations that you can delete from your amazon account.
i am so excited :) <-- understatement of the century. stoked!
just one humble opinion here, but i'd be ok with piz and parker, if they'd just date eachother.  they were decent actors/characters, but were in the way of more important storylines.  i always felt like they were there to tease us.
1000 to go! maybe i can stop watching the counter...not happening :d
i have a question...i've changed my pledge three times during the campaign. each time, amazon has sent me a confirmation email of the change. i began with a $10 donation, then upped it to $25, then back to $15...these aren't cumulative are they? my current amount pledged is $15, and i'm receiving the $10 reward...someone please clear this up for me?
guyssss i don't know which makes me happier: the fact that it's friday, the fact that i'm having chipotle for lunch, or the fact that we are breaking another kickstarter record!!! love you all!  hope everyone is having a great afternoon (duh, how could you not..)
wow cant believe i almost missed this!  well with 8 hours left i'm in!
yeah, ben, if all you got was the amazon confirmation, you are not getting the higher reward.  you can reduce your pledge still.
@tracy there were definitely things i missed about home (the us) though, like free drink refills at restaurants and there being no such thing as a tv tax, or walking tax, or breathing tax, etc. :p
so proud to be a aussie backer. hey rob, totally bummed the "logan" package is gone. really wanted to get it for my mum. :o) is there anyway to still get a picture? willing to donate $$$. anyways.... i would happily donate whether there was a reward or not. i was thinking after the movie, you could just start up the show again. cause we all need more veronica mars in our life.
@corey sadly i got the amazong confirmation and not the kickstarter confirmation. i'm on the $25+ package and not the sdcc package! i could cry :(
:d a little over 1000 backers needed.
i think we're gonna break the backer record!!! 8-d
lol 86,000!!
watched the countdown to $2 million after pledging on the first day and now i'm watching the countdown to hopefully the record breaking number of backers on the last day! i love this show and i'm so excited to get to be a part of making the movie happen! i'm in the uk so i'm not sure if i can make it to the final hours--but it looks like i won't need to!
86,0000!!
so close! we are definitely gonna break that record!
1143!
wooo!!! thanks christopher, for being a backer, you are awesome!
you guys you can go to your amazon payments and there is a link to edit the payments not yet paid and you can get rid of the ones you don't want on there.  just be sure you know which is which and delete the old ones.  i've upped my pledge 3 times and i cleared out all the old authorizations from my amazon account so i wouldn't have to worry about it.
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 86000
86,000!
86,000!!!
so it pretty much took 2 hours to get to 86000 from 85000. crazy
i'mmmm officially a backer! woohoo!
3 more backers to 86,000!!!
hi new backers! prospective backers: join the party!
@stephen.. awesome!  enjoy!  i sure did!
well, in order to get certain rewards you have to have separate pledges.  in the end, i don't think it matters.  i think it's only a very small percentage of people doubling up on accounts.  a pledge is a pledge.
8.5 backers per minute over the last 30 minutes.  if that trend continues over the next 8 hours, the record will easily be broken and we might hit 90,000!
@ines my bf has vacated our house for the pub for that reason, said he would go insane if he heard "that song" again, lol
@stephen: welcome to the vm side of kickstarter. we have cookies. :)
here comes 86,000...we are so breaking the record!!
for those who might have gotten the kickstarter confirmation, but not the amazon one, which was my predicament this morning. i clicked 'manage my pledge' and then selected change payment method. it took me to the amazon log-in screen where i was able to confirm the package and payment. immediately got the confirmation after. good stuff.
hi folks, just thought i should comment as i haven't since i pledged. only started watching recently (ep 6 season 1, love it already. how i never watched before i'll never know :) ), but wanted to be part of history! hopefully other shows will get a second chance like this.
sigh, make that 1,177 left
130 backers per hour to do the impossible! well, just like tom cruise tonight we bring it!
ok guys, 8 hours! we can do this! keep it going, we're almost at 86,000 backers! from there it'll be cake...8 hours is plenty of time. right?
(85,955) only 1,18700 more backers needed with 8:57:25 remaining
@jason glad to hear it, we love it here too!
omg!! we are soooo close. i am so happy to share this moment will all of you guys!! i got "we used to be friends"on replay since this morning!!
thanks, @michael and melissa!  :) i'm creating an account for my husband now, so two pledges will be coming from our family! i wasn't able to donate on day one (it was day two) and i know it's silly but i was super bummed that i wasn't a part of reaching the first initial goal.  atleast today i can play a part in helping reach the next big goal!  :)  off to lunch.. hope we're already there by the time i get back!
*be
i finally backed this project. i've been reading the comments since day one though. thanks everyone for the much appreciated distraction from my master thesis :)
still hoping the movie will bee piz and parker free...no offense to anyone who may be a fan of those 2 characters, but i want an oucm:  original upn cast movie.
maaaaaan, look at that: http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week the backers per hour are shooting through the roof! 500+ now!
@jason glad to here it, we love it here too!
hi everyone! this really is so exciting! i have one concern, though: i notice that some of you are signing up as multiple backers even though they are all just one person. i can't find anything in the rules that says not to do that but i an concerned that it will be considered "cheating" because it's actually not really a true representation of number of backers. i got my husband, daughter, 2 brothers and some friends excited enough to back the project because a) i want to see this happen and b) want the # of backers to be seen as legit. just a small concern 'cause i don't want anything to blot the win for rob or the fabulous fans!
@holly  thanks. for the info. i did what you said, but it still said i was pledged for $200. i went through & selected $200 again just to be sure, but haven't gotten anything from amazon except the confirmation for the $450.
@amber, listen to michael, he is all-knowing about that stuff! :)
i think we broke kicktraq the graph is still trending to maximum of $5,459,679!
@tracy i lived there for 2 years when i was in the air force, i had a blast.
@amber i believe it's 87,144 backers? :)
@ amber, we need 87,143 backers to be #1! :)
@ben, i work at a credit union, and until the kickstarter ends, the authorization hold will probably remain.  it should drop off once the kickstarter ends (as far as i know).
one kb voicemail available
crikey at this rate we might crack $6 mil, this morning i thought we'd be lucky to hit 5.5 million. were are all those extra backers coming from?
$96,157 in the last hour!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woot woot!!!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/ see ya'll in an hour!
my pledge is already showing at $35. however, as i'm an international backer i have to use amazon payments and on there i've got 2 payments authorized: $35 original pledge and $160 new pledge
hey guys! good afternoon! quick question (and i know that this question has probably already been asked way too many times today) what is the goal-breaking backer count?
wow, with the speed the # of backers is increasing, it looks like the record's going to be blown away with hours to spare.
dito! to both of you!
$217,000 made with 9 hours to go.
closing in on 86,000. we're down to single digits. all y'all check your bank balances, make sure you won't get overdrawn!
@michelle: back at ya! (and the rest of you amazing people, too)
almost 5.5, and we are so damn close the record. i'm proud to call myself a marshmallow. <3 i love you guys.
ok, if you are going to the party in austin tonight send a tweet with #veronicabars in it so we know who's going.
all i know is my daughter is napping and im praying she stays napping cause i honestly cant tear myself away from here. sleep baby sleep!!
@ julia, yes i did!
@jason i live in the states now and still talk in quids, old habits die hard!
@christine: tell me about it! i volunteer at the aquarium where i am, and i have a shift coming up. it's gonna be so hard for me to just talk about the aquarium stuff! :)
@hr did you change your pledge amount? if not, you would not get an amazon email.
418 new backers since 1 p.m. est. guess we'll close the hour above 450. keep coming, new backers!
we need to start posting to every single forums topic on the internet with the words "veronica mars" sending them to us. because there are still people out there in the world who do not know that the vm movie is in existence. fanfiction.net, here i come.
i would think the series dvd's would be region 2 as well. amazon uk has them in region 2: http://www.amazon.co.uk/veronica-mars-complete-european-release/dp/5517134130/ref=sr_1_1…
haha - i don't think any of us can.....
hey, i got the sdcc package, and kickstarter email confirmation, but no amazon email. is that a problem? anyone else have the same issue? thanks marshmallows!
ahhh, "quid", makes me all nostalgic for living in england. :p
excited to see the backers count raising, i really hope we can pull this off and get the record for most backers. so happy to be part of this project :)
85,842 means that only 1,300 backers are needed to match the record...with 9 hours remaining. it's looking very good.
this whole day has been completely shot for me in terms of productivity ... i cannot look away from the counter!
so close
@ben just go to manage your pledge and change your pledge back to $35. you don't have to cancel anything through amazon. managing your pledge will take care of it.
sorry jaimie, i dunno where 21 came from. region 2 for europe...he answered it in full detail on the home page.  "region 1 for united states and canada. region 2 for europe. region 4 for australia, new zealand, brazil, and mexico."
@jamie you can buy region free dvd player really cheaply.. a  lot of the 20 quid tesco type ones are region free...
rob says i'm down for a $35 dollar pledge but my amazon payment account is still showing a $160, which i will obviously have to cancel if i actually dont have the sdcc package!
@rhian that's for the movie. i think jaimie means for the series dvds.
@jaimie they answered that question on the home page.  they will be region-locked to your location.  the blu-rays are likely to not have region lock on them, though.
@jaimie: the answer is on the faq: "what region will the international dvds be? region 1 for united states and canada. region 2 for europe. region 4 for australia, new zealand, brazil, and mexico."
@jaimie faq says region 2 for europe
@jaimie: i'm pretty sure rt answered that question on the home page...i think he said they will be region 21, but i'd have to check...
@jaimie: good question. dvds for the movie will probably be region free, but i don't know they'll do the same for the season box sets.
i hope we break the record!!
do you think the dvds will be region free? i've yet to get them because i'd have to buy them with the german box (i'm in the uk) and i'm just thinking if they're region free or they remake some r2 i'd up my pledge? :)
lol i shouldn't even be complaining since this is actually my 2nd account and i have premiere tix on the first...but still, really wanted that comic con seat!  on another note, i can't stop looking at the number of backers being added!! we just need slightly more than 1000 to break the record right now and we are def hitting 5.5 million (maybe 6?!) vm  fans rock!!
if your reward says sdcc then leave it alone!  if they somehow oversold, that's for rt and kickstarter to work out.  i doubt 5 additional people will be an issue since they added extra today anyway.
it happen so quickly and my phone didn't let me confirm the change. by the time i got on a computer the slot was gone! >.<
so rob's meessaged me back saying it's a glitch and i didn't get the sdcc package. devestated! this also means the package sold out in 1 minute as i got my confirmation at 18:01 (gmt)
of anything say -# i'm sure the number of negative people are not getting that reward so if you don't have a confirmation from kickstarter saying you got the reward then you didnt get it. :(
welcome rosemary :)
look at that graph of backers per hour! http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
k for everybody wanting to know what they got all you do is scroll down on the side. you don't even have to click "manage you pledge". scroll the side of all the tiers and it will highlight and say which one you selected
i kb voice mail left, twitter option is also available...
i did not discover vm until long after the final episode.  when i watched a single episode on soapnet, i was completely hooked and ordered all seasons from amazon dot com. i proceeded to watch the dvds and nothing else and completed every single episode from all seasons in under a week. i absolutely love vm...the writing, acting , and directing of every single episode. needless to say, i am a proud backer of this fantastic kickstarter efforts and proud of it!  after that completion of the twilight series, i absolutely could not wait to focus on another tremendous movie production!
if you look at the sdcc package, it says -5 of 150 remaining, so it looks like there are 5 of us in that situation...can't they make an exception and send us the tickets too since our payment went thru?!
@sam hayek  you are probably right, have fun at sdcc nevertheless!
how is this possible? for the sdcc $150 fan package (under manage your pledge) it says all gone and then "limited (-5 of 150 remaining)" so does that mean sometimes the system will accept more than are available? that 155 packages were actually processed? or are 5 of those people out of luck?
@krista well spotted, they only put it up to 3200 this morning!
seems like a lot of people are having the same problem ,be sure to check your amazon account authorizations, i was authorizing $400 but only at the $100 pledge in kickstarter, just be sure to check!
1 kristen voice message left! wish i had the money :(
@ leslie only if someone uses there phone to do so. streaming on the type of wifi at the pub would crash it and mess up the count down.
almost there guys!!! come just a little bit more!
i think the $200 dropped because so many other pledges include a signed poster, take pity on their hands!
@krista i didn't, but i'm thinking they took those out for the deluxe logan lover's.
to reiterate: if all you received is the amazon payment authorization and not the kickstarter pledge confirmation, then you did not receive the new reward.  "manage your pledge" to reduce your payment amount if so desired.
just made myself another account to pledge an additional 25$. a girl's gotta have a backup of her new favorite shirt!
is there going to be any kind of live feed of the countdown party tonight - would love to be watching the action
when you click "manage your pledge" you can see what package is selected.  so if you got the sdcc package, it would be clearly stated.  i pledged $225 so i get the extra t-shirt, but it shows that i still have the $200 reward package selected. too bad those logan deluxe packages went so quickly
did anyone else notice that the 200$ pledge went from 3200 this morning to 3000 now?
did they drop they number of $200 packages back down?
@julia - great explanation! : )
@ben you won't. the payment confirmation is separate. if you do not see that you have the right tier, you will not get it. you should change your pledge back to what it was if you do not want to pay more than the tier you currently have.
is anyone else making up various gmail accounts to to make extra $1 pledges? :)
i just checked my original pledge email and everyone should get two: one from amazon confirming the new authorized payment amount and one from kickstarter confirming the new pledge amount and reward tier.  if you only received one from amazon, you are not getting the reward.  if you received the one from kickstarter but the web site is showing something different, it may just need to "catch up."  if it doesn't update within 30 minutes, i'd try contacting kickstarter for comfirmation.  if you received an amazon email and don't wish to pledge that amount anymore, you'll need to lower the amount in "manage your pledge."
we will hit six million. the best is yet to come.
sorry not @jayne but @jayme... log out of kickstarter, delete your cookies, and log back in.
i've tweeted rob and i'm praying i get a reply! i've got confirmation of payment, so if the money goes out, i'm hoping i'll get the sdcc package! #worriedmarshmallow!!!
you can manage your pledge at any time and change your pledge amount.  the pledge amount and the reward package selected are somewhat decoupled.
the reason you up your pledge even if the tier is sold out is because the pledge and the tiers are not connected that way. you can pledge $10,000 and choose the $10 tier. so the system is seeing that you want to up your pledge from (for example) $35 to $150. so that is processed by amazon. totally separately, it sees you want to get the sdcc fan package. unfortunately, that was sold out, so you did not get it. you just have to go change your pledge back to whatever it was before.
i think we will hit 5.5 mil easily!!!
holy crap, only 1473 backers needed to break the record!! i can't believe these crazy marshmallows might actually pull it off.  gotta luv the fan loyalty this show inspires!
@marci: same thing happened over at reaper minis and double fine adventure kisckstarters. we killed their servers in the last hour and hundreds of pledges and changes didn't go through hahaha.
me, myself, and i, plus my imaginary friend just donated, +4 backers ;)
same problem ben .... hmmm...
since i won't be joining you all on the red carpet or in san diego, austin, or nyc, i will just have to be satisfied with an additional t-shirt.  if you ever come by way of atlanta or charlotte, i hope to shake hands and get an autograph. good luck with everthing.  your fellow marshmellow,
i thought there were only 150 sdcc fan packages? because it says 155 backers?
we are so close i can taste it.
between 8:05 and 10:28 pdt we got 1000 backers this morning.
yeah i'm super undecided what i want my video message to say. happily we've got time to draft those. ha ha
i am sad that this is over. it has been such a big part of my life for the past month
yes i selected the $150+ option and went through to amazon and confirmed payment! i can't afford to pay $160 if i'm not attending the sdcc event though. really worried!
i got the same thing yesterday. seems it sends out an e-mail for the amount you tried to pledge even if you didn't get it. not sure why that is happening, as it definitely shouldn't. if you didn't get a congratulations notice with the new amount and pledge tier listed after processing then it didn't go through. i was so upset yesterday when that happened to me. so sorry for all who had the same problem today. i printed my "congratulations" notice for proof just in case of more glitches. seems the system can't really handle a ton of people at the same time.
order has been restored to the galaxy. i have my sdcc fan package. i can't wait!!!
just 1,500 backers needed.
87,142 - 85,642 = 1,500 to go with 9 hours remaining... ;-) see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter
@jayme the same thing happend for me and the logan lover package. it said i got it and then it said it was sold out, but then i got en e-mail comfirming my pledge update and yet it still says on my kickstarter page that i am pledging $100? i'm not sure if i really got the package or not :-/
@jayne... check your email and then log out and log in
incidentally, we're just about to beat the kicktraq high projection of $5,459,679 - i suppose that was to be expected, since it's an average of previous days and last day always seems to accelerate, but it was nice to see.  come on $5.5m!  at $5.75m,the theoretical net value of pledges (after fulfillment and fees) would be just over $4m which - well damn, people, that's some good work.
if the email you got was from amazon, not kickstarter, that probably means you upped your pledge but did not get the new reward. you should make sure to change your pledge back to what it was unless you want to spend more for the same reward.
do the emails confirm the pledge amount or the reward tier or both?  if it's the actual reward tier, then there may be a problem that kickstarter and rt need to be made aware of.  if it's only the pledge amount, be sure to check it under "manage my pledge" as you can pledge more than your selected reward.
i think that if you received an email then it probably went through. i bet the website is just a little overwhelmed and still "catching up". check back in an hour or so.
@jayme - i think you paid $450 for a $200 reward. if this is the case, you can easily reduce your pledge to $200 back again.
just got to "manage your pledge," change it back to what it was before, then submit to pledge the new amount.
@ michael: i'd simply let her say something for my voice mail, some standard thingie like: hello, you've reached.... that would never get old...
i'm having the same issue as others i got an amazon payment email for $150.00 but kickstarter still says $100.00 for me.
yeah i gave up my kb message pledge for the premier… now i sort of regret it. :\
1500 to go!!!!
when i went to sleep last night, we had around 82,000 backers. when i woke up this morning, we had over 85,000. i am so shocked! good job team
um...a bit confused here. tried to up my $200 pledge to $450 for the sdcc vip, but it said they sold out before it could process. however, even though my account still says it's at the $200 level, i just got an email confirming the $450. so...do i have the vip pass or no?
haha, i told my mom about this and she told me to chip in another $25 for her.  just upped my pledge!
kb video greeting is gone! i'm sorry for those who pledged but it didn't go through.  if you received an email confirmation but the pledge didn't update, i'd contact kickstarter to see what, if anything, can be done about it.  i mean, if you have an email confirmation then you should still be entitled to the reward,  but with these limited exclusives, i'm not sure what can be done about it.
currently more than 400 backers per hour?!?!!!
still 2 nyc premiere tickets left!
@ nadia, it did the same thing to me with me sdcc tix... the payment went thru, i got the email, but it doesnt show i have that reward selected anymore.. i think the system crashed cause we were all selecting it at the same time :((( oh well, i guess i can still stand online all day at comic con. sighh
i can't believe it!  i got the lld package!  now what kind of inappropriate things can i get jason dohring to write on his headshot?
@ben did you pick the $150 level? is it highlighted?
closing in on about 1,500 backers needed for the record...and by my calcs that's about 165 needed per hour (2.75 per minute!) whoo hoo! i'm delirious on cold medicine and backer joy!
@sam hayek me too!
nyc just opened up.
ok i'm a little worried now! i've got the payment confirmation email for $160 but when i went on manage pledge it still says $35. so have i got my sdcc package or not?!
ok all time for bed for this very happy marshmellow, night. see you all in a few hours! 90909 backers we can do this!
damn... i really really really wanted that logan lover's package. oh well, i guess it's for the best. i shouldn't be spending that kind of money anyway, it's a little out of my price range.
@sharon lol. well thanks. same words apply.
@casey, we'll have to make a point to find each other and say hi. : )
@robyn - lol, sorry, that message from mark was actually from me. had to get my husband a vip ticket to join me!  you approved me on fb this morning - thanks for that!! :)
@giulia... dvd non vedo l'ora
kristen bell video greeting still available.  i can't afford it, but even if i could, i don't know what i'd even have her say...? :)
only 1,582 more backs to break the record! spam those love youtube compilation videos where fans may be lurking!
i got a logan's lover package! i can't believe it! :) i'm keeping the shirt and headshot and i'm giving the poster to a friend of mine, she'll be thrilled when she reads this!! :)
ok, my self-imposed 15 minute time-limit is up. :( i wish i could stay and chat! i'll be back soon, though, and when i return, i expect that number of backers to be at least over 86,000... :)
rewards that weren't available before are available now see if there's something you might want to upgrade too. :)
yeah.... new reward!!!!! yesssss
@nadia: i'm so sorry! that really sucks. :(
and... all the new rewards are gone!
okay, now rob has to come in and comment on how fast everything went again!
@mark thanks a ton! it's been fun for me!
booo, i went through paying for the logan package twice and both times it said it completed, but when i came back to kickstarter it still had my old pledge bracket...and now all sold out
i wish there was something other then a poster to sign aside from being semi poor i hame no room to hang the thing saved me 100
yessss got the logan's tier
haha, i guess @jenny then.
seems a few people dropped higher rewards to get some lower ones.  hopefully some lower people upped their pledges to balance that out!
last push grassroots promotion: with new rewards, lots of backers changed their rewards, so lots of previously filled rewards are wide open! spread the word. let people know of these newly opened rewards (*cough* $200 level)!!!
this is so cool!  hopefully everyone got the reward they wanted.   i admit having some doubt earlier in the week about breaking the backer record.  never should have doubted because it looks like we're going to cruise past that number.
gone just as quick as i typed it lol
@ben, i'm with you on the language thing. it's too pervasive in this society. however, one of the little script snippets that rob thomas released had v. mars dropping an f-bomb. there is no guarantee it will be part of the final film, and i imagine he wants to keep it a pg-13 film, but most pg-13 movies can slip at least 1 f-bomb in now.
i am so shocked. i thought rob was crazy when last week he said he wanted us to get past 88,000. i was looking at the numbers and thought there was no possible way that would be possible. now here we are, so close to his goal. i think it is not some miracle, but the fact that all of us marshmallows worked so hard to get the word out there. i think we all deserve a big pat of the back!
there is still 2 logan lovers pkgs left
well, although my husbands sentiments, i'm sure, are the same as mine, the comment by ben johnson, was actually mine. :)
snagged a logan's lover's package: keeping the other t-shirt and the headshot, and i'm gifting the rest to my niece. :)
yes!!! someone changed their mind and i got my choice!!!
love it!! happy logan lover here!! hope everyone got what they wanted!! now let's keep that backer number moving!! :)
totals at 1pm: $5,374,069 and 85,419 backers totals at 1:10pm: $5,451,222 and 85,521 backers so in 10 minutes, we got 102 backers and $77,153. i was overly optimistic, i guess.
i was making questionable life choice and wanted the logan lovers package and i didn't get it :( guess my internet was trying to save me some $$
i got the movie tickets from the 1st round of 50 backers... but i have to say a bit disappointed that the amount has opened up to 300 people attending. i was hoping for a brief chance of interaction with the cast... but i guess i can't be selfish.... now... could we concentrate on the backers bit... lol.
almost 100,000 in ten minutes!
there's 2 logan packages left! hurry, if you want 'em!
loads of $200 spots have opened up now.
so stoked about all of this! first i was so excited that there was a kickstarter campaign for my favorite tv series of all time. second, the reality set in that there would actually be a movie that i've so long waited and dreamed about! is it a little nerdy that i miss those characters as if they were friends who'd moved away and i lost contact with over the years? that's how i felt. then we hit the $5m mark and i about passed out! i'm not the only fan out there who had hoped this dream would come to pass, re-watching and re-watching the final veronica mars episode (and the entire series) and thinking, "that can't be the end...please, tell me it's not so." well, it's not the end, yippee! i will throw out one concern i have. i loved the campaign video but was disappointed in the f word that was used. i'm a mother of two small girls and i try to be careful about what i watch. i know vm had cussing in many of it's episodes, but being a tv series they were "milder" cuss words. i hope the movie will remain the same caliber in all ways as the series was, including the limited use of adult language. thank you for not giving up on vm, we never did!
@joanne there are still plenty of autographed posters, personalized cast recordings, and one personal premier available. hope something there eases the blow :d
there's also a kb video and voice mail message available.
as a broke marshmellow, i am going to live vicariously though all of you who were able to buy these awesome packages!!! :)
damn, i hesitated for one minute and literally all the tickets were gone!
@robyn thanks for your positive energy, and for starting the fb backers group!  you're an amazing marshmallow!! :)
what the hell? amazon sent me the mail that they got my 150$ for sdcc but it still shows that i have $1 selected.. i literally clicked on them as soon as they were available :/
less than 2,000 backers to break the record! (if my math is correct, which it might not be...) can we do it?? :)
if there is a seattle or surrounding area showing, i'd be down to show as well!
was all the way to the comfirm part & but missed out... gh well was worth the try :) cheers
first time commenting... i upped my initial pledge of $200 to $250 to get the logan lover's deluxe package. had to refresh "manage your pledge" page about 6 times to finally get it to show up. lucky to grab it when i did, apparently! i wonder if i'll be able to request a specific autograph from jason: "annoy tiny blonde one, annoy like the wind!"
huh, the sdcc is at 156 and the austin premiere is at 102...  (instead of 150 and 100 resp.)
where do you go to buy tickets?
i was ready and waiting at 1pm est to update my pledge and reward... the logan lover's deluxe reward was "all gone" within 3 minutes! i'm so sad!!!
if theres a pdx theatrical showing im up to meet up!
still some la premiere left.
god, i've either done something completely awesome or ridiculous. logan lover's package bought. i'm happy but my bank account won't be!
woo hoo i was able to get my upgrade from the $200 to the $250 to get that headshot!!!! i was panicking though because i had to reset my internet at 12:58. i was scared it wasn't going to refresh in time. i am on could nine! now let's get that record & beyond!!! good luck to everyone else :)
that was awesome :) 500 more to 86000 :)
@ michael.. bummer but thanks!
that was quick!!!!
hi marci! i'll see you at the sdcc vip event!
hope everyone got what they wanted!
every new reward gone in less than 5 minutes but the la premiere tickets. my guess was good
awesome, thanks michael!
there are 11 open la premiere tickets..weird.
that was crazy, but im a happy happy girl!
congrats marci, and jenny! lucky marshmallows!!
we should arrange meet ups to go see the movie...
i got it!!!!!!!! sdcc woo hooooooo!!!!
got my logan lovers package plus some to get two shirts :-) thought about the fan event package but it's only for one person and my boyfriend wouldn't be able to go that way. i'm still excited though! hopefully they will stream the event!
did we all get what we wanted? after yesterday's difficulty with amazon i decided to up my pledge this time around and i got the vip package! : )  yay!! who else is going?
@ heidi, items will be available at different times, so expect multiple packages.
it's been 5 minutes and all that's left is 1 logan lover's deluxe and a handful of la premiere tickets.
my phone was too slow and by the time i clicked confirm... it was gone :(
at 18:01 (gmt) i successfully got the sdcc package!
drooool and swooon i forgot my password to pp and got it and made my pledge barely. one very happy marshmallow!
got my sdcc package! that leaves open a level $200 reward, with the autographed poster. sorry to lose it, but this will get me and my gf into the party as she got it also. woohoo!
@ hr, you can't get the tv series with either of the new packages.  make a new account or do without.  :(
a quick question to all you awesomefolk: does anyone know whether the merchandise will be sent all in one package or seperately? i assume rob is too busy at the moment to answer, so figured i'd ask here instead.
there's one austin premier and after party open
i've known sneezes last longer than that.
this is crazy!
yes yes yes! managed to grab the logan lover's package!!! now i can get back to my normal life :)
4 minutes. 4 minutes to sell out nyc. again. can't wait to see y'all there :-)
woo! look at that counter go!
whoo!!  i had to stalk the kickstarter page to do it, but i upped my pledge for the sdcc event!  now i just have to break it to my husband that i'm going to san diego in july... :)
booooyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
woohoo! got the 250 level logan's lover package, so i will be releasing my 150 level and my 200 level! don't worry--still will be two backers so that i can get two shirts and double the stickers!
gone in 4 minutes
@ hr - no, i think you would have to pledge under a different account for an additional 175
$50,000 jump in three minutes.
logan lovers gone in 4 minutes
$5.4 and climbing!!
lotsa logan lover's and cc left!
this is fascinating to watch....
the 20 $450s gone in 3 minutes
it's like being at wal-mart on black friday!
omg
snagged a sdcc fan package. so psyched. but i was originally a backer at $175 to get all 3 seasons on dvd. can i still get that if i up my pledge from $150 to $175?
@tigernightmare, i stand corrected you were right about them hills!
rewards going fast...
more logan lovers, deluxe, sdcc, and premiere tickets. let's see how long they last!
the site is crashing! too many marshmallows trying to pledge at once!
and the vip comiccon packages are gone in 3 minutes
@tiger best comment! (why didn't i think of that???)
yea upped my pledge! success!  6 cc packages as i type. 87,134 here we come!
so 10 seconds before 1pm, the totals were: $5,373,973 and 85,415 backers. let's see the totals in 10 mins. ;o)
we broke kickstarter
there we go...they just posted, and they're already flying off the shelves! (not really. no shelves to speak of...) :)
ok the website is whaked out
oops 5489!
watch the numbers skyrocket! hopefully we don't crash the ks site....
hellloooo tiger!  got a wes quote for the craziness about to unfold?
rewards open: good luck!!
holy crap they're going fast! ha ha
oops 5489!
i made it!!!
live!! goooooooo
grab them while you can!!!
oops 5489!
got it sweet one of the first 3!
we broke kickstarter
@julia bahahaha the explosion didnt go off :p
uh, oh. rob is late!
only need 1723 more in ten hours, come on marshmallows! and 54489 more for 90909!
i expect the next hour to be an explosion, so we will see a lot more backers. this one, from 12:00 to 1:00 was from 85,016 to 85,415 , so basically almost 400. let's see next hour.
it's the final countdown!!!  ba-ba-ba-buh.  ba-ba-ba-ba-duh!
aaaaand they're off!
it's on like donkey kong
release the kraken/hounds!
all right, i've put off my homework, and run to the library, in honor of this next hour! 2 minutes now!
i'm not going for one of the new rewards but good luck to all of you who are! counting down!
it would be awesome, but would take ~550 backers an hour... i'll be quite impressed if that happens
@yaz i will be using @austinscalendar to tweet tonight. i will try to take video but it will be dark so it may not work.
$22,434 in the last hour! this next hour will explode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait to get that hourly figure! 4 https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
@tony omg that would be genius.
i know someone already said it, but it would be awesome if we could get 90909 backers
less than 1,800 backers needed... i think (at least hope) we can do it!!!
i say about 180 new backers, and 68k in the first 10 minutes.
@carrie ha ha good one. i'm getting ryan to send me a video message. oh i just can't wait.
watching the clock is making me twitchy!
so excited!!!! almost there!!!
5 min :)
@david whats your twitter handle will follow you if your gonna live tweet
@ashley but some of that will be people moving around their current pledges, so i don't think it'll be quite that much.
7 minutes to madness. take cover
@julia, i calculated that if all the packages go, it will be $124,000
5.9mll/90,000
so how much money and backers do you all think we will bring in between 1pm and 1:10pm? i'm guessing about $100k and around 250 backers.
alright everyone. comment everywhere! comment on facebook, twitter, cw, upn, soapnet, youtube videos (even if they are not vmars related! lol) instagram, pinterest (i do not have accounts there i don't even know if you can leave comments...if you can't find a way!) tell your roommates,friends,co workers, class mates, grandparents siblings, significant others, people on the street, enemies it doesnt matter. just get those pledges!!!!!
#veronicamarsmovie , right?
@david #veronicamarsmovie and @veronicamars
5.8 million and 90009
#veronicamarsmovie
what is the twitter #hashtag for this project? i will need it to post to night from the pub.
@simona: ovvio! tu che ricompensa hai scelto? io alla fine mi sono fatta convincere dal dvd! non vedo l'ora! just 1,797 more backers!
5.75miion/89,000
i'm leaving for lunch so i won't even consider it. see y'all in an hour!
tick, tick, tick these last minutes to 1 are going soooo slow.
@ michael: there will be comic con rewards (50 sdcc fan packages and 20 sdcc vip packages), more premiere tickets (50 pairs of tickets to the la premiere and 50 pairs of tickets to the nyc premiere), and more logan lover's packages: 50 logan lover's packages and 100 logan lover's deluxe packages.
@dan, your scenario is different than what was referring to. i'm talking about those backers that specifically made their intentions clear. like seriously? keep that on the dl. i am so not robbing a bank with any of you anytime soon...lol
alright, my official guesses are 5:12 pm for the record, 89759 total, and i'll go with 5.72 mill.  try to make your guesses before the 1pm craziness!!
good luck to those pledging for the new rewards.  i'm happy at my level as well (though that hometown screening would be pretty sweet!). :)
@jesca they are tweeting but they dont usually release those videos cuz there suppose to be for backers only
@ jesca the video of kb was on facebook late last night.
@michael logan's lovers and more tickets to the premiers
@david, you are a legend! i'll keep an eye out for your uploads! :)
anyone that has access to twitter right now...are rt or kb tweeting today? did that video of kristen get released?
greetings from austria!
what's the 1pm release?  another logan lovers?  is that 1pm et?
@brian - i changed my reward about 6 times over the last month and finally settled on a package i'm very happy with. get ready to record my outgoing message, jason dohring!
i say 5.7 mil... not sure my backer guess yet.  the 1pm releases should add a huuge chunk so... eep!
@giulia :d per veronica questo ed altro... ahahah gooooooooo gooooooo italy
@ jesca thanks. my fingers are crossed :)
@karina i am not there anymore. i promise to take video and pics tonight and post them on the austinscalendar.com twitter and youtube when i get home.
during the past hour or so, this project is getting over 400 backers per hour and the hourly needed average has dropped below 200. two pretty big milestones in order to break the record.
carole a: i had set up two pledges to get both t-shirts before rob allowed us to add $25 (or $35 for us canadians) to a pledge. some of the 'multiple' accounts are like that. hmm... maybe i will add $35 to each account to get 4 shirts??
me too @carrie but if they post hundred of pictures then i will be happy!
good luck to the 1pm new rewards hopefuls. i'm happy with my level :)
for everyone going for the vip comiccon package, good luck and i'm so jealous of you all!
@ michael - i wish!  i think there was talk of going in as a group, but not sure how or if that could happen any longer!  i have faith that someone with big bucks will pick it up!
time for some realistic numbers : 5.5m allong with 88k backers is the maximum i see the project ending with. could we vm fans even beat my highest expectations? please :)
2000 backs needed with 10 hours to go, in so excited im tingling all over lol
@simona: grande! go italy!
@ tonia good luck!! manage your pledge before 1 pm to get someone for sure.
no doubt these will be the longest 20 minutes of my life
yeah, good luck to everyone trying for one of the 1pm releases!
after looking at imdb..... can every character ever on the show make it into the film? seriously, vmars had the most amazing talent.
is there anybody thats gonna be at dog and duck pub tonite that will be live tweeting would love to follow since i cant be there
i'm a proud backer from italy....
12:40 est right now, come on 1:00 est.....i want to up my $200 pledge to $250. i just hope my internet will stop being wacky.
c'mon!  someone has to scoop up that hometown screening!!!
all stats and a clock here (great site !!!) http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
@beatriz: thanks :)
i posted this yesterday, but wanted to get it out there again: tip for those wanting to upgrade rewards today: login to kickstarter and hit manage your pledge before 1pm, then refresh that page at 1pm. saves you one step!
@david go in for us!!! take pics for us!
if you are a ut student i would part at ut and walk over to the pub tonight. there is some street and lot parking in the area but austin is thump'n on friday nights so the short walk from ut is better.
@ jon :)
ok so for once being wrong makes me happy :) 10.5 it is!!
just drove by the dog and duck pub. just some guy outside doing yard work. a few cars in the parking lot.
25 mins to go for new rewards. im happy at my level but i hope you all get your chance to get what you want!!
@carrie i'm just afraid ill never answer my phone since i'm gonna want to hear it haha
@ jesca - the counter on the side states how many full days or hours we still have. that way, i believe we need to add the other parts of hour or day. like, right now, the other counter at the marsinvestigation page says that we still have 10 hours and 24 minutes.
yeah about, 1883 in 10 hours.
i still have we used to be friends as a ringtone bhahaha
has there been any mention of the format of the digital copy? not that i'll need it when the bluray arrives, but i never understood releasing digital copies formatted for an iphone or similar. much like musicians are starting to embrace flac and have it as an option for fans, the movie industry needs to start making 1080p mkvs and the like available as an option.
if i'm not wrong we need a 180.67 backers per hour to break the record... come on!
@gabriela - i changed mine as soon as the project started
@jesca.. nope she got me!!
i may or may not be making "we used to be friends" my ringtone.
according to kicktraq, it's 10 hrs 27 minutes to go on the campaign.
@jesca nope, it ends in just under 10.5 hours.
just upped my pledge, since i'm not spending the gas money to go to and from austin.
@beatriz  doh!!  lol
@ dorte - you can check this page: http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
@krista cartwright-lloyd yes i did, so $25 pledge then added $10 for a total $35 amount
@ beatriz pretty sure jon is right with 9.5
okay, i just made my mom, dad and sister donate $1
we're so close to the last kickstarter record!  i knew i wasn't the only one who loved veronica mars this much.  just before this campaign came out, i was just telling a co-worker about this veronica mars and how i wish there was a proper ending to the show.  i know we can do it.
i can't believe what a foregone conclusion the record seems like now... seemed totally out of reach a few days ago.  amazing concentration of effort, whether it was getting word out or creating a 4th email account... marshmellows united will never be defeated!
hey :) where do you get the averages from? wasn't that like 100 backers in ten minutes right now?
@kathryn everything helps!!!
@ jon, you need to divide it by 10,5, not 9,5, because we still have 10 full hours and another 30 minutes to go.
@krista i'm up in ottawa! its soo gross here, but unfortunately i still have power here at work. its supposed to be super warm tomorrow though so this weekend should be better :)
@dream, and that means how many people we need per hour not what current rate of people we are getting..
been meaning to say this for a while but if you're going to register with multiple email address so as to increase the backer numbers keep that to yourselves. everyone can read the comment section and we don't want to delegitimize our accomplishment. no sense in breaking  the record if there will be an asterisk next to it.  just saying
@karina 90909!!  hahahahahaha!!!  i love it!
it's 10.5 right now.  11pm est, and it's 1230 right now
awesome, kathryn!
33 minutes for the new list of rewards...
lets not get ahead of ourselves people lets shoot for and be happy with 88k
@dreamrose.. no its right.. you cant look at the counter because it doesnt do minutes.. divide by 9.5 and right now its 203/hour
i know it's not much, but i got my mother to donate $25.
@jesca i'm in kingston!! it's insane here right now, we lost power and the worst part is i'm a skating coach and we have our big year end shows this weekend and the rink has no power, it's running the backup gen and that only lasts so long! crossing my fingers the power comes back on soon!!
@jesca possibly haha!
@karina lol would you get mad at the backer that brought us to 90910...be like noooo
anyone want to bet on how long it takes the new rewards to sell out? since so many people were confused by the timezones yesterday i'm guessing they'll be gone in 5 minutes today.
ok, karina wins for best goal setting :o)
seriously how cool would it be to pick the music for tv shows. im pretty sure that would be one of my top 5 dream jobs.
hey krista, yes add the $10 for canadian shipping. america's hat costs the extra $ :)
yep so 200 backers in 25 min nice!
@krista it was added automatically when i went to pledge...also i see you are enjoying this ice storm too...where are you located?
at this rate i think we should be targeting 90909 backers!!!
i remember listing to all the music back in the day thinking that "opp now i am a hipster" lol but seriously musical genious!
@krista yes. so i pledged 285 for the 275 package
@lisa.. i love that song.. "i can.....hear the bells are ringing joyful and triumphant...."
let's blow these records out of the water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jon!  your average is too high, it's 184 now :o)
my fav song - weapons of class destruction ep. momentary thing the song playing when love was born!!!
we got this guys!!
re: music - the scene where sheriff lamb has arrested v and duncan and has them in the car but is about to let them go, there's a super creepy song (i think it was by air?) playing and it just suits the mood so well.  also, i was a big ol' cotton mather fan before i ever got around to watching veronica mars, so when i heard them at the end of season 1 and also when paul rudd played his "new" song in the missing tapes episode, i was all a'squee with joy. i know rt and the cotton mather singer guy are friends.
1965 more backers needed.. about 206 per hour.. so we are gaining ground.. just this morning it was 208 per hour.. i am certain we will make it.. it'll be a nail biter though!!!
i have a question for the canadian backers here!! did you add the additional 10$ for shipping or not?? i'm a little unclear on that! thanks in advance
guys, don't stop asking other people to pledge, even if it looks like we'll break the record soon. who knows, maybe we'll set an incredibly high record, surpassing 90,000. that would be super cool! lol
lolol, just took a quiz for one of my classes...there was a question on crowdsourcing. knew the answer thanks to the veronica mars movie project! hahaha
i'm calling 7:18 pm est.  any other predictors?  i'd love to see it happen by 6:15 so i can see it before i leave work (won't be able to check again after that till 930ish)
@kdesche i love "i here the bells"!  it runs though my head soooo much....
meanin we are already at 3.000 backers today! with 10 hours to go!!! common
@backupismydog is it 1pm est?
@jose i don't know about other backers, but i created another account to pledge $1 to up the backer numbers. i think a lot of people are doing that.
@kate  engineering is awesome!  but i have to admit it depends a little bit on what field.. but i have done some really exciting things in my life from aircraft, cars that go over 200 mph, to the largest trucks in the world.. travel, adrenaline, (and a lot of coffee).  sure sometimes it can be boring but so can any job if you do it enough.. the thing i like about it though is that i am always doing something new that has never been done before... i like that a lot!
where are these backers coming from!? lol... who cares!? love procrastinators!
1 pm will be nuts!
we're currently doing 220/hour. should get there in 9 hours!
right! i still play such great heights, on most of my playlists. xd i cant wait to see what the movie soundtrack is.
@julia true. that makes me happier. :-d
@valerie there's closer to 11 hours left, though.
2000/10 =200
less thank 2,000...so close.
well 85,143 came and went by very quickly...2,000 to go!!
only 2,000 backers needed!! 10 hours and 43 minutes left = 187 backers per hour!!
omg so i have been using food as a distraction from the counter and now i am super full.
@fu at this point, there is probably not a chance of adding more countries... there are only 10 hours to go! if you do donate and they do add your country to the list, you can always pick an incentive level at a later date.
@crystelle i loved most if not all the music used in the show but the one that has stuck in my head over the years is i hear the bells :)
just joined the backers facebook page!
2000 to go!!!!!!!!!!
2000 in over 10 hours, easily done!
whoa, i go away for an hour and now we need < 187 per hour.  sweet
i never gave up hope for this movie. i am so happy to be a part of this project! congrats to kristen on her new baby. hoping to hear the original theme song in the movie (not the season 3 version). so excited to see what characters come back. i could do without "the piz" though (sorry chris lowell). looking for the perfect ending to this epic love story.
20 questions vmars style!!! out of the music on the show what was everyones fave song?
@michael awesome!! welcome to our happy little (not so little anymore) world!
i am hoping for a 3 hour movie :)))). the more $ the longer the movie can be right??? an hour and half movie would be over to quickly and leave me wanting more.....please & thank you!!!
join us! join us! *insert creepy sounding voice here* https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
@ michael shaw, that's awesome!  it's weird (but cool!) how this kickstarter is bringing in new fans!
still holding on to hope that singapore will be included in the list of country!! i want to get the rewards for my girlfriend!
i'm so psyched!  could we actually hit $6 million before time runs out???
@michael welcome. we're all marshmallow obsessives here. :)
did we just get 100 backers in 11 minutes??
@kate, thanks
okay, i'll be honest here for a minute. when this kickstarter was announced, i had no idea what or who veronica mars was. of course, i knew who kristen bell was, mainly from forgetting sarah marshall. but, while i vaguely remembered hearing about veronica mars when it was on tv, i had no idea what it was about, who was in it, or why i'd want to watch it. but, i watched the pitch video and loved it. so, i pledged. and then i talked to my sister, who is infinitely more knowledgeable and cool than me. "have you heard of veronica mars?" i asked. "heard of it? i loved it. and i own all three seasons on dvd!". so, i borrowed her episodes and my wife and i quickly devoured all three seasons and now we're both so excited for more mars! i was a backer when the project was announced. today, i'm a fan. i am a marshmallow. and, i guess i really need to go on a diet.
i've already done all the pledging i can, but i can't wait to see the numbers fly when the new packages are released in less than an hour.
@carole june
when is the film being shot again? june? july?
robyn, nope nope :p i have mine up too
would it be too crazy to set up my netbook to this page so that i never have to look away from the counter????????
never been so glad to have an iphone with lte, the power is out in my area of town, want to make sure i'm ready for 1pm! stupid mid season ice storms
@lee welcome!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah what's happening on my ipad is the counters freeze for 20-45 seconds then it kicks in with 18-20 new backers.  i think a lot is just going on.  i'm not seeing mine go back though.
personal email, work email, uni email...would it be too much to just create a new account for one more backer...?
@kdesche yeppers!! i was very excited, but had to contain it here at work.
well finally pulled the trigger :) lucky 85000th (give or take 10)... off to bed now in australia, hope to wake up to 90909 backers
https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
@jesca...you got your wish...85,000 by noon :)
for the last couple of hours we've gotten over 300 backers an hour. i think we'll break record in about 5 hours or less.
at last, ok so i have no patience!!!!
i did not expect such an increase in the number of new backers (3rd for me!, several friends) but now i know we will have the most backers ever! you know what they say, 85007 marshmallow can't be wrong!
@tracy i love your little hint at the end there "...your highness"
the counter likes to tease us.
@carrie: best of luck :) good thing watching veronica mars teaches a thing or two about being covert ;)
@paige if you dont refresh for a couple of minutes it sets itself right again, it happened to me lol, was pressing the refresh too many times i guess!
@michael the piven version of cupid is absolutely worth tracking down. i haven't seen it in years, but i remember it had rt sense of sarcasm and quick wit that you can see in veronica mars
@paige, i think the pledges are coming in so fast the counter can't keep up.
seriously?
85,000 :)
@paige we're overloading the system! lol
ooops: 2,135 backers neeeded. 11 hours left = 194,2 backers per hour.
i knew we could get to 85000 by noon!! great job everyone!!
rats up and down!
2,143 neeeded. 11 hours left = 194,2 backers per hour.
85k! 3k to go, we can do it!
good morning lovers!
whohoo!! keep it coming marshmallows
85,000!!!!
anyone else notice that the counter seems to be broken? it keeps on dropping back to 84.963 backers, and $5,348,432. (refreshing shows the correct total, but then it flips back again.)
$14,116 in the last hour! be back with another hourly total in an hour, so don't change the channel (lol)
this should make my friday much more entertaining and easier to get through. just can't get caught :)
paceyt: you can pledge whatever you want, and select whatever reward level that could be (or even no reward - that is even before the $1 level)
@e.t....lol. just waiting for 85,000 then i'm moving. who am i kidding i'm glued till we break the record!
@pacey technically you can pledge and not take any incentives.
@ pacey, you can pledge $100,000 and not select to receive an award.  but to receive a specific reward, you need to pledge at least the listed amount.  :)
@paceyt you can pledge whatever you want with no reward at all if you like..... your highness?
@carole you could do a press up for every new backer. work out while watching the counter, the best of both worlds.
@carole - do you still have that list of twitter acounts? i finally made an account and would like to add all of you. mine is @nightowl555
@james -nope i've stayed up way too late watching the counter i just haven't been very vocal in the comments. you are not alone.
@carole you could do a press up for every new backer.
i haven't had internet for the last 15 hrs so i've been checking on my phone. it a little annoying but i am that obsessed.  i want to change my pledge but it's not letting me here :( i hope internet comes back soon.
can u only pledge what is offered in the rewards and no more than that?   just curious what happens if like a saudi arabian prince is a huge fan
agree with carole, piven's version of cupid is much better but probably won't ever be released on dvd. i think rob said the company that owns the original went bankrupt or something.
rob thomas, the official ruiner of lives. i need to go work out but i can't move.
come on 85,000 i can smell you from here.
@mary - sure - i'll tweet it
@robyn: thank you! @ james: no, i've been doing that too!
well one more backer in the bag. better late than never right?  this is a great project and vm truly has an amazing fanbase. what can i say? it's a great show.  i'm still kinda stunned that it got cancelled...okay, lets not go there :d i've been checking in almost every day in here and i was hoping to see the magical five mill. what do you know...dreams do come true ;d greetings from estonia! long live love! ;) also...i think i'm gonna watch all 3 seasons now. again!
@nina i went pledging more than i can afford too, but if that means a few less happy hours over the coming months i'm all for it.
@ mary - done!  great blog, btw!
well, i've picked up debris out my yard, taped up a half dozen boxes for my move, cleaned my kitchen, and scrubbed out my cats' litter box.  i weave in periods of productivity with periods of watching the counter climb.  :)
james walsh: no, you are not alone! i work night, but i have been checking for updates/ numbers before and after work.
@mary i'll try to tweet it, but i'm new to the twitterverse. don't have much in the way of followers. @james - you are not alone.
@michael, 2 different versions. one starring jeremy piven and a remake with bobby cannavale. i prefer piven's version but that's just me.
okay, i need to find something to do because watching this move is just slowing down the whole day!
just out of curiousity,  i have these friends on a chat site who i hang out with at night and the last few nights they have noticed me staying up later then usual so i told them about the whole veronica mars kickstarter thing and that each night i have been staying up till certain numbers are reached, one friend said i was nuts to stay up and several said just go to sleep already.  what i'm curious about is am i the only one doing this kinda thing on here and am i just nuts?
good luck! great show, great project! :) - regards, oslo police department
196 now!
@yaz, i do that too, make goals with the numbers, its fun!
@nina welcome!!!!!!!
@mary thats great! so cute!
finally donated! i've been watching this space since day one, but couldn't figure out how much money to pledge (read: how much i could afford to pledge) and i ended up pledging more than i can afford right now. but i know i would have regretted doing anything else :)
i've never seen cupid.  worth tracking down?
~197
2200 to go!
i made my uncle a backer last night, and i got a text message today saying he got his first email (related to the kickstarter campaign) and "i guess i'm a 69 year-old marshmallow." he's so cute. he also loves buffy.
it'll make you go nuts watching this.
back up to 199 :(
ok 85,000 and i'll get some breakfast
now they have it at 198!
actually, we need about 198 per hour right now.
@ben according to marsinvestigations.net it's only 199.
@bacquié so true!
posted this on the blog i write before i passed out... nice to see a jump in the counter after sleeping. would any of my fellow marshmallows be so kind as to tweet or share my blog post in support of the vm movie? http://tinyurl.com/cy3yzmm
i don't think i'm going to accomplish anything today. just staring at that number.
@sandy   just like our bellowed josh.
@jaden: my gut tells me dandy warhols will be playing the neptune high reunion :d
@michael there's still plenty of other tiers open too.
@julia actually about 204/hr is needed.
under 200 needed per hour now!
@shelley me too. poor rob, he seems to have a habit of creating brilliant shows that cancelled too soon.
@robyn: well, the $200 tier is only open because rob added 200 more :)
@sandy thanks! that's really interesting to know! still wish we could have seen it, though.
something else i was wondering is if there will be a soundtrack for the movie?  would love to own the soundtrack to the film.  and dandy warhols should release a music video with an updated version of we used to be friends, veronica mars movie version or remix.  ^_^  i'm very curious what the band has to say and if they would be interested in being a part of the veronica mars revolution.  ^_^
ha ha @sandy wonder if he will launch a therapy package at 1pm?
there are still lots of higher tier rewards open right now... while i'm hoping for the best, i don't know what's going to end up happening if these have been hanging around for weeks...
@tracy, me too. been like this all month. i wonder if rob realizes he's turned us all into addicts.
oo vms on hulu loses wallet i really cant pledge more
90,000 and 6 mil are my ending predictions :)
thanks jesca. :)
@sandy double fine ran for 5 more days than this one will too. so if..ahem sorry..when we break that record it will be in less time as well.
@shelley regarding cupid, i think rob said that his 100th match was going to be him and his therapist, and he was going to give up being cupid to be human and stay with her. basically, the series was going to leave it up to the viewer to decide if he was really cupid or not.
@kate mine is between 84,797 and 84,838.
i hate watching the counter!  friday is always crazy at work and i am not getting anything done! looks like i will be here on saturday!
2,300 to go!
@kate we are at 84841 now :p
i missed the first two days of this so this will make up for that (i hope!)
@sandy i have justified by telling myself it ends today and this is such a one off thing, but ive been like this for the whole month! even while we were away on spring break i took my kindle out with me and kept sneaking a peak at the numbers!
201 backers in the last half hour. our goal is getting closer and closer.
@et: expect to double what we did yesterday. the last day of these things go absolutely nuts!
@tracy, i keep thinking i should be more productive, too. just can't stop watching the counter... michael & e.t, thanks. i was just trying to figure out how long it took to break the record the first time. i think when vm breaks it, it will stand for quite awhile (not if, but when vm breaks the record -- i'm very confident.)
my counter keeps jumping from 84,799 to 84,815 and back.
i can't wait to see this thing fly at 1pm. i'm sure we'll push beyond 5.5mil as soon as the new rewards go up!
alright fingers crossed everybody! here we go! @dalybear
at this rate we'll blow yesterday's numbers out of the water. this time yesterday there was 175 new backers in the hour. today 365 in the last hour. dance of joy!
i told you i was bad at math.
i sent an email to rob, since i won't be at the pub tonight. hoping to get a response today!
i meant 2328 sorry!
@marko - hello croatia. welcome!
@sandy i loved cupid, and only recently realized that it was created by rt. i was crushed when it was canceled. i wanted to know whether he was really cupid or a crazy person. couldn't get past the first ep of the remake.
@marko welcome glad to have you here!
@marko thank you!!!
if we can get 2128 more people we win most backers.
i just donated :) greetings from croatia.
indiegogo is another great site, seems to have been overshadowed by the big projects on here...
i believe kickstarter has been around since at least 2009, though i may be mixing it up with indiegogo. i know when i first moved to la in 2009 i met some people who were trying to get funding for their movie through either kickstarter or indiegogo.
i don't know about you lot but i am getting naff all done today! im so behind, oh well theres always tomorrow and monday!!
@ sandy wikipedia says 2009...so i guess it must be true.
wow look at that counter go!
@sandy: not sure. double fine was basically the kickstarter that started the kickstarter craze. though i've been using it since 2010...
@mansah, great excuse... that was my justification as well. we can eat books and feast our eyes on vm goodness
@backupismydog too funny...i've been postponing certain things as i don't want to be away from the screen during the final countdown. excellent that you are going on vacation after this is over...you'll need the time off to recuperate!!
how long has kickstarter been around, does anyone know?
by april i meant march lol
@e.t. thanks. so it held the record for a year. interesting.
according to marsinvestigations.net, the hourly total needed is now back down to around where it was last night!
@kate: it's been a record for about a year. funding ended last april. but the campaign was also four days longer than ths one.
@kate march 13, 2012. it was the double fine adventure videogame.
@kate skype?
@kate: they block this page at my work too. it's filtered as "streaming media". because that makes sense :p
@robyn haha me neither.... and no smarthphone so no facebook for iphone. :( i really hinder myself, huh?
@kate http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter  all details here.
@kate i just checked out other closed projects and as long as you are a backer it looks like you can continue to post comments on the site.
2400 left yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@kate i know... you can get it on your phone, but i know what you mean. i was so glad that my work didn't know what kickstarter was, because they didn't block it!
does anyone know when that backer record was set? as in how long it has been the record?
we are really gonna make it!!! i couldn't believe it but we really are!
@robyn also they block the facebook at work. :p
@kate i like it here better too, but it is what it is.
yeah, i really dislike facebook. quit it over a year ago
@robyn true. i guess i have a bit of a distaste for facebook. surprisingly i like this better.
@kate i know!! and it's going fast!
@kate it's sad for sure, but there is always twitter and facebook and tigernightmares skype group
well, sort of.
closing in on 85,000.
@kate that's why we have the backer's group and page on fb. https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
from 84,315 to 84,692 in an hour that's 377 backers!!! let's keep this up and we are gonna make it.
kickstarter can't cope, my counter won't decide on what number it wants to show.
@kdesche - i hear ya.  i feel guilty that i'll be out tonight but plan to be home by 11. and was thrilled when this started that my vacay starts after this campaign ends
does anyone here remember rob's other series, "cupid"? not the remake they did a few years ago, but the original that starred jeremy piven. i loved that show and always wanted to get it on dvd. the remake just wasn't as good.
@kate: i hope not! this is like, the most active i've ever been in an online community
@mansah: thanks for the link!
@giselle, that's the excuse i used when i splurged on the signed poster... as students we're already in debt -and we're supposed to live in the library anyway (you can eat books right?)
lol but everyone will stop commenting and go their separate ways.
thanks, kate! nimble fingers will be needed at checkout
@kate: it stays up for like, ever. all the previous stuff i've backed (some from over a year ago) still allow comments
it stays around forever like the ruined shell of humpty dumpty, kate.
@krista, i'm thinking even if you don't hang it anywhere you'll still be able to take it out and look at it and remember this... but of course it is a lot of money...
@giselle yes. yes it would be. good luck i'm rooting for ya. :)
you think the comments section is going to disappear when the campaign ends?
@kate, good point. i've been umming and ahhing since rob sent out that last update. i suppose it's worth living like a student pauper for the next month so that i can have jason's signed and framed face on my dresser forever
goodnight emma
wow... it's so close... we would need 200 (+ change) backers every hour....
this is crazy...woke up watching the counter...still watching the counter over 4 hours later...haven't eaten yet! this month has flown by and although i'll miss the ks drama and excitement i'll be glad to reclaim my little life back!
i'm debating upping my pledge for the logan lovers deluxe!!! i'm so on the fence about it, i think it's a great opportunity to get the headshot and the poster, i'm not sure i would ever put the poster up and it would sit and collect dust.... what to do what to do
good night from australia, really hard to go to bed but i guess i have to. shouldn't have planned a week- end trip!
12 hours to get 2500 more, we can do it marshmallows!
@michael, it's mars investigations -and they're doing an amazing job! http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
hey everyone! so kicktraq hasn't updated in five hours; weird... was it neptune rising that's also live tracking stats?
@mansah haha yeah. sad days. :(
@kate, no judging i promise (i used to have a soft spot for billy boyd so i think i lost that right a while ago). fenham i completely understand -i was probably as upset as him when they cut the scene out of the theatrical version.
@giselle if you can afford it, do it. you probably won't get another chance like this. i would if i could in a second.
we need a kristen lovers package!
i'm off to bed guys it's 12.30am and i have to be up at 6 for work. can't wait to see the total when i wake up, aaaaah exciting. good luck to anyone fighting for the logan package. love to all you marshmallows
$105,605 pledged since 9pm ct last night. i will be beginning my hourly updates at $5,335,535. see ya'll in an hour!
@elysia my folks have a 720 tv. but they're quite rare now, nearly all tv's are 1080p. @samantha they are hd but the discs are unscratchable, so future proof:)
so divided as to whether i should stay up until what will be 4am sydney time for the logan lovers pack :s
so guys were over the hump and closer to 85 thousand. i am so excited. this is so much fun!!
@robyn sorry to hear that. :(
@tanya had an awful day at work yesterday, had a migraine, and didn't sleep very well. it's a 3.5 hour drive for me and i'm too afraid that i'll fall asleep at the wheel. not to worry though. as with the first day, there will be hourly updates from me!
@mansah i'm all about sean astin (no judging) and david fenham. i heart faramir and was so upset when they deleted that cute scene of him and eowyn and put it in the extended edition. come on. poor faramir deserves a break.
i just created a second account with another email and donated $1 to help bring up the number of backers. let's reach this goal!
yes. but my point was just that to get full blu-ray you need the 1080p. don't want people throwing a blu-ray on any hdtv and not getting the most from it before making a decision is all. just some extra knowledge is all ;)
@ victoria thats correct
2500 to go!!!! @steven what a mind blow, i thought they were just hd :)
@victoria, that's correct, you do!
@ robyn - i am sorry, hope everything is ok
do you get the blu ray and all 3 seasons for 175 or  did i read that wrong
not gonna make it to austin today after all, but i'll be here all day!
@kate, i must disagree.  as a right brain person, some would call you a content creator.  no matter how good the technology of the pipeline, it's only as good as the stuff being distributed through it.  creativity thrives in an atmosphere of freedom, that's the essence of our competitive advantage.
@sara you have to create a new account with a different email
hi all- i pledged awhile ago but haven't commented. i'm so excited to be apart of this!  i've had season 1 for years & just recently bought season 2 for bout $20, but season 3 seems so much more expensive any one else noticed that?
@kate, hahaha, around 10 years ago i was trying to learn quenya, so i'm fine with a bit of bloom worship -though if the tradition picks up again i may have to set up an altar for viggo mortensen or sean bean :p
@sandy it would have been helpful when me and the roommates were in nyc.... we got lost a lot.... but from what i hear about apple maps, i think i'll just wait it out until that gets sorted. :) i might get one, i might not. i'm on the fence.
@michael they do come in useful. especially when you are away from the computer, you can always keep check of the backer count on the veronica mars kickstarter page. wherever you are...as long as there is signal :-)
@elysia if you watch a blu-ray disc it will convert it to 720, which is still a big improvement over dvd.
@kate i only gave up my sweet sidekick when it gave up th ghost a couple of years back, i loved that phone and have never got on with my so called smart phone, i think its slightly stupid!
@kate that's the exact same phone i use. heck, i was one of the last people i knew to get a cellphone at all. my son & daughter have upgraded to smartphones but i'm like -- it does what i need it to do. i don't need to surf the net on the tiny screen on my phone. i've got laptop for that.
actually michael you don't just need an hdtv you need a tv with 1080p. not all tvs are 1080. mine is 720. bluerays are the only thing that puts out 1080p and since i didn't care for blu rays i bought the 720. no need to spend extra money on something i don't care for.
@mansah welcome aboard! :) though i must warn you, around ten years ago the inhabitants of my cave (me) were still worshiping a being known as "orlando bloom".... this does not speak well for us in terms of a mature society. ;)
i only got a smartphone this past christmas, and only because sprint had a super cheap deal.  i like having it though.  it came in really useful with all the travelling i did recently.
@samantha blu-ray discs can't be scratched:) they have a special coating, or something, technical stuff lol
i'm neither a gymnast nor a math whiz. china has no use for me.
with 175 you get the blu ray movie plus the dvss of vm right? i dont owm them yet
@ elysia - that made me lol.
@kate, i only recently upgraded to a phone with polyphonic ringtones -and only because i inherited it from a friend... can i have the cave next to yours?
@craig right you are! plus someone has to compete with china. i'm useless in that area. goooo engineers! :)
blonde moment... blu's can't be scratched...?
@kate i don't have a smartphone either.
i still have a..... wait for it..... samsung intensity ii. go ahead. google it. be amazed by my caveman phone.
@kate, mansah, and other assorted right brainers, i look at it this way.  we need strong left brain engineers to build the things we need, but we need right brain people to conceive what we want and to use that technology to make the world a better and more beautiful place. the world works best when both types have a common goal.
@steven that's true. but i don't have a nice fancy tv or a bluray player... i'm resisting. i don't even have a smartphone. (gasp. i know right)
although i do have a blu-ray player i still have a vhs machine and loads of old vhs tapes. i love re-watching adverts recorded in the 80's.
@kate i sound like i work for a blu-ray company here lol. but blu's can't be scratched.
blu-ray is worth the upgrade if you have an hdtv (which, i suppose, all tvs sold nowadays are, right?).  bd players are backwards compatible, so you can still play your dvds, but they'll also output a full hd signal to your tv so the picture and audio quality is superior.  dvd is still okay, though.  i got a ps3 which plays blu-rays so that's the primary reason why i switched over.  but dvd isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
halfway to 85000! i'd love to see us hit it by noon est!
nope kate. even though my electronics play blu ray i don't own a single movie in it. im cool with dvds and don't see much of a difference between the two anyway. daniela same here. i upped mine from 50 to the 275. hubby is going to kill me but oh well. he can put this stuff in my casket lmao
i prefer a collection that i can see, and choose from. i hope we never lose that, plus at this point blu-ray's are really cheap.
i understand that blu-ray is supposed to be prettier, i'm just not sure that my eyes are good enough to notice a significant difference.
but physical media annoys me at this point. i don't want to have to switch out discs when i can just pick the next thing i want to watch from the web.
i don't even like dvds all that much, but apparently they are "better quality" than vhs. but the dvds get one teeny scratch on them and are done. vhs lasts forever. i've stepped on them, thrown them.... they're tanks. and i prefer that. i miss you, videocassettes.
the sum of the 32 new rewards later today total $124k.  if we assume that it's existing backers  who will claim these rewards, i still think the pledge total will increase by $100k in just 10-15 minutes. if we get up to 90,000 backers in total (so roughly another 5,500 today), and the new backers pledge on average $50, this would add another $275k so i think we will end up with approximately $5.7m !!!
@kate are you ready to snag that logan lovers deluxe package? :p
@julia thanks.
streaming is poor quality compared to blu-ray. blu-ray is a purer digital source without the constant problems. it's (more or less) a perfect picture.
@steven lee i think that since it's going to be an extremely limited theatrical release, it will be close to direct to dvd. i wouldn't worry that you'll have to wait too long.
@kate you're not the only one, kate. i don't do bluray either.
just up my pledge to get the singed poaster! 175 to 275!  guess i am not going out for the next few weekends!
@kate i feel like i'm just skipping over bluray completely and going straight to a fully digital age of media. at this point, i can't stand using regular dvds. i'd rather just stream everything from netflix.
@kate i don't do the bluray but i've moved on to dvds from vhs haha
this is so exciting!  maybe we can hit 88,000 backers and $5.5 million.  i'm watching it tick up as i type... 7 more backers in the last 3 seconds....make that 9!  84,500!!!
speaking of blu-ray. i hope the movie gets a quick dvd / blu-ray release because i want all the extras! over the kickstarter campaign.
@kate, no i'm with you -i actually still haven't seen anything on bluray so maybe that's why... i'm too much of a cheapskate and i only watch things on my laptop anyway...
i am so fracking excited (pardon the bsg reference), but dude i think we can do this - spread the word guys we're so close to smashing records and nearing 5.5 million for the film!! sqwee!!!
also, evidently i'm the only person on the planet who has not embraced bluray, according to everyone i talk to. sorry folks, i still have my fingers crossed that they will bring back the vhs. :)
@michael give me enough red bull and i can write (literally) award-winning essays complete with footnotes and a host of references in ten hours. but then i score in the bottom 50% on math in standardized tests. it's a nightmare!
3,000 backers needed! can it be done? i hope so:)
just got a few friends to donate and will convert them into marshmallows. thanks guys. love! let's break this record.
it's not letting me pledge on ks through another e-mail address. might be having a blonde moment, but does anybody have any ideas??? :/ x
@ kate, i'm the same way.  ask me to write a 20 page greek/roman humanities paper and i'll knock that out in a few hours and get an a.  ask me to complete 10 algebra equations and i'll probably take the same amount of time and only get a c.  :/  me no likey math.  thankfully, we live in an age of calculators and computers! :)
2,700!
only 520 backers per hour needed to hit 90909.  let's put our mark on the record!
@raisa yeah i had the trial last year as soon as it was available unfortunately, didn't notice if the series was already available there back then. i'll probably subscribe for a bit at some point, maybe even as soon as next month, so i guess i'll be "settled" at that point.
wow guys! nearly there! this whole thing has been so exciting!
@teppo, every little helps, you're grand for contributing! @patricia, that all makes perfect sense.... the poster is mine! i'll be writing my dissertation the next month, i won't need to buy anything.
@tami so you wouldnt know my father in law then? australia is so huge i think he is 14 hours in front of us, he forgets and calls us in the middle of the night, bless him
i just have to keep telling myself that i can't afford it, over and over. because i truly can't. ugh this is so hard.
@teppo, if you happen to live in finland, netflix has all 3 seasons available. if you haven't tried it before, they also have one month free trial.
yay!! can't wait for more buzzing!!!
i know we are currently 5 hours behind the uk as i chat to my mum and dad most days but im not much use apart from that, but the board will start buzzing near the time so you will know!!!
@teppo thank you :))
@ tracy it's only about 10.20 pm as i'm in perth so i'm waiting up till 1am my time, which would normally be no big deal but i worked 12 hrs today and have to get up at 5 am tomorrow, but my love of veronica mars overtakes all :)
well, pledged my $1 for the record-breaking cause. all outta dough for this month so no can do more. i haven't actually even seen the series yet, i haven't been able to get my hands on it (even viaplay where i tried to watch it only had season 2... duh!). heard good things about it though, and hopefully i can get to watch it soon.
@ tami i just checked the update and it said est.
2765 needed in 12 hours to get to 87143. that's 231 per hour.
tami, they are running edt time, type into google something like "edt time now" and one of the websites with have the time, just in case you get confused...i did!
@tami no worries it must be getting late there? my father in laws in brisbane and its crazy trying to call him the time difference just makes it a real pain.
i figured some people smoke, some people buy magazines i just have to skip going out for dinner and buying less dvds and i won't even noticed the money gone. i think it's just the initial shock of 200 all at once but we get so many awesome things with that donation. it's all so exciting
engineering is great! i am biased too though, since i am an engineer :)
thank you so much tracy!!
40 backers in the last 5 minutes. if we keep this up we'll make it.
@tami in slightly less than 3 hours
lol, the crazy package names are reminding me of that episode where veronica is investigating a woman's financee, and she's explaining what you get for the premium package, the silver package, and the gold package.
is the 1 pm thing happening in est or edt. my time converter is giving me different times!! so it's happening in 2.45 hrs or 3.45 hrs? help an aussie out please? :)
@susannah, i don't mind engineering or engineers (have a good few friends doing variations of this), just don't make me do it:p i could do maths in high school -but the stuff they do is on another level :p
dont mind me i just have people witth income envy at the moment it will pass nice thing about being disabled and being unable to get credit is you have no debt
@susannah - i think engineering is great too!  of course, i am biased as my dad, bff dad, and bff are all engineers :)  and they are all different types too!
maybe we should start hitting active kickstarter projects that have an active commenter again!?
i can't do the math stuff. i barely got a b in college algebra. totally right brained. writing, history memorization, arts, humanities, politics.... bring it on. math? nope.
half a day to go!
@jon haven't you heard, we're planning to hit 90.909 now? :p @patricia, that's amazing!!! hurrah for throwing caution to the wind! @tracy, i'm glad that the humanities aren't despised everywhere :)
$200... assuming you put it on a credit card, you have a month to pay it off w/o incurring interest.  that's roughly $50 a week you'd have to budget, or $6.66 per day.  if you're the type to hit starbucks often or buy lunch every day instead of brownbagging it, that's easy to save up.  if you're pretty frugal to begin with and don't have a lot of extra funds, i wouldn't suggest pulling the trigger.  while swag is nice, so is not accumulating debt that you will take forever to pay off.  we all have choices to make.  thankfully, while i'm by no means a rich man, i do have some cushion and have sprung for the signed poster reward.  if you can't afford a higher reward, revel in the new movie when it's released and take pride in the fact that you made it happen! :)
pshhh, engineering's great. though i did quit my boring well-paid corporate engineering job and head back to university to do a phd, so not really helping with the financial side of life...
@mansah totally agree. my roommate's an engineer. big yawn, in my opinion.
@kate,we would probably have been bored doing engineering anyway... ups and downs and bad employment odds are much more exciting, hey :s
we need 2848 more backers to tie the record... and thats about 238 backers per hour.. yesterday when i calculated it we needed about 230 backers per hour.. so the good news is that we seem to be keeping the pace to the target.. its going to be a squeaker though!  this is exciting!
@particia, you are so naughty!!!! well done, just think when you have to stay in eating toast you will still have that lovely poster to look at!
@mansah it's your turn now! haha
i did it!!! hahaha you guys are terrible, you didn't talk me out of it at all haha. and i'll think of you when i'm paying interest on my credit card haha. i'm so excited, poor but super excited haha :d
@mansah we cant all be rocket scientists i for one am a big fan of humanities!
so has anyone run a background check on this rob thomas guy?  i wonder if we can trust him.  hmmm.  anyone know the name of a good private investigator to help?
anybody want to help up my pledge to 200 i want those siggys lol
you guys are making me feel so unsure though....
@elysia with the 1pm package that should be a really doable target?
hey guy's, i'm glad we made it this far.  i'm pretty stoked about the film.  i have a few suggestions if you'd be so kind to listen.  of course we all would like to hear the theme song "we used to be friends" but can we get the band to maybe do a remix or updated version of the song specifically for the movie?  i'm sure they would be on board seeing as they have a huge fan following of there hit single due to the show.  also, on the bluray version of the movie, please include the kickstarter director's cut video as well as the reaction videos, that's something i would love to watch and share with friend's when the film comes out.  we made history, so let's document it and share it with the rest of the world the awesome experience it was to be a backer.  hope everyone has a wonderful weekend.
@mansah i'm in the social and behavioral camp.... things are dismal over here as well. if i weren't so horrifically bad at math i shoulda coulda woulda become an engineer.
hoping for 5.5 mil
@patricia, if you crack let me know, i'm teetering on the edge myself but student debt and prospects of unemployment once i graduate (hurrah for humanities, hey)  are making me worried i shouldn't cave... still, if you throw responsibility to the wind i'll feel less alone about it...
guys, we can do this. "i believe i can fly, i believe i can touch the sky...."
less than 3,000 backers to brake record.
we are currently on a record setting pace...but just!
@carole. there'll be a rush when new premiere slots open at 1
god i wish i had a job and not student loans.
@patricia you are breaking my heart im trying to be a grown up her, but if it were me.... id grab one love!
that's.... 6 p.m.?
we're going to nbreak the record at 18 p.m est. and then, we'll just keep increasing.
whoops sorry @backupismydog saw a b went with the wrong person, but you are still probably right!!!
the best part of having two monitors at work: actual work on the left, the kickstarter window on the right. recruited two more backers! loving watching those numbers climb.
guys it's just so hard haha and i'm thinking ill want to get the poster framed so it doesn't get ruined and that gets super pricey too. i wish australia didn't have such a time difference otherwise i would totally stay up for a logan package. dam midnight. oh man so many conflicting feelings haha
@balalbanto, you could be right, i for one am so excited for 1pm it is going to go crazy on here, like an episode of the uk childrens tv show runaround if anyone remembers or even knows it?
@backupismydog, that's rather specific
there's a logan lover's package open!
okay, i'm officially offering free beer to all of my friends who back this project. let's see how many i can get to give money away.
@ patricia - need/want come on!
@patricia, i wanted a poster because it will always remind me of a time when myself and thousands of others came together to do this crazy project and made it happen, but if it puts you in debt, it wont be such a happy memory so you need to weigh the two things. only get one it it will not cause you hardship.
1:07 @ carole
any guesses on when we'll break the record?
@patricia i was hoping they would preview the poster before the end so i could make an informed decision about whether i should up my pledge to $200. i've decided not to because i would really love an artsy type poster, but i think it'll probably be more of a typical movie poster. but it's still so tempting.
p.s. well done for signing up all your co workers now you have to drag them along to the pictures when the film comes out!
@patricia i just upped my pledge from 75 to 200 a few days ago. it's going to be tough to stomach, but it's a signed poster! in 2 1/2 hours the logan packages are going to be up and there's one that's cheaper (150 dollars).
@samantha it will actually be 4am when it wraps up but if you are young, you can take it and if you are old you dont need that much sleep anyway! im lucky as im currently an ex pat over this side of the pond so im lucky to only have to sit up until 11pm, but what an exciting month it has been!
@patricia i'm struggling like you do, i want to up my pledge from 75 to 275 but i don't have the money... but i do crave for a signed poster as well...
@patricia - go for it! just think, you're never gonna get an opportunity like this again
i've been working for the last 10 hours and i can't believe how much everything has jumped, i'm so proud of all the new backers, i really didn't think the record was possible but i can wait to see us break it. also i'm trying to talk myself into upping my pledge from 75 to 200 but it really is a lot of money and i'm so i'm debt but i really want a signed poster. do i need it? hahaha
@samantha me too, i'm also uk. although i only had 4 hours sleep last night, why not try and just burn on through. i can sleep when i'm dead!
look at that! $5,3 million overnight! (here in ca, on pst, that is) 84,000 backers and climbing... :) so exciting! i won't have nearly as much time to spare today to check this page obsessively, but i'll try and make it work!  come on people! 13 hours, we can do it! :)
only 3,000 backers to go! we can do this!!
84144 meaning less than 3k to go!
i am not sure i can hack it and stay awake until 3am to watch the count down (as i am in the uk) and have work tomorrow but i'm so geekishly excited about it! my co-workers all know i am doing this as i went in with my laptop and made them all (my boss included) pledge a dollar hehe c'mon, only 3000 more pledges to beat the record!!!!!
there's still a hometown screening available, a few slots for the twitter option, and a non-kb video message...
only 3000 to go!
i'm so excited i got to contribute in a real way to help make a veronica mars movie possible. thank you rob thomas and kristen bell for your efforts in creating this project and letting fans show their support, and thank you kickstarter for providing a platform. veronica mars fans are awesome!
@ carole - i know, but work!  oh well, will be checking in every so often!  have fun watching!
a kristen voicemail is open. grab it someone
almost as exciting as the first day *grabs popcorn and stares at the backer counter*
finally caved and upped my pledge for another t-shirt. veronica mars will always win over groceries.
i see that it's still early in the morning in america. but judging by the new backers per hour chart here - http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week - it may be very much possible after all :)
we had 620 backers in the last 3 hours. gotta keep that rhythm. tough, i believe now it will only increase.
bloody hell, that was like 100 new backers in 20 minutes!
i must be missing something i don't see it jumping that quickly
i seriously thought we wouldn't break the backers record, and i was okay with that, the point being to make enough money for a rockin' movie. but it really seems like we're gonna make it after all. we are so awesome marshmallows :-)
the kickstarter server must really be taking a hammering!
it is jumping so quickly now!  so exciting!
the page is having more trouble resetting. this is a very good sign.
what awesome numbers to wake up to! i think we may make it.  :)
the backer record is going to be ours. there's no way we won't blow past it. six million is going to be tough, but i think we can do it.
@julia sudden big jumps confuse kicktraq
backer from day one and first-time commenter. trying to rally my friends for $1 pledges! we can do this, marshmallows!
does kicktraq seem broken to anyone else? it says it hasn't updated in over three hours.
omg 84k, i didn't think it was possible, but now i actually believe we're gonna break the record
@elysia - around may. all of the estimated shipping times are on the bottom of the main page under faqs
i'm just waiting to see how fast the extra packages go later :')
thanks guys. and sory i didn't see the original answer. upping my pledge to $275!!!
@elysia i believe it says under all the pledge choices either feb 2014 or march 2014. however, i think i remember something about the shirts coming sooner, but i'm not sure if that was wishful thinking.
220 new backers in the last hour
84000 :) wakey wakey east coasters!!
84k and 5.3m - that is a pretty good tv movie total.... but can we push on to 5.5m?
(not the same amount, obviously, but as in it's worth watching it because of how often it changes.)
@elysia the estimated shipping dates are listed under each pledge level...the one with the three vm seasons says approximately mar 2014.
it's almost starting to tick up again like it did on the first day... this is pretty cool. :)
84.012, rock on marshmallows... @elysia, the series will be shipped out around the same time as the t-shirts (i mentioned it a few comments back)... estimated delivery times for everything is in the faq so you needn't go through the all the updates :)
if you click the pic, a slightly bigger version can be seen.
@elysia. i think early 2014
wow. the page is slowing down. this is good news because it means that the counter can't keep up with the volume.
@elysia the faq sais, the seasons will be shipped out soon after the kickstarter ends. at the same time the t-shirts will be shipped.
@ michael will, yes, that is kb in my pic! :)
and we have over 84000! :d
ding, 84000 backers....
84,000 ding ding ding!!!!!
84,000 backers  -  way to go!!!
84,000!
84,000. we can do it
hey guys i reall need an answer quick please. does anybody remember when they said things would be shipped. it wasn't all at once they were at different times. i am wondering about the seasons of veronica mars
@catrin  thanks for the link.  the people at marsinvestigations are amazing!
@michael, is that kristen bell in your picture?
i wonder if the theater reward is going to be picked up today. last chance, everyone!
meant to type responsibilities sorry too much coffee or maybe not enough
i can't believe i was worried at one point of this kickstarter ever reaching $4 million and now we're sitting at $5.3 million!  with nearly 84,000 backers!  no matter what happens, record or no record, we all rock and we're get a vm movie next year.  we are mighty!!! :)
wow. i think we might end at 6.2
@elysia, the series will be sent out around the same time as the t-shirts :)
very true balabanto. gives me hope since i don't wear a lot of make up lol. really wish i could've afforded one of the ll packages darn life respon
it's doing that thing where it's dropping back down to a low number for me. i hate it when it does that!
sooo close to 84000!! last night we hit 82000 in like 5 min when we were at 81900...rally people lets go!
@ krista it looks like they did add $200 spots, because yesterday they were all gone with 3000 and now there is 3200 of them with 190 available. that is cool. they didn't say they were adding those in yesterdays update. so, i hope other people notice :)
@elizabeth most women look better without makeup. in the immortal words of raymond chandler: from 30 feet away she looked like a lot of class. from 10 feet away she looked like something made up to be seen from 30 feet away.
morning vm peeps! (or at least those on the ec in the us.. lol) i can't believe we are almost at 87000 backers. though i should'nt be surprised. after watching kb's video in the latest update i think i love her more with out make-up she looks so pretty.
@david unless, of course, rob wants to do the fbi version also. then he'll get twice as much as he got for this one.
@david well, i'll be able to concentrate on my own writing, and then i'll have to slave at work to pay off my massive donation to this project. i won't be able to kickstart anything until a new hero system project arrives.
more movie poster slots have opened 200 that will probably go quick!
what to do when this counter ceases to exist?
@krista. yes they must have. cause yesterday they were all gone
good morning everyone
ok i don't feel like reading all the updates but i do remember one where he explained when stuff was going to be shipped out. does anybody know when the season of vm will be shipped?
fingers crossed. we're down to the wire.
i am so excited, if it really is 20% it'll be huge!
we did 4,000 new backers yesterday.  today is already doing better than thursday.  3,290 to go.  this is going to happen.
@tami we can get there. the last day generally generates 20 percent of the kickstarter's revenue, and we were over 5 when the last 24 hours started. i'm confident. in the last three hours, that ticker is going to blow up. :)
@tami we can get there. the last day generally generates 20 percent of the kickstarter's revenue, and we were over 5 when the last 24 hours started. i'm confident. in the last three hours, that ticker is going to blow up. :)
did they release more 200$ spots???
if we keep going like we have been it will be very exciting last hours. http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
@ balabanto i am staying positive that we might get to 6 mill too!
it would have been a little easier if rt had targeted the kickstarter to end at midnight pacific time on tuesday or saturday morning (this is what many kickstarters are trying to achieve, because that targets the most paydays and allows people working the late shift on the west coast to get home from work and drop in money.), but this is why you always need to carefully monitor previous projects and ask what they did. :) we're still doing great.
i did try to get those ny tickets, but even though it said they were available, when i went to the manage my pledge page, it said there was none. went back to the front page and it said there was one available.... glitch somewhere? gone now , not to worry, i'm happy someone else got them anyway.
228 backers per hour ... maybe impossible, maybe not. it's almost weekend ... (at least here in europe)
i'm still watching the counter. six million, here we come!
i seem to have switched from watching the $ counter to the number of backers more intently...
@mansah, anything is possible, right?
@carole, i love your optimism... what's yur take on getting into the precious 90.909?
ny premiere tickets available!
we are so breaking the "most backers" record today. is anyone still in doubt?
@elizabeth, thanks for sharing the link! i love reading meta!
reposting this: we have about 15hours to go to the end of the campaign and we will be so close to the most backers ever total, so every backer counts! my suggestion, from my experiences in other fandoms, is advertising to casual fans is key. if anyone has some spare time over the coming hours, compose a short message explaining the campaign (e.g. vm movie that you can help support with just a $1 donation and with link to this page) and then pick a social media of your persuasion (twitter, tumblr, facebook, youtube, instagram) and go hunting for the vm casual fans out there who probably haven't yet heard about the movie. searching vm tags and people who have retweeted/reblogged/liked/posted about vm is the logical starting point. i will be eagerly checking in throughout the day to see the counter! also, for anyone interested in reading vm analysis (while they watch the counter ;)) i've always loved these essays: http://ohimesamamama.livejournal.com/165551.html http://ohimesamamama.livejournal.com/166038.html
phew, $5.3m. i'm kind of hoping for $5.75m at least by the end of it, so after the estimated 30% for cost of fulfillment they net $4m - i know that's a cheap movie, but i bet they find equity backers too, to ramp that up to where they need it to be.
hey 5.3 million
three cheers for the 5,3:d
5.3 and 3416 to go!!!
i'm so excited...i was always googling if there were news about eventually making the movie. i'm glad to be a backer:)
5.3 million woohoo
5.3 kablam!
whoop! well done mars army! $5.3m and counting.
@ren: the gold coast looks like socal, right?  :d
@ren i don't think that's going to happen unless they maybe we hit $10mil! start calling your friends!
@jesca. positive thinking. today should be fun
@karina i think most of them have heard about it from this kickstarter. unfortuately, it is a page and not a group, so you can't see who the other members are. i did mention that to the person who started it. and hi to adam. i was just in melbourne for the comedy festival. i know it isn't bendigo, but at least being in the same state counts for something, right? ;)
thanks for the facebook link! all liked! :) yeah all the brisvegas peeps must be staying in on their ipads since its the first cool night... perfect vm weather ;) do you reckon we should start a campaign to get them to film it here ;)
@elysia hi!
we are so close to 5.3. it's crawling along.
c'mon $5.3m!
@adam hi!
@karina, @dimity, @ren hello from bendigo victoria
hey dimity do you know how many aussies on that fan page have donated or are aware that there are tiers open to international backers?
my boyfriend lived in the gold coast. we are both canadian but he did live there for a few years :)
hi dimity looks like it, awesome to see more queenslanders i've mostly only seen backers from sydney and melbourne
hey karina... i just wish they had opened it up to internationals earlier but better late than never! :) it's so cool we got the chance to back it... so excited i'm watching all the episodes again as we speak!
you other aussies may want to join this if you haven't already https://www.facebook.com/veronicamarsaustralia…
hi karina and ren - i'm from the gold coast. all the queenslanders seem to be on at the same time!
@ren hey i'm from brissie too!
@balabanto that's very committed of you. i should work those hours but don't! i work from home so it's very easy to keep switching between work and vm kickstarter page...work...vm kickstarter page. i swear i've got nothing done this week. this whole thing has deprived me of sleep. the updates keep coming in at about 1am my time. i have to stay up to see them...obviously! come on 87,000 and change!
@rahila...when i said how sad it would be to be just shy of the record @backupismydog said to be positive and well i wanted to wake up to 83000 backers so 83652 makes me happy and positive!
@ren: australia represent! ;)
okay, now it's 3,500 backers to go to the record... and 7,266 to get to 90,909. hee!
"come on now, sugar, bring it on, bring it on, yeah"!! my donation from brisbane australia is in! go vm!
it's weird... a couple of days ago, i didn't think that we would be able to beat the most backer record but now, it's becoming an increasing possibility. it'll be sad if we were only a couple of backers off from the record but hopefully we'll beat the record and then some! we've came this far... we can do this marshmallows!
get home from work and sleep, et. i work 11 hour days most of the time.
well i slept like crap, but it's nice to see there's only like  -what - 3,500 backers needed now? that feels certainly possible today.  and ha! i would love to see the backers end up on 90909  (though 7,000+  feels a little bit more of a stretch...)
what's everyone going to do tomorrow when the countdown is done? other than celebrate of course. i'll have to find some other form of obsession. also rewatch vm...again.
as the clock ticks down, six million is still possible. :)
we can skip the song if rob will do a dance in the chicken suit from the opening video. :)
i'm loving this project...here it is: approximately 4 backers every minute, expecting it to rise as the clock ticks on. about 16*60=960. 960 *4=3840. we can do this!! :d
i still hoping for a thank you song by all the cast and crew as part of the credits
@thomasl, you are right of course. help us break the record and get the 09'er zip code!
87,143 may break the kickstarter record,  but we all know rob thomas' real goal is to be an 09er. 90909 or bust!
good guess, e.t. i'd have to decide which one to send him. i have a few.
@balabanto yeah ok they're pretty good ideas. i bet you'd go for the book option?!
i am loving this kickstarter project, it's all so exciting! i can't wait for you guys to start filming and i really do hope the film comes out all the way over here in belgium as well :d
@et chicago premiere. guaranteed 100,000 dollars in five minutes. lunch with a cast member combined low + high tier packages amanda seyfried in a hawaiian grass skirt and nothing else (joke) rob reads your book and gives constructive comments (he is a writer, after all.) all cotton tee shirts for an upgrade charge. if a new tv series starts, you get some form of random input. there's a lot of people who would pay for that.
ouh là là! 5 millions et 300 mille dollars de plus! impressionné! et studio impressionné aussi ? loool
@balabanto what is left to offer? their souls! i'm sure somebody would like that.
i hope we get a massive spike!!!!! the cast is going to be busy signing and recording all this stuff for us. it will get exhausting so i appreciate everything they are doing for us.  can't wait for the final hours! remember the comment section stays open even after its over and you can't also join the skype group.
i would just call it "new rewards" spike. they're running out of stuff to offer.
@mansah it's so funny looking at those stats from yesterday. there's one massive spike in backers in an hour. i'm going to call it the 'logan' spike! hopefully we will repeat it today. :-)
@lilly, we can! we can do the impossible and become mighty! also, if we consider the number of pledges we've had this morning it looks good -i mean, compare today with a couple of days ago even... http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week obviously we're not there yet but we will make it happen!
more rewards!!!! ;) aww it's so great to see kb. all those guys have been amazing to us i hope we can break the record.
@sabine -exactly :)
@mansah: okay i thought that too. but if not there are 10$ more for the movie...
@sabine, i always assumed it meant 100+10+35.... but if you're in doubt ask rt:p
god. look at that counter move.
@mansah i understand completely.
@phil: i am not sure exactly to get both shirts if i am an international backer. does it mean (for the 100$ pledge) 100 + 35 or 100 + 10 (international shipping costs for the normal pledge level) + 35? in the update rob said that the 35 will cover the additional shipping cost which include the 10 already?
@candice; good but very very scary... i considered myself safe from temptation while it was sold out and now it's calling out to me again...
thanks :)
@harriet, except if you're outside the us, then you need to add $35 to include the shipping
it's great to see that they have added 200 more slots to the $200 level.
3708 left... bed time for me... hoping for a happy tomorrow.
@harriet ad $25 dollars to your pledge and stay at the same pledge level for prizes.
i'm sure there was an update about this, bit what do i do to get both t shirt designs? i've beentrying to choose and just can't!i need them both!
@mansah i know, i was really pleased when i got up. this could work!
@robert... she already put that video out...she just gave birth...
crikey its going well, we do need some additional bakers over the 87000 though, to compensate for those that are helping by creating two (or more) accounts to bolster the numbers. i'm hoping we'll crash through $5.5 million before the end, or by some miracle $6 mil :) also hoping a little that kirsten might take over rob's account and comment during the closing hour of the ks.
believe... people... i see this... it's happening.
3820 heidi
wow, we passed 83.000 backers during the night and we're also close'ish to the 5,3mil mark! i feel like throwing confetti. also, according to kicktraq there were more than a 4000 new pledges yesterday, we're going to break that record! i feel it in my bones -also i'm pretty sure if 83.000+ minds across will it it's going to happen!
@michael you are absolutely correct.
still usa is sleeping and europe at work. these are the slow hours.
come on people, we have less than 4000 backers to go! tell your friends, tell your neighbor, tell your boss or teacher, heck, tell the pizza guy too! veronica mars represents an innovative kind of thinking that hollywood, with its constant recycling of old templates and stereotypes, desperately needs. if we show them out-of-the-box thinking and proper character development really sells, they won't have a choice but to look. if you love veronica mars, this project is your chance to tell producers what kind of entertainment you want. who knows, maybe we'll get to meet more characters like these to fall in love with as time goes by.
@michael but that makes me happy we are pulling so many backers for the time....
@michael noooo it's 1:47 a.m. in l.a.
isnt it midnight in la right? speed will be slow suntil the us eastcoast wakes up and people in europe finished with work
i feel that this goal is going to get hit.
3835
i'm watching this tick up, but i forget what the goal is?
@cornelia right now it's 3867 and this project has had days in the tens of thousands for backers... also the last day is almost always the second or third best day of the whole campaign... so i'm a believer. also, it's an attempt to coax people into being pledgers... if you think the 320 pledgers we'll get from the stuff is what they are going for, you are quite wrong. they want people to pledge to see the inside info...and trust me... 3858 backers isn't hard to get... we just got nine as i typed...oops sorry it's 3854 now...
i sure hope so! i've done as much promotion as i am able. 4000 in 18 hours is a tall number. seriously, i'm totally excited and i know there is a surge versus the end of the campaign, but now it seems like a close call. (but as for the tons of stuff: the update was for pledgers only, so it will be read only by pledgers or by people interested enough to keep themselves informed by pledging people. in consequence the vast majority of the new stuff will be grabbed by people who have already pledged - so it will result in a higher sum of pledges, but not necessarily in a higher sum of pledgers)
@cornelia  they are dropping a ton of stuff on us tomorrow and it's 1:12 in the morning pacific time in the u.s.... it's within reach.
right now the speed of pledgers isn't high enough, it is about 110 per hour. hopefully speed will pick up in the last couple of hours...
3927 seems so small compared to the 83217 we've gotten... i hope it makes it...
@fab this is me endowing you with pimp status.*magic*
i like that idea @bee
is it possible we can have a reward tier for people who want a digital copy of the movie but not the t-shirt? i'm broke, i can't afford $45, but i'd happily up my pledge for a copy of the movie.
fine, i give in and support the cause. now where's that pimp status i was promised?
i was one who watched it when it aired live. took till the last day to back it, followed since day 1 but wanted nothing less than the 50 pledge, but i got it in time. cant wait. now if only i could get a proper finish to dark angel as well, lol.
4000!!!
4,002 to go!!!
looks like some more signed posters just became available...
only 4k to go - did more than 4k yesterday.
@jennifer and @kbw6h: good to see some wahoos here! i am an alum, myself! i was a student during the vm years, and my roommates and i watched together every week!
im watching the ep where leo shows up to veronica's hs dance at age 20.  lol pretty lame
*after taking photos of carl trying to break into the fennell household: keith: there's a flight to chicago leaving san diego at 4.45. you need to be on it. the next time i shoot you it won't be digitally. unless i hit you in the finger and then we'll have a big laugh about it. just had to share that line from the episode i am currently watching. cracked me up so much!! i love the dialogue in this show.
@sabrina this is what it says on the faq's when your reward is ready, rob thomas will send you a survey via email to request any info needed to deliver your reward (mailing address, t-shirt size, etc).
jk, i'm still here. checking. gah. so close.
in the faqs it says they'll contact you to see where to send :)
@markos so you want a total of 4 shirts im not sure about that, your best bet is to set up a second account to get 2 additional shirts
@markos for two of each shirts, you would have to make 2 separate pledges, on 2 different accounts.
i'd think they'd just use the shipping info you gave when you made your pledge through your amazon payments account.  just change it on there maybe?  seems like a big head ache to get a bunch of separate info
@sabrina i think i've read they're going to contact us before they ship to verify the shipping address
hi, i've a question (and i apologize if it's already been answered) about shipping the incentives to fans. will you be asking us for our mailing information once the project ends or will you be using the billing information as the mailing address? would there be a way to change or let you know of our preferred mailing destination? thank you in advance for answering the question.
i don't know if someone can answer this responsibly:i leave outside usa (uk to be exact) and i would like to pledge 75$ but i need to get 2 of each t-shirts.does this mean i have to pledge 75+10+(3x35)=190$,am i correct?and do i need to explain/specify this somewhere when pledging? cheers!
83,023 backers + 4390 = 87413. 4302/20hrs = 219.5 new backers per hour is needed.
goodnight! off to dream of marshmallows & promises!  read you tomorrow!
ok even with the slight ups n downs its reached and exceeded 83k so i can go to bed now thanks to all see you in the morning maybe by then we will be half way to 84k by the time i wake up in litte more then 5 hours
damn i am so not gonna get any sleep tonite, cant stop looking at the counter
@james walsh--if you close all your windows and start over the counter settles down.
@bill harkins: could not agree with you more! but then i'm absolutely sure rob knows his noir well enough not to get distracted buy us marshmallows.
83000!
87,143 i believe is the goal...
@james some backers are jumping between rewards?
whats that final number again aye? tehehehe
ok seriously the counters going wacho up n down like a yo yo
done! whoo hoo!
@yaz anything would make my year too. here's to hoping!
thanks guys!!! :)
that's how im thinking... i sent it as a question to rob also... but since the faqs mentioned 3- $100 pledges, and changing that ti 1, im a bit curious...
@krystal all you have to do is register with a new email address and you can use the same credit card, thats what i did
@krystal, just make more kickstarter accounts. you can pay from the same amazon account, which is nice.
james, it seems to be a glitch, and it's been happening on and off on high traffic days  the higher number is the accurate one, and the dips will stop eventually
@krystal i'm assuming you can make a different account and pledge am i right?
im glad to see im not the only one with an obsession on watching the #s rise in these last hours!! lol... does anyone know how we can make additional contributions ourselves? not change my pledge per se, but add to the #s and get the rewards separate from this pledge.... (one shirt to wear/ one to save/ one for a friend) lol....
i would settle for being in austin with robb tmrw that would make my year
ok whats with the counter, its been going up and then down then back up all night?
i keep checking and thinking "as soon as they hit 'this' mark i'm going to bed" it's been going on for a while.
@james omg don't give rob any ideas you know he reads the comments!
4,250 backers to victory!
thanks!! i can already tell its going to be bad (but oh so good!) i'm so bummed i'm missing comic-con. i've been there for the past 5 years and the one year i'm missing it :(
i know what the movie plot is gonna be.... veronica gets killed in the first few min of the movie and her ghost spends the rest of the movie haunting the remaining cast to get them to figure out who killed her.  i'm joking i'm joking.
@gabriela hey better late than never, glad you fell in love with this show as much as the rest of us have, welcome to the obsession
yes, midnight.  there's three imposters on there, but i think the recent skype name lets you see their real skype name instead of the "display" name.  plus i put a matching avatar here to lessen the confusion.  so, yeah.
tiger, is your skype name also tigernightmare?
congrats on such a successful ks so far.  there's tons of funding flowing into austin this past week as austin based portalarium just raised 2 million earlier this week on ks.  i'm sure it will be a fun weekend of parties.
i've been watching vm for about 3 weeks. i know, late bloomer. but i am obsessed can't believe it took me this long to watch it.  and i'm also obsessed with this campaign and keep checking to see how the numbers go up! i'm so stocked for this.
@natalie you're welcome.
jeromey: woot for munificent moods! kbw6h: i recognize that email (virginia.edu)...lived in c-ville while the hubby went to law school at uva... gosh i miss virginia!  that was where my whole veronica mars journey started!!!
@crystelle and anyone else interested, just add me on skype (and probably say you're from the veronica mars kickstarter cause i just squashed a spam bot yesterday) and i'll put you into the group.
c'mon marshmallows it's dbz time!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
once again, you're my lifesaver, tiger. :) thank you so so so much!
i was in a munificent mood and decided to join kickstarter and back veronica mars!
backed with everyones email adress i have  - i know you've reached your goal but i will pay anything to hit up the vmars afterparty in ny
okay, here's a transcript of kb in the new update video: marshmallows, this is your captain speaking.  buckle up.  'cause we're gonna make it.  we're gonna shake it.  and we're gonna try not to break it.  because you guys are so awesome.  we are well over five million at this point.  this has been, i think--maybe i'm making this up, but--the most successful kickstarter campaign in history?  um...  we have the funds now to make a rockin' movie for you guys.  we are so excited, so grateful and you've surpassed anything we thought that you could do.  we have 24 hours left.  and there's one more record we could break.  the kickstarter record for most donations is 87,000 (and change).  we're 6,000 away from that right now.  and we have a one dollar donation level.  which means we could feasibly break every single record kickstarter has ever even thought about in the next 24 hours.  i think we can do this.  i think we can rally.  so this is the time to text people, e-mail them, tweet, call your friends, any lowlife who you've loaned a buck to: get it back.  it's time to come collectin'.  anyone that you've loaned a stick of gum to ... oh, gum ... is not ... probably a dollar a stick.  but if you've given them, i'm gonna say, between five and ten sticks of gum ... i think it's time to ask for it back.  i would.  i think that we can honestly obliterate this record.  it would be so exciting to break every single record kickstarter has. (inhales) i think we can do it.  so let's rally over the next 24 hours.  and, ultimately, whether we do or don't, you guys are the coolest group of fans anyone could ever hope to have.  i've always known it, rob's always known it and now you guys proved it to the world.  so, humbly and gratefully, i thank you.
bill harkins, i love (love) your comment.  you put words to some of the concerns floating in the back of my head.  all of us marshmellows are like sweet and enthusiastic toddlers.  i'm afraid we all want what we love (lots and lots of logan candy, for instance) but it isn't necessarily what is the best for us, or in this case, what will make a movie that lasts, that people enjoy and want to watch over and over again. i want to be a fan, and i want to squeeeeee over all my favorite veronica mars characters and storylines...but at the end of the day, i want something out of the ah-mazing mind of rob thomas...not any of the minds of the fans (no offense.) i have no idea if i've made any sense or just typed out a convoluted mess.  it is past my bedtime.  regardless, i am so excited to be involved in this project.  there is literally no other show that would have elicited this response from me (or a donation that is the equivalent of a month of rent for me!!!)  thanks to all of you, and especially to rob thomas and kristen bell.
@bill.  i agree.  i don't want a disney parade of favorite characters.  i want the real vmars.  though killing logan in the first 5 minutes would break my heart.
@bill i agree, but i trust rt.
bill i  hate  to  agree  but i do. i  think  rt  knows  what  he's  doing.  and  tell  me  more  about  this  skype  stuff  :)
bill i don't think you have to worry about that, rob is being nice to us, but in the end it's his vision, i don't think he will be too influenced by us goofy fans
we've done about 295 new backers per hour in the first two hours of the last day.  man i wish i were asleep right now.
well i just backed that mjh darci movie and commented my thanks to mjh for spreading the veronica mars word and as it turns out i wasnt the first marshmellow over there, nice to see your comment jenna cagney
on it...
probably out of place to say this here, but i'm worried and don't know where else to say it. i hope to hell in terms of the actual film, all our fan stuff is being totally ignored. there was genius in the vm series, but it was not the typical fan stuff. veronica mars, like her model nancy drew, was not a particularly nice person. her self-centeredness, selfishness and amorality was masked by her good looks but we were supposed to see and appreciate that (as viewers, not fans). logan's character assessment was, if anything, understated by the initial episode voice over; there are very few redeeming social qualities in logan. the one place where fanaticism and art seem to coincide is with the father/daughter relationship, the core, also, of the nancy drew series. i am just hoping that the talents behind this movie are soundly grounded in their appreciation and understanding of what they accomplished, such that they can ignore all the worship, and simply follow through on what they did right the first time. if the vision calls for the logan character to be killed off in the first five minutes, that's what should happen. if a bunch of the characters' actors are hot to appear, but the vision doesn't include them, i hope there is courage enough to say "thanks anyway." if veronica in adult life should have a bad hair day, i hope that's what we see. basically i'm hoping this doesn't become some kind of perverse vanity project. forget the fans, guys, tell us what happens down the road, where these characters truly go.
ello vm backers! i have a tiny (well, not tiny) favor to ask...would anyone be willing to caption for the new video from kb? please and thank you so much! :)
this is so so so so so so exciting!!!!
*ask
i dont think they do close the comments section, but i know some folks on here have already started a skype chat. as tiger about it when he's back on.
there's  always  the  fb  page :)
i hope we get some notice when they close the chat here, maybe we could all meet in an irc chat room that someone could set up who isn't me , because i have no clue other than to join
i'm  going  to  be  sad  when  these  comments  stop. :( i  kinda  enjoy  watching  the  numbers  go  up :)
watch that counter go... vm fans truly are the best. cheers to all of you here and rob and kb and all the other kids who've made me laugh so many times. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
( or 3.33 backers per minute!)
good nite robyn and maybe lais,  i'm on the east coast so will probably retire shortly too, well within the next hour.
fewer than 4,500 backers needed to beat the record: with about 22.25 hrs left that means 202 backers/hr to beat it.
woohoo!  under 4,500 to record!
officially, we need now 4,500 backers to break the record.
no matter how much i try, i cannot seem to leave this page, watching the counter go up both in backers and money is far too exciting!!.. can't wait for the movie to be made :)
good night robyn... i think i might follow your example... i do have to be up and about in about 4 and a half hours...
off to bed.
have you guys done the math for the extra stuff that's coming up tomorrow? i'm pretty sure everything there is selling out pretty quickly, so that will be about 100k more! i think we might reach 5.5m!
@robyn the tracker stuff updates more frequently, but the projections are only done once a day.
doesn't kb look just glowing to you in the video? :) i'm so glad the funding is about to be over... my productivity these past 30 days has been steadily dropping as that donation counter rises!
@ adam - hahaha relax, you've already pledged. i'm talking about our new backers, that will come now.
@julia yeah, it's only 11:20 here, i just thought it updated like every half hour... this is why i keep my own data!
@ robyn - their projection states 5,330,237 to 5,459,679, but i guess you are talking about the "trending", which appears to be broken. but i think they'll fix it in no time. the last time i checked the trending and it was working, it said 5,400,000 and something.
robyn, i see it isn't doing a new trend number, but i have projections of (low) 5,330,237 and (high) 4,549,679.
lets go backers as we in this side of the world get ready to sleep its up to you guys getting up to keep  this momentum up lets go marshmallows
@24,590 in 2 hours!!!!!!!!!!! we're really getting that last minute push!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i just got off work here in hawaii perfect pledging time.
@beatriz gee, thanks for the pressure. i'm in australia. 2.16pm. and i've donated all i can.
@robyn it's updated for me. are you in a timezone where it's not midnight yet? they only update at midnight, and i think it's based on which timezone you are in.
@ pamela - that's great! haha @ robyn - yeah, i hope so. right now it's past 1 a.m. here in brazil, but i suppose in asia and oceania it's afternoon already. they can keep the numbers up while we go to sleep.
kicktraq is no longer making projections... we hit their projection and it's not refreshing... anyone else seeing that?
down! what's the record?  lol
@don if we all pitched in we could get to 100k comments in 22 hours :)
if we stay at 350 per hour we will end with somewhere around 90,200 backers. 90k sounds like a good goal.
@beatriz hopefully the foreign countries who are awake right now will be busy gathering pledges!
i just coerced a bunch of my friends at work into donating (with the promise that i'd bring in home made lasagne and brownies on sunday) and now they're all entranced by watching the backers and $ rise too. i've created a completely unproductive work environment. ooops.
@ don - hahaha. that's right! only 10 more till we reach 13k.
10 to go
the slow times are coming, though. in the dawn, the numbers per hour drop a lot, and only start kicking up again by 10 a.m. and then at 1 p.m. the counter is going to go crazy. :) so we need this "high" right now to continue for the max time possible,
you guys are missing the important stat, we are at almost 13,000 comments! now that's important!
in the last hour i recall the backer count needed approx 5,007 or 5,010 or so. well given the number now 82,504, the backers needed to break the record is around 4639. that means there were like 356 or so backers in the last hour, which is a lot more than that is needed to eclipse 87142.
$3000 in 18 minutes... nice!!!!!!
hourly total needed has dropped down to 202!
c'mon aussies it's up to you guys right now!
23 hours left and 4,646 backers to break the record. we can do it!
i was going to do my nightly estimate but the website marsinvestigations has sorta got that covered now.  lets me not have to do math tonight i'm kinda happy lol
there's still a 5,000 reward. nobody's going to get that? they will rent a theater near you and do a screening for 50 people... that's so cool. too bad i don't live in the us or have that kind of money. lol
just set it for 23 hours from now in other words whatever 1 hour ago your time would be the right time tho i might set it for 22 hours just to be sure your fully awake i know it takes me a while lol
i started off with 1 account and a 25 pledge, now i just signed up for my third account, because i don't want to accidentally give anything up when i try for the logan lover's deluxe tomorrow and i am up to almost $600. i have no self control!
@michael - good night! @karina - new york city. i'm off, too. i have just over an hour to write about 2k words.
now our goal should be number of backers. i'll go to sleep when we have 82,643 backers (who am i kidding? i'll probably sty up till we hit 83k).
@james @steven, thanks
whoops sorry for the caps folks
wish that the new packages would get released during non-business hours. i would love to get one of the sdcc and/or logan packages, but i work at a government site that doesn't allow cellphones or internet access....tempted to call in tomorrow but don't have any sick days
new york is eastern
whoop, $5.25 million!!! have to drag myself away and take my dog out, then it's off to bed for me. but you can bet i'll be up bright and early, checking that counter. i expect my mind to be blown, from sheer marshmallow awesomeness, y'hear? good night everyone! it's an honor to be among you. :)
@karina new york city.
what is a major city that fall within est i am trying to figure out waht time to set my alarmt o to make sure i am awake
@michael i am definitely going to try!!  i'll be at work, but my calendar is clear at that time (maybe i should block out my outlook with a "meeting" haha).  im so nervous!  but if it doesn't work out i'll lurk around outside for a glimpse 8).  or try my luck at their wb booth signing and/or panel (if that happens)
:d 5 more minutes? haha, jk... see ya'll tomorrow!
@michael southwick - there's your $5.25 mil. bed time for you now?
*michael
5.25!  goodnight micheal
yessss!
$5,250,000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@mindschemez: you going for the fan package or the vip? maybe i'll see you there!
@michael: yeah right! i keep telling myself to go do something productive, before it gets too late and i have to go to bed. yet, i've been sitting here refreshing every few minutes since 4pm. 4pm!!! (pst)  that's over 4 hours straight!
wow, the backers per hour needed to break the record keeps going down. only 207 per hour now, as at 82,388 only 4754 backers needed with 23 hours and 18 mins left.
ok so i just opened another account and pledged $25.   we will get to 87,300 backers by 10pm cst tomorrow.  yea marshmallows.   and thanks to all of you for making this effort so much fun.  i am looking forward to following this project through the opening of the movie and celebrating the success of the movie with all of you.  woo hoo...  :-)
whew, vmars fans don't play. lol.  thanks michael! i hope so too.
5.25 and then i can sleep. 5.25 and then i can sleep...
@ melissa - it's like marlena said. the ks page stays, even if the fundraising raising has ended. we'll definitely know the final amount raised.
@marlena: awesome! can't wait for tomorrow! i told myself i'd go to bed at 9pm (pst), since i have to work a little bit in the morning...i'm gonna have to drag myself away from my laptop...my dog is sitting on the couch next to me, whining to go outside, but i can't pull myself away from this dang page!!
@melissa - oh, the final total will definitely be posted. the tracker to the right sticks around as long as the page does (which as far as i know is for the life of the site), so we'll know.
@mindschemez: yeah, that's what i got. i did the vip option the second it went up and by the time i completed the transaction thing (30 seconds maybe?), 10 of 20 were gone. hope you get in :)
and michael too, thanks for the info!
yeah, here in cdt, i see $195,393 with 4,125 backers.
@beatriz: thanks! geez, that's a lot! d'you think the final amount of money pledged will be posted on here, once the day is out tomorrow? i'd love to see a final tally, of how much we raised in just 30 days!
ha, guess it depends on your time zone :p
thanks for the infol! hope i can snag a cc package.  i can just leave work and walk to partayy that day.
@melissa: far as i can tell from kicktraq, about 196k
@ melissa: today (actually, yesterday) we raised 189k, and had 3940 new backers.
i do not have tomorrow off. i am working all day. i'll be lucky to get home in time for the last few minutes.
and if you click "manage your pledge" and just refresh from that screen, it saves you a step... and valuable time. worked for me at least!
this is kind of looking more doable by the minute. i'd imagine there'll be a dip as north america goes to sleep, but i like how fast that backer counter is ticking over. only 209 backers per hour needed as of right now.
man so glad i have off tmrw cuz its gonna be epic, cant wait till 1pm tmrw that ticker is gonna go  crazy
how much $$$ have we raised today? just curious. i know people have posted it all over the place, but i'm too lazy to go fishing through the thousands of comments!
@mindschemez: yeah it was a few seconds later. just keep refreshing and scroll to the value of the tier you know you want. it'll show up suddenly, without warning.
this is pretty amazing. 82,000 backers and over 5-1/4 million. the fans, i think, have spoken, and done so very loudly. pretty darn cool. i find myself checking in several times a day, just to see the progress. and the numbers just keep climbing.. 23 hours to go.. i hope we make the mark.
@mindschemez: god, yes, the new rewards posted, and were snatched up like hot fudge sundaes. better be on your game, if you wanna try for a special package. :)
@balabanto: agreed! people who thought today was nuts... you ain't seen nothin' yet!
goodnight everyone. i heart you all.
lovely update.  look at the ticker go! did today's new rewards post at 1 est sharp?
we're still only at 23 hours. 6 million is very attainable.
haha, michael, i wouldn't doubt it! i'll definitely be checking as often as i can, tomorrow. unfortunately, tomorrow is one of my busier days (today i sat around, doing nothing, basically, cuz my morning class was canceled :) but i'll make time!
i hope the page doesn't crash at 1 pm est tomorrow. xd i won't be getting any new rewards, but i know many people want them and will be refreshing the page constantly.
i think the internet may explode with all the activity that'll be going on here tomorrow. annnd i'd be ok with that :)
@kate, i remember how broke i was in college, and my sister is in her last semester of undergrad, and i am constantly loaning her money--though i guess it's not a loan if i'm never going to see it again! anyway, heading to bed so i'm not useless at work tomorrow! i think all my coworkers and students will be only too happy when this campaign ends!
crossing my fingers that they'll add more high end rewards. i would love to be an extra & get to watch the movie being!!! so excited for the movie! congratulations @robthomas & @imkristenbell!!!
thanks beatriz..... can't wait.....also can't sleep...
so excited!!! i'm crossing my fingers that we beat the backer goal! if not, 5.25 million is still amazing!!!
kristen bell is part of the latest update! yay!!! i'm so excited! dang, look at the counter go! marshmallows! it's been an honor. let's pull out all the stops, and go out with a bang! a bang, i tell you! :)
there are three openings at the $200 level.
arrgh only 24 hours to go i am both excited and sad at the sametime
@stephanie aw thanks. :) if i had any more to give to the cause i would in a heartbeat.
@ elisa: the difference is 6 hours. so, 1 pm est = 7 pm in germany (19h)
i'm peppering more tweets with trends before turning in. sorry to anyone who follows me
@ jenny you can also open a 2nd ks account and donate another $25 that way, so that you count as two backers.
@jenny. i think you just add 25 bucks to your existing pledge.
hey, all!  i pledged already and am getting a shirt - yay!  but am considering donating $25 more to get both shirts.  does anyone know how to do this or if it's available yet? thanks!!  so excited for this movie!
@kate, thanks! regardless i'll take that pic and get it to you via twitter! i hope i can save my pocketbook a bit of money! i'll probably still up that to get both shirts, though!
god. look at that counter move. it's just like the first day.
germany...
where in europe?
@stephanie good luck girl! cheering for ya!
yeah, i think googling that would be quicker than asking us? : )
erm, europe is a big place... lol
hoping i will be able to get the logan delux tomorrow! if that happens then i will be freeing up my logan lover package and 200 level package! which will be good, since its more than i really had budgeted to spend anyway! we shall see!
just watched s1 end ( for like the 5th time) and was still screaming at screen. and then a kbps update. woohoo. c'mon ppl. we can do this!
guys help me here.... 1pm est .... what time will be in europe so that i can set up the alarm???
there is an update!
rob just replied to my tweet. best day ever!
i couldn't be more excited that one of my favorite shows is coming back.  that being said how about some more high end rewards.  maybe another walk on in the movie?  a chance to meet kristen?  name a building in the movie? it is the last 24 hours - offer something for the dedicated fans that didn't find out about this till all the high end rewards were gone!   give us another chance.
9k on the last day?..this is only about 5k away from eclipsing the 87142. like 210 per hour should do it.
@shirley - http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week has exactly what you want.
ok. so, the day has ended. 24 hours left, and 5,015 new backers needed. 209 new backers per hour.
i'm sorry, i saw steven first. but thanks to all. you guys are amazing! so friendly, i feel cozy in here :p
hi guys! i'm a new backer(waited to see if rewards would open up for asia...but no such luck) but i backed anyway and i've been refreshing my ks app for the past 14 hours(i really think we have a shot at breaking that record now). thought i might as well say hello! :d and holy crap i should get some sleep...but i probably won't.
uh oh - ocd panic!  1 minute to go in the day....17 backers to go until 5,000 even remains...and 5.25m looming! better get while the gettings good. good night, all!
@steven thanks! we totally can do much more :d
sorry, df had 87,142 backers. we need 87,143 to break the record.
double fine adventure has the record. 87,142. they got 9000 new backers on the last day, according to kicktraq
can we add a count down timer that shows hours and minutes remaining.  plus can we add a place that shows how many more backers we need to break the record? thanks.  shirleyq
@ dheyrdre: the record belongs to "double fine adventure", a video-game, that had 87,143 backers. we are trying to break that record.
@dheydre doublefine adventure, with 87,142
which ks has the most backers? until now...
ah...thanks :)
okay, with 82,108 backers at approaching the hour (10 cst, which is when this ends tomorrow), we need just a hair fewer than 3.5 backers per minute for the duration to match the record. phew, that's a lot of new backers!
mjh: melissa joan hart. she played sabrina, the teenage witch.
melissa joan hart
i'm coming a little late to the party...what is mjh?
i thought the same thing about the mjh project - nothing against her at all, but none of her characters ever inspired the same devotion in me that vm did, and she's not diving back into an old character anyway.  i like kristen bell & co, but i love veronica.
well, i won't sleep anyway, as i have a wicked cough that kept me up last night... so i'll just poke my head in from time to time after now 9 minutes and counting...
@ julia,busted, it is his wife, but he said he would do it for me as a mother's day gift... he knows i am a major fan )even took me to meet jd when he was in the area) :-)
exactly 12, huh, fiatluxury? i wish i could be that dedicated. i've tried to set time limits on this ks thing all day, to no avail. :)
@james i bet if the movie were a clarissa explains it all: 20 years later movie it would have a better shot. i like mjh, but it seems like a typical romcom. something i would probably be happy to watch when it hits netflix, but not something that would inspire me to back.
i told myself something similar when we hit 81k.  good luck
in exactly 12 minutes i will stop being so ocd about this and go to bed. probably.
@james, i like mjh, (heck, we have the same name!) so no offense meant to her at all, but that is discouraging, i must say.
@eric but did you actually do it, or is that your wife leaving a comment under your name after creating an account for you? ;)
i realize its only day 1 but after some quick math that mjh project is only gonna end up with about $460,000 out of the $2mil goal
just like me.
today we had 3850 new backers (and still 20 minutes to go). we'll need about 5,100 new backers tomorrow. it's difficult, but it's doable.
@melissa...yep i'm off....goodnight marshmallows! hope to see 83000 when i get up :)
i must love my wife, i just backed this movie for her.
haha! that might've been me...thanks for letting me know i won't be alone, james!
btw someone here asked if anyone else planned on coming back to the comments section once the kickstarter is over because they didn't wanna be alone here, well you wont be i'll be here too maybe not every hour or so like i am now but unless they make a forum or chatroom section on the official movie site, i have to go somewhere for my marshmellow fix and its not gonna be the imdb pages haha
can we do it, marshmallows? can we break the backers record?  whaddaya say? :)
5137 backers to break the record, and 24 hours and 26 minutes left.
@jesca, you can go to bed now... :) if you can sleep, despite the excitement!
with the 30%, we'd still have double of our net for the original goal.  cool!
just 5k away now. man i am so obsessed!!
yay!!!
82,000 backers! woot!!!
82k backers!!!
82000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@dheyrdre: de nada. É essa que eu quero também.
sooo close!
if those 30% estimates are right, right now about only 3,660,000 are going to the prouction of the movie.
put in my $1 pledge from this secondary acct.  lets say it's on behalf of my gf.
@beatriz obrigada :d achei que ficou muito boa e é exatamente a que eu quero. thanks guys and girls for the help!
yea @ emma about that your right it is a lil sad for her thats why i am seriously considering putting $1 to her fund and promoting vm in the process on there comments page.  if they do get there goal its only one more dollar for me and if they dont i lose nothing but either way give good promo to our cause.  it's funny tho how she says in her intro video that her prizes are better if anything she got her ideas from us and imvho our package deals are better :)  as for a full %30 going towards prizes etc... i didnt think it'd be that high looks like we got lots more work to do to keep a full $5mil in the bank.
@backupismydog @dheyrdre rob posted the link on his twitter account and someone posted it here. here's the link, again. http://twitpic.com/ch9alh
@jenne - right? i guess we'd need 5,750,000 to clear 4m net.  that's a lotta t-shirts.
@ jesca: yes, that one is my choice too. :)
10 min left...come on people 82000 before i sleep!!
@dheyrdre some questions on the home tab were answered earlier and one of them was about women's t-shirt sizes. new: what t-shirt sizes will be available? will you be offering a different style for the ladies? while we aren't able to offer a different set of women's sizes for the t-shirts, backers who select to receive t-shirts will be able to choose from xs, s, m, l, xl and xxl sizes. we did research the possibilities for offering different women's sizes, but it just wasn't feasible.  (but believe us ladies, the shirts are still going to look amazing on you.)
@beatriz thanks for the picture! it has confirmed my choice of t-shirt!
@dimitry - i did see that, and as soon as payday rolls around i'm going to back that as well. my brother sent me the video like a month ago, but i didn't realize they were going to do a kickstarter with it. super cool!
@ dheyrdre: olha aqui: https://twitter.com/robthomas/status/320326937513967618
$3.6 net isn't bad at all!
has anyone seen this project? it looks really interesting! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/405192963/landfill-harmonic-inspiring-dreams-one-note-at-a-t…
@midnight - jinx!
@backupismydog (i hope is correct) where?
if 30% for fulfillment is right, we've raised something like $3,662,362 net so far.
if that was the case, 70% would go toward the movie, or 3,662,277.5 as it stands right now
@dheyrdre. someone posted a pic of the shirt on a woman and it looked great.
i thought i read that 30% went towards pledge fulfillment, and payment to kickstarter and amazon. but i don't remember which update mentioned it.
@melissa great! i really want a shirt but i don't want a men's shirt. and yes it's my real name, thanks for the compliment :d usually people say it's different, i'm brazillian and it's not a common name here.
we're almost to 82,000 backers! so close to breaking the record!!!
dheyrdre machado if you go check the updates from rob there is pictures of the 2 tshirts. i would say thy are unisex
so amazingballs that we're already over 5.2 with 25ish hours left! made another account for my teenage daughter (who is as vmars obsessed as i am!) figuring if she doesn't want the shirt i'll get two. anyone have any idea on how much fulfillment of all the pledges will cost? how close to 5 mill will the get for the movie?
@dheydre (if that's your actual name and not just a screen name, i'd just like to say, your name is very cool.) yes, the shirt is for men and women. rt hasn't come out with an official update about whether or not there will be women's sizes/fits available, but i imagine he'll think of something.
24hrs to go!!!!!! @melissa i'll still be around
hoping to see 82000 before i go to bed...23 min people :p
tracy thanks :d
kicktraq states we did 178k in the first 23 hours of the day, one hour till the day ends. 25 hours till the fundraising ends.
@dheyrdre, welcome, not sure yet about the shirts?
@james, i just felt sorry for melissa, don't think she'll get enough backers. but it's cool that vm kickstarter is an inspiration to others.
hi guys! i'm new here (just pledged), the shirt is for men and women?
anyone else planning to stick around these comment pages after the project is officially funded? i don't wanna be alone here! :)
5270 backers to break the record!!
emma thanks for recap link, i enjoyed it.
24 hours 57 minutes, i mean.
it's actually 24 hours, 27 minutes.  there's still a chance we can make $200k today.
after a horrible day at work... there's nothing like seeing this number on your calculator for your 24 hour check in data: $184,894!!!!!!!!!!!!! congrats marshmallows!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 day to go!!!
all right everyone! 7th inning stretch now!  24 hours to go, let's do it!! :)
here's the link -- http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/318676760/darcis-walk-of-shame…  @ emma why did it make you sad i thought it was cool other celebs know about and are "attempting" to replicate the success we have here.  i say any spread of the vm kickstarter is a good thing even if done by another celeb for her own project and if we show we are wiling to give them a dollar they might do the same for us.
admittedly sketchy math factoid: if we get 862 backers in the next hour, kicktraq says we'll have gotten 4448 backers today, and that would be how many we need tomorrow to break the record.  do-able, if everyone is right about the last day backing frenzy.
**watching vm... "amuse me dammit! amuse me now!" keith (singing): "i finally got the police report on the dean's suicide!"  hahaha!
http://au.eonline.com/news/407356/throwback-thursday-recap-veronica-mars-veronica-and-logan-s-epic-first-kiss… maybe someone can comment with a link to kickstarter project. don't have fb or twitter....
81,820
@becca del pizzo - i would up my pledge in a heartbeat. bring on more logan lovers packages.
@jesca - i think kickstarter is having some small problems with a replicator.  they wrote about it in their new blog about how kickstarter technically works (backing and hacking).
i'm seeing 81,809...
mine states 81,805
i think it's just a glitch with the counter.  the accurate number is the higher one.  had the same issue on day 1.  it goes away eventually
i'm seeing that too, jesca. very odd. maybe it's time for me to go to bed...
why does it keep going back and forth from 774 to 798...?
the video game ones.  camelot unchained: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/13861848/camelot-unchained/ divinity: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/larianstudios/divinity-original-sin/ dwarven: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/dwarvenforge/dwarven-forges-game-tiles-revolutionary-miniature/ rigidbot 3d: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1650950769/rigidbot-3d-printer/
ha, @christina - not to mention kristen bell is, like, a negative size.  not many people could wear it, but i suppose you get it framed for your wall!
one of the rewards in melissa joan hart's kickstarter is an outfit she wears in the movie.  that would have been such an awesome reward if they offered it for veronica mars....of course i probably wouldn't be able to afford it!  (it's $5,000 in the darci's walk of shame kickstarter)
the key is to find a project with an active comment section. anyone know of any?
vm was the show that got me into fandom (shout out to marsinvestigations.net/, cloud watchers and this promo http://www.youtube.com/watch…) and i couldn't believe it when i heard the movie was being made. i have rewatched eps over the years and the mysteries and nuances still get me every... single.. time. thank you so much rob and the cast for making the movie a reality!!! we have about 24hours to go to the end of the campaign and we will be so close to the most backers ever total, so every backer counts! my suggestion, from my experiences in other fandoms, is advertising to casual fans is key. if anyone has some spare time over the coming hours, compose a short message explaining the campaign (e.g. vm movie that you can help support with just a $1 donation and with link to this page) and then pick a social media of your persuasion (twitter, tumblr, facebook, youtube, instagram) and go hunting for the vm casual fans out there who probably haven't yet heard about the movie. searching vm tags and people who have retweeted/reblogged/liked/posted about vm is the logical starting point. i will be eagerly checking in throughout the day to see the counter!
i remember that! many people came here and asked for us to support that project (torment) on its last day, and i believe it became the second project with most backers (at that time) and the project in the video game category that raised the most money ever. or something like that. i think this should work for us too.
more logan lovers package need to be added............you'd get more money from me and a few others i know!
you can donate $1 to any project to chat up this one, really...people were spamming this comments section with links to the "torment" kickstarter on its last day.
@james, i agree. almost made me a little sad to see, although i can't say that i got a big desire to see that movie. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/318676760/darcis-walk-of-shame…
looking like we're gonna hit my predicted figure of 5.5 million!!
as an added incentive.  i doubt there movie is gonna get the funding it needs it's just my guess but it doesn't seem to have the steam our movie does even tho they are asking for the same $2mil and giving it 44 days to earn the money i still have my doubts its gonna make it and if it doesn't then any money we put up  won't even be used
@james could you please provide a link to the project to which you are referring?
we have 3.494 new backers today, and still one hour and 36 minutes till the day ends.
@backupismydog trying! i just really don't want rob to be disappointed.
i asked rob if more tickets to the fan event would open up tomorrow, he said he didn't think so..and that they went quickly is all. :( i'm sad i missed it!
wherever we land for backers today, i'd bank on at least 1,000 more than that for tomorrow. we'll beat the record.
@jesca. think positive.
@ darlena stagg, you pay for whichever tier that is double  and when they contact you for size and all, let them know you ordered both.
@james the only problem is they only have 46 backers right now, so i don't know how much they can help.
hey guys has anyone else seen this?  mellissa joan hart is doing a movie by way of kickstarter she even mentions our campaign in her intro video.  they too also have a $1 pledge so heres my thought. if we show them support they might show us support in our final hours.  what do you guys think, a lil cross promotion to help both?  we could donate $1 and chat up our movie in there comments section.  just an idea don't shoot me down if you think it sucks.
we are almost there!!! i want the 2veronica marz shirtz. can some1 tell me all the wayz to purchase them?!? thankzzz, baby stagg
i feel like tomorrow we are going to be just shy of the backer goal...we got more backers today than yesterday and i know we can get more tomorrow as it will be the last day and there will be some more rewards coming out.
@laurelei - my second account will be backing in the name of another marshmellow who doesn't have an account (with kickstarter, amazon, or any debit/credit card company), my brother, so i'm actually representing two different fans there. you have a point on that, but as demonstrated by the facebook likes (which are most likely all different individuals, though i guess there could be some where two people are the same person), we have a lot of fans out there who aren't on kickstarter. chances are (for me at least) i will be sticking to just the two accounts, but i will be backing in both my name and my brothers with those two accounts.
for those coming to the event tomorrow: there is some free parking in front of the pub. there is also some street parking. if that is all filled up there is also a 24/7 parking garage right across the street. for the garage the cost is $3 for 1/2 to 1 hr, $6 for 1 to 2 hrs, $9 for 2 to 3 hrs, $12 for 3 to 4 hrs, $15 for 4 - 8, and after that it is $18.
isn't the point of breaking the record to show that there's enough interest in the project (in the form of individuals, not people who can create extra accounts) to perhaps get a sequel/mini-series? i mean, i guess "they" won't know, but still.
@joshua - i have considered just keeping my second account at $1 (which is where it is currently at), but decided i will be adding the second t-shirt on there, because i want the second set of stickers. but that's a good plan for anyone who just wants the extra shirt and to help up the backer count. i'm considering seeing if i can create accounts with all of my email addresses just to help up the count a few more. i think i have eight email addresses, although i'm not really sure how to access one of them. i haven't decided if i'm going to go that far, but i've already pledged with both accounts. i just need to up my pledge for the second t-shirt. although i wish the blinders one included that little extra someone added (i.e. veronica holding the camera that is peaking through the blinders).
please add more sdcc packages!
watching vm season 3 and checking this simultaneously! so awesome. :)
@karina the cc hotel registry takes up most of the hotels in the area, so if you don't go through them there are very few options and i think they are all already full. definitely crazy! your godson will be in heaven. lol
@marci true i think a lot of people would book hotels as soon as they have got their passes in feb. i wish i bought a pass, i signed up last year but only so i knew how the whole process worked as i am planning on taking my godson next year or the year after as he is addicted to star wars.
i wish it gets to 82,000 before i go to sleep
@karina, yeah $200/nt is a bargain price for hotels during cc. most places are $250+, if you can find one, but there are very few hotels still available for that weekend.
ah, goid point about the added shipping cost for them. will stay. but i want mire backers, so ill still do the 2nd acct and do the $1!!!
@carrie, that is something to consider, but its an extra $200, though i have a feeling hotels in sd will be more that during comic con
@karina  that is so true. what's another $150? i originally bought the sdcc package for $150 but with hotels, transportation etc., it would be as expensive as this.
there are over 217,000 plus facebook likes for this page and only 80,000 plus backers..  come on everyone let's help break another kick starter record..  so stoked about this movie....
@carrie also when else are you going to get another chance to get him to record a personal message for you!
1200 backer in 2 hours we rob add more$150 sdcc fan packages at least!
@carrie i can't go for it unfortunately as it't not available to international backers :(
...and so if we get 1200 more today, we'll have gotten as many today as we need to get tomorrow.  man, i really need to get a hobby.  26 hours to go, you say?
@carrie if you really want to do it and can afford it go for it!
5,687 backers needed...
@karina that has always been my assumption as well. i'm so tempted.
@carrie i always assumed that with kristen excluded that he would be the next most requested
*therefore
:d i just backed the project, yeah!!! lets hit that record.
@elysia, i believe that having 2 shirts from 2 separate accounts will require 2 mailings, which is 2x the postage (and thereofre takes away from the production for postage x everyone who does that.)  i think you can support the backer max effort and have multiple accounts with $1 and put all your incentive money towards one package....unless, of course, you want 2 of something besides shirts, which would require the 2nd account.
finally got the husband to sign up and pledge a dollar! yay! it's about time considering he is the one that told me about this! :)
poor jason is going to be swamped with head shots, posters and outgoing messages!
that t-shirt idea was brought up days ago. what people said it would take money away from the production but i don't see how. def do 2 accounts
@joshua, great idea, i think i will as well
@carrie i wouldn't think so.
dear jason, please sign a few more headshots....there are a lot of girls who love logan!
do we know if there is a limit to how many outgoing messages each actor will record?  i was thinking of upping my package to include the voice mail, but i only want it if i can get logan.
please do another round of logan lover's package!!!!
i meant "twice as many", obviously!
dear jason, i know you will be signing a heap of poasters on top of your headshot but please love you forever agree to sign a few more headshots :)
@marlena  i totally noticed it's the same thing to create a new account, people seemed so happy to learn they had to add 25$ or 35$ to their pledge (really, 10 more dollars to ship the second shirt?), when it should have encouraged them to create another account! i'm only getting one tee, but anyone who's getting 2 should have 2 separate accounts (that way they get twice as much stickers!)
81000 backers! wow!! i wish veronica's mars investigations business card was available to have with the mi logo
if every backer can convince one person to give a dollar we'd be golden.
@marlena good idea on getting additional backers. i think i will take my additional $25 that i upped for the second shirt, and just create a different account at and pledge the $25. voila--additional backer! everyone should try!
@matthew yeah, i'm still upset about it. someone else mentioned having the same problem this morning. not cool at all. : (
that's awful marci :(
@matthew i got to the page to apply the new amount in the amazon sight and it completely locked up. since i had it, it should have held if for me until it process, but didn't and when it finally went through it said they were all gone. have my printout showing i had it and everything, but i don't get to go. : (
@marci how did amazon steal your package?
@jessica @merah i would love to have the mars investigation logo on a t-shirt. that would be pretty awesome. speaking of the mars investigation sticker (the other sitckers), i thought i'd give my thoughts on getting a second shirt (for those who want one) via adding $25 to your current pledge verses getting a second shirt by creating (or just using) a second account and paying $25 that way. here are the advantages i percieve in doing this via the second account. it cost exactly the same either way, so you are gaining anything monetarily with either method. 1) by getting that second account, you up the backer total. bonus upside of this is that you can name someone else as the official backer for your second account, if there is someone you think would appreciate being an official donner for veronica mars. find their name on the list when it's made, print it out, and present the print out as a gift to them. i'm going to be naming my brother as the donner for my second account, since he's my fellow marshmellow. 2) you get a second pdf of the script. i'm not really sure that two pdfs of the script are all that more useful than one, but hey, send it over to the person of your choice and see if you can convince them that they should become a fan or maybe see if they want to go to the movie with you, if it's someone local enough that you can do that. 3) you get two sets of stickers. that means you can put them twice as many places, or if you want you can keep one set somewhere safe and unused and use the other set. 4) it's probably less complicated for them to have to only look at your pledge level, but seeing as they have to check to see which t-shirt you want, this may not be true. 5) you can get duplicates. there may be someone out there that wants to have two copies of each shirt, just so if the one you want to wear is in the wash, you have the second copy as backup. i should point out the one issue i see with the second account option. as far as i know there is no way to tell rob or warner brothers or whomever ships things that they should pack items for both accounts together, so that would be an added cost. it's a pity, because it would be nice if we could just add a comment that said "put in box with items going to such and such a person." so that's my two cents worth on that. as you can tell, i'm doing the two accounts thing. for me that was easy, because i already had the second account. i got it for another kickstarter, my first almost a year ago, where there were two limited pledge levels that i wanted both of.
@michael: awesome! lucky you!! :) kb is amazing...
now i need an scdd package to open up, since amazon stole mine this morning. please!!
logan lover's is open again!
@tiger the $450 was added at the same time as the two $150s. i missed it, too, at first.
omg hackz
got the sdcc baby! see ya there @ceecee! persistence pays off whoo hoo!!!
no more sdcc or logan lovers. @ melissa, kb made an appearance at megacon in orlando, fl back in 2007 to promote the movie fanboys.  this was still during the latter part of s3 of veronica mars and i got to get a picture with kb and talk to her a little bit.  she was really nice and said she hoped there'd be another season of vm but that obviously didn't happen.  but now we're getting a movie!!!  :)
was that $450 vip tier always there today?
@tiger. maybe people bought for each other not knowing the parent/spouse bought. quasi gift of the magi.
now that's gone too.
and now the ultimate question: who will be the one to grab the last logan package? @michael: i see you too have a picture with kb! how do you do it?? :)
and now an sdcc slot is available.  the hell is goin on?
and an sdcc slot opens up.
there it goes.
@julia i think it already did.
i'm surprised there's still a logan lover's available.  but the number of backers seems to be increasing nicely.  :)
that one logan lovers slot is still sitting there. i wonder if it will last longer than the whole 100 of them did originally.
it's true, look!  it's just sittin there, ready to be posted above a bed.
what?! @tiger!
@stephanie. coasters, love that idea!
@jessica. i too would like another option. the mars investigation shirt would be a subtle nod to the fandom. the mini-blinds shirt is a cool concept - but just looks weird - even on logan. plus, horizontal lines make you look bigger.....
someone mentioned that they were going to turn their stickers into magnets--i'm definitely considering that, and since i am getting 2 sets, i think that the other set might get turned into coasters, if i can figure out how!
umm... there's a logan lovers slot available...
so, now my 4, 7, and 9 year olds are backers (not to mention, husband and grandparents, too). the nine year old is in love with kristen, em, i mean veronica. ;)
looks like there's one special logan package left! (it'll probably be gone by the time i post this comment...) :)
hope you're right, @stormfury - i assume the reason they're angling for this particular benchmark is to use it in the promotional materials and to get wb to go all in on distribution to farflung places ("the largest (number of backers of a) kickstarter project of all time....") and i'm cool with working towards that.
6000 more backers. :d it's possible!!!
i bet those stickers where other shirt ideas but just pick cal noir and the lens. they will probably be shirts for non backers when the movie comes out.
wooo!!!!!!!!! $5.2 million!!!!!!  @ jessica: i'd love that! at least as an option...or like on a coffee mug or something... ! :)
@flatluxury - i bet we hit 90k.  the last 24 hours is usually really strong on these things.
@jessica i would! it looks a lot better than the california noir shirt.
whoa, we're in the 5000s now for number of backers needed to break record - (5,850ish, but who's counting?)
have you guys seen this? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/318676760/darcis-walk-of-shame…
off the topic - if anyone is a melissa joan hart fan - she has a kickstarter that just started titled "darci’s walk of shame" - this is so cool it looks like we have started something great here
is it just me or would anyone else prefer the mars investigations as a tshirt logo!?!
sorry if already mentioned, but i just turned on the soap channel and saw the series finale of vm. it looks like they are starting all over again with the pilot and 2nd episode tomorrow. they show two episodes a day (starting at 5pm on the east coast). let the dvr-ing begin!
join us, midnight.  join us.
i love tweetbot. so much that i was even willing to pay for it, both for my phone and my mac. and this is after only using free twitter apps (various ones, most recently twitter for mac and iphone) for years.
@tiger. i also use echofon on my idevices. it's pretty easy and you can have multiple accts.
@midnight i use the version of echofon that's a firefox add-on, so you only look at it when you browse the webternet.  they also have a windows and mac version.  most people keep an app on their phone, though.
thanks for the info tiger.  when the commenters start to dwindle here, i may just suck it up and learn to tweet.
gah.... i've managed to avoid both twitter and instagram for so long... way to suck me in rob thomas!
@adam you can still comment when it's over. also some ppl have started a skype group.
@midnight based on other projects i've backed (all games) the updates will continue to come in through this site and mirrored into your e-mail if your kickstarter account is set that way.  there might be things on other websites that will be linked to in these updates, like those youtube videos we've already seen.  you probably won't get everything unless you follow rob and kristen on twitter, where they've already posted things like instagram pictures.
probably on the official website he talked about yesterday in one of his updates! @midnight
@midnight updates should continue to come through here. and i believe that backers will continue to be able to comment, so it's not like this section will be shut down in 28 hours!
ok people it's time to go to sleep here in switzerland! so when i wake up i want to see 100,000 backers and $6,000,000 at least! chop chop!!!
anyone know if rob is going to continue using this site for the promised backer updates?  or will they be done through email?
going off of what others have said, the page should remain functional after the project ends.  it will just be listed as  "funded" and the hypnotic counter will stop.
i joined kickstarter (twice) because of this project, but had heard of it because of searching for sonny, which stars jason dohring and minka kelly. unfortunately i had not heard of it in enough time to back that project :(
28 hours to go.... i really don't want this to end. :( it's been a blast guys. loved reading all the comments.
5.2 million!
we can do it!!!
sorry for the typo, that's the new pledges per hour graph, we're not at 570
6,000 to record!
i think we'll do it. and tomorrow should be a huge push.
judging by the marsinvestigations.net figures, i think we're averaging 570 backers per hour.  i'm sure it will slow later in the day, but we only need to average 214 ro make the goal
ugh so close, yet so far away.
sweet!
@leslie i opened an account with kickstarter just for vmars :) it'll be useful for future projects! i honestly didn't even know this kind "of thing" existed. i honestly can't think of any other possible project that would have been even half as worthwhile.  maybe a buffy movie.. but as a big of a buffy fan as i am, i have to say, vmars is the most well-written show of the two.
5.2 million!!!!!
5.2 million, how are you? lol
wow $5.2mln!!!
$5.2!!!!
$5.2 million!
$5.2 million!
@leslie not i, i have backed several projects on kickstarter before, though i will admit this is one of the ones i am most excited about.
@laura you can follow the latest stats here http://www.marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week i've been glued to that page for hours!
hey rob, time is running out on the kickstarter record, so i suggest you offer a special incentive for the 87,143 backer.
81k backers!! 28hrs left we can do it!!!!!!!
same here.  vm opened my eyes to kickstarter, but i've also noticed a lot of awesome projects worth backing since being here.  this one is obviously my favorite, but i'm glad it exposed me to others.  and to the whole crowd-funding concept as a whole.
@leslie i did. i'd heard of kickstarter but never really checked into it. of course, once vm was one of their projects i joined immediately.
100 people in half an hour! we can do 88000!
what rate of backers per hour have we been averaging recently?
me too
is anyone else working over the weekend - will be happy to see the final figures and then life can resume with complete knowledge of an awesome movie being on its way :)
@leslie, i did i had never even heard of kickstarter before this but have looked a other projects since and had great fun with it.
btw, i always assumed this project would run until 11pm in austin, but if the countdown is right it it's following the east coast which would make it 10pm in austin? is that correct? i'm not in anywhere near the states, just curious.
6,050 backers to go . . .
@leslie. this was my first backed project. i had never even heard of kickstarter.
who here opened a kickstarter account because of vm?  i know i did.
anyone won the lottery recently?
60 million dollars?
what do you think? how much more should we donate, to compell them to do season 4? ;d
oh it is 11 postm tomorrow. well it is almost midnight in centraleurope so my brain doesnt work anymore. also work in 5 hours ggod night and good luck to all of us.
or if you are willing to make deals with other kickstarter projects. comment on other kickstarter pages you are interested in and say you will donate if they donate here lol. idk. im trying to think of everything! this way can come off mean though. good luck guys
well i guess the most backers we will get the next 10 hours until it is midnight on the us west coast, after that i guess it will slow down.  really hoping we break the record will be good for press, aslo hope for a theater realse in europe. is there any word on that?
so i am very impressed the backers increased greatly since yesterday! i think there is a chance of us making the cut! we need 6,128 i think we can do it! i think if most people know it ends tomorrow, maybe some are waiting until the last minute to get there friends to all pitch a dollar! ya know!? it is going to be pretty exciting tomorrow night!  lets get to at least 82,000 in the next 5 or 6 hours. and tomorrow....ask everyone lol. idk i went on facebook and saw the mutual likes on the veronica mars page and i asked those people. even though i haven't talked to them in a while. lol but yeah just keep getting the word out. even telling one vmars fan and have them tell one vmars fan and so on and so fourth. there were 3 million+ viewers who would watch the show. we can find more! comment on wb, upn, soapnet and cw pages leave comments get the word out to everyone ya know! just some ideas! i am pretty excited! not gonna lie! :)
@jenny h yep, it's still on the soap network. season 3. watching it now. :)
@michael tschuertz yes, it is
so ist is what 5:40 in the afternoon in ny right now right?
and there it goes...81,002 backers!!!
81.005 backers!
81,000!!!
omg here comes 81,000 backers!!
we're third highest and second highest backers.
slow response on my part.  my refresh seems to be a bit slow
thanks robyn!  :)
wasn't the highest amount near the 10 mil mark?
tanks jon!  your pic is pretty snazzy too lol. i hadn't thought of the stickers as an avatar, but that's a great idea
$10,266,845 by pebble watch.
@laura over $10 million.
@laura 10,266,845 	pebble: e-paper watch for iphone and android for more info see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter#top_projects_by_funds_raised
@andrea well, enjoy coming out to my neck of the woods. the austin party should be pretty awesome. i wanted to go just to watch everyone walk the red carpet. i don't even have tickets!
@laura, 10,266 million (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter#top_projects_by_funds_raised)
what is the most amount of money ever made on kickstarter?
@robyn  thank you for the suggestion!  however i do have austin $1000 tickets and was just looking to switch because travel from toronto to austin is going to be a pain.  my sister had nyc premiere tickets and we gave them up because we decided we would rather have the indirect flight and attend the after-party than a short, cheap flight without.  :)
@andrea at least you have a shot at the premier tickets... and if you meet someone, you could be their plus 1 to the party!
@midnight   she's a doll!!!!  all due respect to your beautiful face!
@robert  thanks a mil... well a buck at least!  but that was very cool of you!
@midnight, i think i accepted that i was going to have a very unproductive month sometime on the 3rd or the 4th day and i still cared more about watching the counter than my due-next-day essays... also, how exciting is it that we've surpassed kicktraq's 'low projection' for the end of the campaign :d http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-exp-projection
@jon, thank you!  that's my little niece.  she looks more like me than her mom, so i like to take her out and claim her as my own =)
@ tiger you made me laugh. thank you! i believe i can remember that.
is vm still playing on the soap opera network? that's why it's all on my dvr. unfortunately it's only standard def. @robert you're the bomb!!
@midnight... lol!!  who is that cute little girl in the picture!
@robyn, there are no more after party tix.
let's just say it's 88,888.  that's easier to remember.
@robert. thank you!!!!!!!!
i keep convincing myself that i'll stop watching after the next mile-mark and be productive.  what a lie..
@andrea go look at the updates, there are more spots being offered tomorrow.
ok i have a stupid question. i have seen the record for backers on here before but i've never written it done. so here's my stupid question what is the backer record? thanks :)
@haley google search 1channel or tv-links
argh. auto write.  @mansah not marsha!!!
@ robert many thanks :))
@marsha.. i love the mental image of your friends staging an intervention to stop you watching vm. lmao!!!
@robyn, please share
@x  exactly.  :)
i wonder if wb taking the show off the website is just some sort of coincidence with web contractual availability.  maybe they only took it down because they forgot they left it there and noticed all the extra web traffic without monetizing it with ads.  maybe it was a legal thing since they would have to pay rob thomas and the other writers since those episodes originally aired before the writer's strike and subsequent negotiations.
@ robyn  i have been after nyc or la after-party tickets - canadians were not eligible when that reward was first created and this was the first time i am aware of them being available. @jon  i really hope that it is not tracking my computer usage!
ah what the heck, i've never seen the show but i'll throw in $1 to help you get the backer record. i have been watching this project simply out of joy to see the studios knocked down a peg. congrats all :)
@jon i don't get a grade, but it did get approved. :)
@harriet, it's totally not wrong to start rewatching the series immediately after you done... i accidentally saw it three times on loop earlier this year because every time the series finished the only thing i could handle afterwards was more of the same... my friends had to force me to go cold turkey because otherwise it would have probably gone on forever (and yes, then this happened and we're back to square one)
@robyn - i think she was referring to the premiere+after party slot that opened up five minutes ago.... for 3 (literally in the true literal sense of that word hah) seconds and also just trying to snag any that might open up along the way so far (of which there really haven't been any that i've seen; with sddc taking a bit of pressure off the la and with austin having a vastly smaller population i have seen those open up a few times today and occasionally other times)
@haley i don't know what you know about other websites for watching shows, but i watched all three seasons online...
@andrea i don't think the tickets go until tomorrow.
just need to vent: once the vm kickstarter project was launched i started re-watching season 1 and 2 of veronica mars on wb.com, they've been posted for free for a long time. 3/4 through season 2 they removed the season from the web. the wb is going to profit from this movie back by the fans of the show and yet when vm actually gains momentum they decide to remove a season from their website. what so we will have to buy it and they can profit more, wtf?
@tanya - maybe. that was the only time i've ever seen the nyc premiere and after party open up since that reward was created (and, from what i hear, instantly sold out).
@andrea lol i know my it guys is going to wonder the paint on the f5 key is all worn off!
we need 217 new backers per hour to make the grade here!   get the word out!!
@ tony it's ok that just 2 of the 5 new right? i mean it was my husband and kids. so i figured it was one of those what you don't know won't hurt you moments, lol.
i have been re-freshing almost non-stop for weeks to get those nyc tickets - my timing was just off!
@tonia,   and you're note even blonde  dios mio!!!!
i wonder if it is happening when people go to manage their pledge.  so maybe it is just the system and you happened to click refresh right on time?
@ jon thanks i guess i had an airhead moment lol.
dang nyc premiere and after party opened up.... for 3 seconds! how could anyone even click that fast?! lol
@tonia wahouuu that's great! i convince a friend to pledge that's all...
hahahaha @tonia  thats ok we forgive you!
okay in my excitement of having 5 backers from my houses i forgot to log out of my son @ zachary sumners account when i made my post. oops.
@tanya ah, i was thinking him.  i don't know his face as well as the other fans because they were into dick more than me.  but everyone makes him sound so much funnier in retrospect than the guy who encouraged his little brother to rape veronica after she drank the drugged drink he intended his girlfriend to have.
@kate that line was so funny, the way kb delivered it was awesome!
@kate  did you get your grade on your paper yet??
12,000 for 5.2m and about 6300 backers for the record.... (i realize you can all read too, i'm just marking time until the cough syrup kicks in.)
@ben maybe it won't be so bad and you won't have any problems getting into the event?  it's probably harder to score tickets to the actual sdcc.
@ tiger - candy man!  caroline's boyfriend for too brief a time, but word on the street is he will be back for monday's episode :)
so, aside from re-stocking sold out stuff, i wonder if there'll be any more last day goodies... i mean, we've got stickers, we've got special thanks, we've got pretty much every reward type i can think we'd need... i feel pretty spoiled already! can't wait for the update!
who did ryan hansen play on 2bg?
@tigernightmare it was 6pm over here and sadly i hadn't made it home in time (i was fully aware it was happening of course). definitely not blaming rob thomas though! the man is a genius and i'm so glad this campaign has happened. knowing the guaranteed entry to the event was limited to 100 people, makes me think it would've been hard to stand a chance anyway! fingers crossed more become available but if not i guess i'll have to be ready to queue for the event (will definitely be worthwhile no doubt!).
ok so it'll be 5 from my household now, because hey my 14 year son has an email so why not i did the $1 pledge for him too :))
@louise i guess, it was a good surprise for me as well!
@july i don't usually watch it which was why it was weird to see him in it!
@louise watching 2 broke girls on e4 as well ;)
thanks all. perhaps there will be another chance to witness it tomorrow given the obvious demand.
@rob thomas: please add more sdcc event rewards!!
@brenda - it looked to me like all the sddc/logan stuff sold out within 3 minutes, certainly most of the options.
thanks tiger, and wow!
@jason i think it would be hilarious to make dax some angry guy that veronica has to deal with, a la season 1, "shut up. when i want you to talk, i'll wave a snausage over your nose."
yea i am july
@brenda.. you'd have missed it if you blinked.. they went like a hot knife through butter
@tracy - that would be awesome if julie gonzalo is in it. cool that she sounds so psyched about just the possibility of being in it.
@tiger hey i can afford my fam but then those damn credit card bills gets the rest. it's not cheap here in socal. ;)
thanks, jon! :)
@brenda f less than 5 minutes.
are u in the uk @louise?
how quickly did the "logan lover's package" sell out? i would have gotten a kick out of watching the numbers move if i was free at the time. :-)
what is the mystery boyfriend that veronica starts out with at the beginning of the movie is played by dax, then veronica has to choose between her real life love and her on screen long lost love. mwahahahaha
didn't realise ryan hansen is in 2 broke girls!
can i have a dollar?
@tracy... i love your hat!  <):^)
@tiger. meh i could afford the dollar but i don't feel like talking to people. lol ;)
@kate - yes those bad boys cause trouble everywhere play nice people. this is a happy place.
@jenny. not unethical. maybe they'll become fans.
@lilly good one
@jenny h: i would ask first.  maybe they'll even pay their dollar for you?  either way, they probably wouldn't have a problem with it.
lol!!!! @kate!!!!!!!!!!! "my day is complete. veronica mars has accused me of evil."
so how unethical do you think it is for me to sign up my sisters my mother my father my boyfriend my friends and just pay thru my amazon at the $1 level. they would pretty much know it's me anyway. i might get cut from some xmas cards lists that's all.
pledged about 1 hour ago. the number of backers was at 80488. so in 1 hour, we got about 247 more backers. according to my calculation, we need 210 backers per hour. looking good so far!
damn, this all started with the logan fiasco. look how he inspires such anger in people! i'm kidding. :)
lol everyone is a little on edge today lololol
that's an overreaction if i've ever seen one.
@carol, re: "old sponge with hair hanging off of it" someone must be a psych fan. :) parker wants in! regardless of your feelings toward the character, it's nice that the cast is excited and has great memories of their time on the show. especially when they have other projects going on. http://movies.yahoo.com/news/veronica-mars-movie-julie-gonzalo-could-part-050000979.html
@ july & david thanks. lets see my head is already coming up with more family members to snag emails from and i'll just keeping paying the $1. it's only a $1 right.....x a few, lol.
damn, corey.  i don't doubt he's a nice guy, i know he is.  i'm a fan.  but i got tired of following him because of all the nerdhq tweets.  there were like three tweets a day about how i should buy a t-shirt.  at least.  surely, i'm allowed to not want to read that every day?
please be respectful and considerate. :)
so frustrated i can barely think straight.... go veronica mars fans woohoo!
fiatluxury / july: i think @robthomas should probably mention that in one of his updates.
tiger... what the hell are you talking about. you clearly know jack shit about zachary levi. i am a normally calm person, but the t-shirt company that you are talking about is a business venture, for fans and nerds. i have been to the hq both years and that guy waited through late nights, and sat for hours to make sure every person who attended got an autograph and a handshake. the entire hq is done for nerds, chuck fans, and the operation smile charity. read up before spouting your stupidity. so heated right now.... i have met multiple celebrities in my day, and zach is easily one of the nicest people i have ever talked to. stop trolling man. damn.
@ tony thanks :). when my daughter gets home this evening from college i am gonna get her active email address as well and sign her up. my son and i have been backers from day one. so it'll be a total of 4 from my household :))
@tonia you don't need a new amazon a/c, just another email to register with ks. i just discovered that and pledged with my other email a/cs :)
whoa almost 81,000 backers! dare to dream?
yes, what july said : i've created two other accounts on ks for me and one for my brother, but have paid through the same amazon account for each.
@tiger yes it would make it slightly better... hoping my migraine goes away so i can still go to the austin party tomorrow night! can't wait to get my 9pm 24 hour daily total today!
you don't need to create another amazon account. you only need a new account on ks.
@ robyn - i hope the non work part of your day goes better!
sorry, robyn.  would it make you feel better if i told you we made $132,000 so far today?
@tonia well done!
@julia possibly but that doesnt mean we love you any less!
okay, so i just created my husband an amazon account and just made him a backer :))
had an awful day at work... time to make things better by watching the numbers climb!
things will only speed up tomorrow. i'm thinking the record is pretty much in the bag!
@julia that sounds amazing!!!
mmm, levi doesn't seem to respond to fans much.  i feel like most of his feed is about promoting his t-shirt store.
chuck, c'mon now! great show... been tweeting zachary levi off and on to try and get a veronica mars party / panel at this years san diego nerdhq. pass this to rob in case it somehow hasn't been brought up!. nerdhq would be the perfect venue for a veronica mars event.
am i the only vm fan who does not care for whedon shows? i've watched almost all of buffy, all of firefly and sampled other stuff. it's just not my thing.
@kate you poor, poor thing. good thing netflix exists with all those shows and more.
okay, so marsinvestigations.net says we only need 211 per hour now. that's about 3.5 per minute. in the 9 minutes since the top of the hour, we've gotten 50, which is 5.5 per minute!
we can do this! i am seriously geeking out... i hope logan & veronica get back together <3 i got a few of my friends to donate a $1, you can too :)
@joseph only about 6,500 needed!
closing in on 5.2m...
come on people, 30 hours to go and 8,000 needed to break this record.  $1  celebrate your love of the marshmallow nation by you signing up your friends (with their email address) and donating a buck it's easy.
ok... am half way through season two in  my 're watching of the series... don't want it to end... but it might be a bit crazy to restart when  i get to the end of season 3... :-)
oh yeah, chuck is also a favorite of mine. i love quirky shows!
ha - my handle started out back in the dark ages of email as an inside joke between me and my brother, and now that's just what my name is for everything - wasn't even about cars!  but that does make it easier to spell out for people:  "like the car."
tiger  -- xd
i own all seasons of buffy, angel, chuck and veronica mars. got them on the shelf behind me.  love them all.
ha, the "213 per hour" i calculated can also be found on the marsinvestigation.net site. thanks fiatluxury! (ps. i drive a fiat barchetta car, but that must be coincidential :)
@tiger... much love to you from across the pond.
looks like we're on pace for most backers . . .
@kate: ha. you've got me all nostalgic now. i'm looking up wishbone dvds
@carol "old sponge with hair hanging off of it" -- way to paint a picture!  :) i agree, wesley (if you watch him go from buffy to angel) had such a great story arc.
there is no perfect day for me, harriet. there is no sunset or painting or finely-aged scotch that's going to sum up my life and make tonight any ... there is nothing that i want.
i freaking love wishbone, for the record.
@kate: nathan fillion shows up in season 7 of buffy and he is evil.  it's delicious.
@tiger... can i say anything to cheer you up? i'd try to think of a joke but it probably wouldn't be funny... i know. my four year old told me today that her uncle knows an awful lot.. but not quite as much as god or santa... made me laugh anyway!! :-)
@ kate, i don't know if you have netflix or amazon prime, but buffy and angel are both available for free streaming on those sites.  you can probably find the dvds relatively cheap as well.  i cried a little after the final episode of buffy aired.  /bigbaby :)
@kate: well, wishbone is pretty much amazing :)
@flat  thanks for the link! marsinvestigations seems more detailed than kicktraq.  and it's run by fans, and therefore, superior =p
wesley went from being the most annoying stiff to the coolest mofo the world has ever seen.  :)
hey, just realized after posting that i'm in my other account...
i'll admit, i'm pretty new to the whole old-school sci-fi noir thing. buffy was before my time. i am a youngling. my ex got me into firefly and i got myself into vm but.... yeah. i am sorely lacking in some areas. we didn't have cable growing up. i was limited to bill nye and wishbone.
@harriet i don't know if i can ever smile again.
thanks michael!  going to do that right now :d
@andrea. agree re order of buffy. i love that wesley and willow are married irl.
@casey: hell yeah! i'll be your celeb wingman. lol
@midnight, can't take credit for that. thank the writes of psych. they've got a million of 'em...lol
@tiger.. worry not.. text just doesn't always read in the sense that it was meant... i read and enjoy the messages every day.. and you are a major part of that! keep smiling!
@ kate, have you never seen buffy?  if not, it's an awesome show!  the first season is a little rough around the edges, but it really hits its stride in s2.
er...relative, relative, relative, i need an editor.
@midnight, the marsinvestigation.net site has a day-by-day, though their day is not the same as the kicktraq day....so it's hard to say what's accurate right now, but this may give you an idea of the relative growth of donations and backers day to day on a relative scale.  http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/totals
@kate  and you must watch buffy and angel in the right order to fully appreciate the awesomeness of wesley.
carole, i like your phrasing, and i can't wait for the opportunity to use it on someone
i opened up a $200 spot when i bought my sdcc package for $150, so i know at least one of those is still available.
buffy will be my next show to watch, then. three weeks, when i'm free, i shall do it!
obviously i meant "be" nice. damn you autocorrect.
he  nice everyone. we all came here to unite for one common goal. everyone has remarked about just how awesome we marshmallows are. don't be an old sponge with hair hanging off of it.
okay, so tara and cornelia had me convinced i was much more rude and angry in my response to ben.  and i admit, that's a major possibility in my imagination.  but i only pointed out the obvious harsh truth: he missed an opportunity that had more than enough notice.  if ben had said something yesterday, i would have recommended using the contact form to see of rob would postpone it.  but really, there isn't a convenient time for everyone, so it would've been kind of moot.  anyway, please don't call me a douche and make me sound worse than i am.  that's not helping.
@ben, lol i got that part, but ty =).  i was interested to see how we've been trending lately.  since i don't know where we started today, i can't tell how many backers per hour we've been getting, so i don't know if we're on track to make our goal.  i know what we need, but not what we're getting
i just opened up a $500 slot if someone wants it... i wish i could get into the $600 slot!
@kate. you must watch buffy. one of the other best shows ever
@tara - haha, yeah it is the worst.... for the person doing the writing. for those getting to do the reading it can be the best ;). oh, autocorrect, we love/hate you so.
@kate - a character from buffy/angel, pictured in tiger's avatar ;o)
in the last 30 days, i have rewatched all 3 season of veronica mars.  i have gotten 10 people to watch the series for the first time and all 10 of them became hooked.  3 of the 10 are already into the second season in just a week.  i have asked all my followers on social media to support the project.  this project has renewed my faith in people's ability to appreciate smart television!
@dreamrose who's wesley?
@marc  i started watching vm because joss whedon said i should.  and he has a cameo in season 2!
@michael southwick at least there will be a few of us who are in the same boat! power in numbers :)
this process is as democratic as can be, but because there are limited rewards, not everyone can get exactly what they want, myself included. but i'm not mad about that - i'm happy i get anything at all, and most of all i’m happy there is going to be a movie.  and i’m especially glad that most backers feel the same way.
@marc, i think there's a ton of stuff on youtube - you could try snippets from season 2:  http://www.youtube.com/watch….  if you like buffy's wit and wisdom, vm is right up your alley.
sassy not sazzy
tiger, all your posts sound like wesley in my head.  can't imagine why.
apparently both my computer and my phone want to save me money. lol. logged in about 5 mins before 1pm. as soon as the packages went up i clicked on the logan one, made my way to amazon and then my computer decided to restart itself. so i figured, hey, i have a phone, why not? got entirely through the process and at the end where the thanks for updating part was, a red box popped up saying the reward was gone. so 8 sdcc spots opened up, tried to click and sold out. *shrugs* wasn't meant to be i guess. congrats to everyone who got through! can't wait to hear all about the event. also super excited that we are over 80,000 backers! yay!
noone is angry at rob.. he is our hero!
@marc: that's pretty much a list of my favorite shows. go out and grab at least season 1 immediately; i can almost guarantee you won't be disappointed.
@marc if you like buffy i really think vm is for you! same sazzy noir style.
i don't think anyone was saying it was at the wrong time... just that it would be nice to have another.. perhaps at a different time.... maybe i didn't analyse it that much.. we are all just a happy band of fans.. no need to stress out....
@brittany: i bet they'll have a presence. nycc has been getting huge the past couple years.
@fiatluxury thanks! maybe there are some snippets on youtube to see if i like the show, before i rush out to get a dvd season box? shows that i like(d) are buffy, psych, futurama, community, better off ted. maybe this is the next one to be liked :)
yes, i love that site! why my phone would turn before into veggie is beyond me..
hey can they do something for the new york comic con ?! a veronica mars pannel for us east coast ? please <3
@midnight it's all about tone for me.  i'm all about empathy and i'll quickly express genuine condolences if someone words it so they aren't placing needless blame on rob thomas or other people here.  if someone doesn't have the money or if they were genuinely busy with something and wanted to be here but they couldn't, then i'll feel for them and try to lift em up.  but if people are like rrawrr rob thomas wrong time your fault i didn't read i can't be on the computer at all, that just rubs me the wrong way.  that's sort of a negativity breeding more negativity thing.  and yeah, i could be less reactionary and just ignore people like.  that's an issue of mine i'd be better without.  but sometimes people make me mad, especially when rob thomas is doing a tremendously nice thing that everyone knows is limited.  am i nuts or do people need to not be angry at rob thomas for doing a nice thing?
@ shane, add $10 to your pledge amount for shipping and select "outside u.s." for canada (or any other country).
@tara  know... have you seem that website wtfautocorrects.com there are some that are really funny on there!
@michael southwick  agree, we should all just be over the moon to get a movie!!! have a blast at the con. i've lived in sd for 20 yrs and have issues with crowds so no convention center for me! you are the braver one! i just take lotsa strolls downtown for celebrity siting!
@micheal, i was just telling rt that very thing not too long ago.  special group of people...
@midnight 87,143 - number of current backers = total/number of hours left
@casey: right??? i'll be saying "don't look like an idiot" repeatedly in my head the whole time. i'm definitely the type who gets a little star-struck
bummed i couldn't get vip sdcc tickets, but i'm still thrilled to have gotten the $150 package. i'm excited to meet so many veronica mars fans.
ps. i swear to god auto correct is the worst invention ever
hee hee, @tara: freedom veggie! auto correct is not your friend today.
ditto  what you said @ michael
i didn't disagree with your message, more the way you said it. that being said i want trying to start a fight and myself could have worded it nicer. i'm just going to sip my tea and enjoy my last ten minutes of freedom veggie i get in the carpool line :-)
well i just want to say i'm glad we're all in this together! i'm happy for those who got the prizes they wanted; i'm disappointed for those who missed out. but ultimately, in the end we all get what brought us here in the first place: a veronica mars movie! this is a pretty special group of people. glad i'm in the club :)
@michael southwick: fantastic! i'm sure i'll be a nervous wreck that day...gonna have to think of some things to say so i don't waste the opportunity and don't look like an idiot!
does anyone know what the most accurate way to track the backers per day, or backers per hour would be?  i was using kicktraq before, but it's pretty slow to update
welcome to vm fandom, @marc - if you liked the intro video, hunt down season 1.  neither the show nor ms bell will disappoint, i'm sure!
yeah, i don't want to fight, but i really don't appreciate being called out for pointing out obvious bs.
honestly i've never heard of veronica mars, even though -- according to wikipedia -- it should have been on at least 3 dutch networks over the past few years, but i like the idea to break a record and miss bell looked very pretty in the project video, so i decided support this project!
tiger, why do you care if people miss out and are a little disappointed?  it's a fair reaction.  this forum has been great so far, the negativity is totally unnecessary
@crystelle yes i too have been refreshing for over an hour... maybe time to move on for me. he said it's first come first serve at the theater so i'm sure there will be camping out. honestly i'm too old for that now & since i live near by camping on a side walk seems ridiculous when i'm so close to my bed & have friends that live in the gaslamp. sorry grumpy ;(
@midnight: i'll second that. c'mon gang, we're basically like family now! share the love!
oooh... chill out every body.... lots of people were upset they missed pledging for the new things, for multiple reasons.. some of us have less access to the internet than others... it is all good we are all friends.... people are just disappointed... no harm in venting a little.... deep breath. have a drink of tea (or whatever) and chillax...
seeing as i haven't seen anything anywhere does it say that we pick in the us if we are in canada or do we pick outside the us.  i'm confused now, it used to say that if you read the updates.  hope we reach 5.5 mill at least before the end!!
am very excited for this.  i re watch all three seasons every year.  and every year am sad at the end that there is no more.  now there is!!  woot woot!
@casey: awesome! i'll see you there! i'll be the dude looking at his shoes in the corner :p
this is not the place guys.
@tara well, sorry.  sorry, everyone, go ahead and *demand* things they cannot provide.  because they're british.  or were caught in traffic.  you know, perfectly valid, human reasons for being unable to be one of 300 people who were able to be here after two updates told them to be here.  my fault, i'll do better next time to get you on the computer when you're supposed to.
@tara - agree i think it's time for tiger to some time away from the comment section...
tip for those wanting to upgrade to the premiere tickets tomorrow: login to kickstarter and hit manage your pledge before 1pm, then refresh that page at 1pm. saves you one step!
post from norway here. i've made to pladges, and made my houseband do the same. i really hope we beat the record! i'm hypnotized by the backers-counter ...
jesus, some reason! now i sound like idiot!
24/7 i couldn't backspace for and reason :-)
i've been a backer since day one and read the comments every day, just no posting. @tiger nightmare- you are coming off real douchey with your comments and are probably turning off a lot of people- not just me. not everyone can be on their computer 23/7
@james it was 1pm eastern standard time.. so 2 hours ago...
i managed to get one of the sdcc vip packages! so freaking excited!! look forward to meeting the other 19 vips! plus rob and the cast, of course.
@james pledge $150 or more
@james - look at the second $150 reward level. also i just opened up an la premiere slot if anyone want to snag that quickly.
@james: everything sold out in about 5 minutes... two new $150 tiers (logan and sdcc), and one new $450 tier (sdcc)
@cornelia as far as i know, only kickstarter and maybe rob thomas can censor comments.  i've done no such thing.  and what you may define as non-criminal doesn't make them any less annoying.  people who go out of their way to spew off a sense of entitlement with a lame excuse *demanding* something that people were ready to take and they were not is just stupid.  lots of people missed out.  the new tiers were gone in less than 5 minutes.  come on.  if you missed it, better luck next time.  do not feel entitled or people will you call you out on it.  woof.
not blind nor dumb, its theres but sold out in 15 mins :( ughhhhhhhh lol i keep refreshing in hopes of 100 more logan lovers packages lol
am i blind or just dumb cuz its after 1pm and i  still don't see any jason related reward levels or any new levels at all, can someone point them out just so i know they are there? btw congrats to one and all for breaking 80k as wel as $5.1mil.  tinhs are looking up but we cant stop now when we are so close.  we need less then 7,000 in the next 32 hours and i personally would like to see us hit between $5.25 and $5.3 mil by the end of the campaign.  that should give us a comfortable margin of money to use for all the prizes and still have very much near or even above $5mil to actually make the movie.
@ceecee: sweet! and hey, you've got me beat. i'm camping out at the con... someone told me i could use their room for storage and showers. ha, trying to do this on the cheap :p
they won't know where they are shooting until they make their final budget and can determine if it's cost effective to shoot in socal or somewhere cheaper.
@ tiger: what is this thing with you commenting and censoring every other user? 1 am _is_ early. just asking whether another opening at another time is not a crime.
only 213 backers per hour to break the record!
more sdcc please!!! i'll be living in san diego this summer, can't wait! also i hope they will shoot around san diego! wonder when they will announce where they are shooting..
only six twitters left!
i bet someone out there is reaaaally regretting the decision of not airing season 4!
michael southwick, i'm going. i got some ghetto hotel
@harriet still. not everyone has a smartphone or can use their computer from work. you do what you gotta do.
whew! 80, 302! now i can go back to regularly scheduled life. :)
sorry.. i meant i was home before 1  est (not 6)
so, who else has the sdcc vip packages? i'm flying solo at the con; might be cool to hook up... lower my intimidation factor of meeting rob, kristen, jason, et al... xd
@tigernightmare.. it was 6 pm in the uk... i live 3 miles from work so i was  lucky enough to be home before 6pm est, but can see that lots of other people would still have been on their way home.
please 5 more backers.  i am unable to do anything else except hit refresh. perhaps i will be able to leave my computer when i see 80,300.
i think that can totally still get this record! get the word out everybody! @dalybear
apologies to any twitter followers. between work calls i'm messing with posting to different twitter trending topics to get word out. my dog is cute though.
@cornelia, pretty sure they're just being polite :)
just a quick question concerning the statistics: when i upped my pledge the other day i was thanked *again" for backing a project. just to understand that better, i lowered my pledge, ks thanked me, upped it again, was thanked again. does that mean that ks counts the changes in pledges as well? or is that just a polite thing they do but they keep track of the members who pledge?
@ben 7pm was an inconvenient time for you?  they also kind of preannounced this was happening with at least two updates yesterday, so if you missed it, there were people who were paying closer attention to the updates.
@julia: correct. yeah, he messed with the $200 option a while back as well. originally, there were 5,000 if i recall correctly
for a second i thought the twitter option got really popular all of a sudden, but i think it's just rob messing with it. it was open to up to 150 backers before, right? now it's only 135.
@daniela - thanks. i'll see what happens. the nyc stuff goes so fast, it may be tricky.
@midnight, it shouldn't be too hard to get them on board. rob could threaten to write them out of the movie, or kristen could threaten to taze them... whatever works  ;)
@julia, i guess you're right :) it may not be a headshot with personal message, but there are still plenty of voicemails left :p yes, i'm pimping them out... the only thing that makes up for not being able to afford a thing myself is to see others benefit from it :p
@sandy i love your idea about the cast member headshots.  they'd only have a day to get cast members on board, but i think it'd be great for the numbers
please add more spots for the post-sdcc event. the timing to buy was bad for international backers. i'm coming all the way from the uk for sdcc (my first time). also, can backers somehow be guaranteed an autograph opportunity at sdcc at the wb booth. that would seem fair!
anyone get an extra sdcc ticket?? free lodging?!! please be normal, please be normal...
@mansah it's not that i'm worried that shipping isn't including in the $25 tier, but shipping two shirts to the same address in two separate packages is still going to cost more than in one package, which is how adding $25 on top of your pledge would work. so even if they have accounted for shipping, a separate $25 pledge will still take more away from the movie funds than just adding it on top of your current pledge.
i am very happy that finally, i was able to contribute to this project, too! my husband had his own account and just now, i created a second for myself and i am really looking forward to seeing the film and to the t-shirt. :)
@x look at update #18 for tomorrow
over $5.1 million, and well on our way to $5.2!! i predict $5.2 million by tonight, sometime...(pst)  i am bummed about the sdcc packages being sold out already, (should've known! marshmallows are clever, and fast! :) but it's ok! i still get the awesome extra stickers, and the script, and the shirt!! :) i'll just have to nag my family about taking a weekend road trip to la next year...(if the movie doesn't end up making it to norcal, where i am) but you never know!!  *squeal* so excited!!
anyone on twitter?  the package that has rt and kb follow you for a year has a plenty of slots open.
anyone have nyc premiere tickets but would rather have la?
we split our original backing into 4 different accounts.  i bed on a big package, and for my hubby and two kids, smaller amounts with no incentive - so the shipping costs are covered.  :)  i would love this whole campaign to be record-breaking on all levels!!!
@julia oh, good point. i didn't think about that!
@julia, i'm pretty sure shipping is calculated into the $25 price, after all to get the second t-shirt internationals are required to pay $10 extra for the shipping...
@tissy that would break the backer record but probably end up costing more in shipping, which would take away from money that can be spent on the movie. i think they'd prefer that extra accounts just be $1 and you add $25 to your big pledge account.
we are three away from 200 since the top of the hour. which was 23 minutes ago. we need 213 an hour. i'm starting to believe.
signed up under my husband and made second account for me to get the other t shirt.  i forget who posted it, but if people did that to get t shirt instead of the add $25 to original pledge, then i think we could totally break the backer record.
i have to ditto @sandy - i'd bid on packages from other cast members.  keith mars is my dream-dad.  i'd pay dearly for a headshot from him... maybe a "who's your daddy" caption?  heck, maybe a "who's your daddy" package!!!
@krystle i got my husband to sign up and now he checks the numbers as much as i do, ive created a monster!!!!
@krystie i'm doing the same thing. and we're getting out of town visitors so i'll make both of them do it to.
i am wondering if everyone has signed up their spouse/significant other.  i just realized that my "husband and i" are a backer, but we really are two people, so i am going to have to him make another contribution (just a buck) tonight.  if everyone else who hasn't done that follows suit, 7,000 will be a breeze!
@dotti yes, when the movies done and everything is in order they will contact all of the backers.
fewer than 7,000 backers needed now.  around 200/hr for the record.
@ dotti, i asked and it was confirmed to me that they will confirm shipping addresses before anything is mailed out.  i'm moving out-of-state in a few weeks and wanted to make sure i'd get my goodies! :)
maybe they should consider some similar packages with weevil, mac, and wallace. and keith, can't forget about keith! or they could set it up like the voicemail messages -- "a cast member of your choice, kristen and jason excluded, will send you a personalized, autographed headshot."
thank you guys!  i am getting all of this stuff for my daughter so i wonder if they will confirm addresses before sending them out?
@dotti rob has said that they are budgeting days into contracts just for signing, so they will be real.
@ dotti, since the signed posters are limited i'd assume they're actually signing them.
@dotti, the faq has specified that it will be actual signatures. they will have add in days designated for signing them.
do you guys think that the signed movie posters will be actual signatures by the cast or stamped signatures since there are so many of them?
i got it! i missed it by 10 minutes due to work. so freaking excited!
therese i am sorry!
i tried someone beat me somehow!!!! thanks for trying
and gone. i hope therese was able to grab it.
just released mine, so however gets it! i hope you enjoy it!!'n
and gone!
sdcc is open,
gogogo
release
ok i am going to release right now
i'm on...if u release it hopefully i can snatch it before anyone else lol
@flatluxury and going by kicktraq, which keeps real hours, not those fake pacific hours, today is already #6.
holy crap 10 mins and all the logan packages are gone!!! i wanted one :(
@theresa not yet
wow incredible late surge. i didn't think breaking the record was possible but 7k in 30+ hours? maaaaybe......
going by the marsinvestigations site "days", today is the 8th highest grossing date of the entire campaign... but we'd only need about 15,000 more dollars to bump up to 7th.
@mansah me too, i want to be here, on this site, counting down.
am i the only one feeling my entire body is buzzing, this all has me so excited!
the jason lover's package sold out in 5 minutes, but rob said he might be able to talk jd into doing more of them...
@alina i'm interested i'm interested!! did u release??!!
sheesh. how fast did the jason stuff sell out?
ahhh!!! 1pm est is 10am pst not 11am!! too tired from my shift last night to do math!!  i live in freaking san diego! i wanted a ticket so bad!!! rob release more for the sleep deprived & mathematically challenged! doh!
29 more backers to 7,000 even needed...
@lina, i'm greatly, greatly tempted...:)
if people want both can they not open another account?
what would a fan have to do? and or who to contact if they wanted to intern for this movie?
leave it alone @balabanto
@mansah then it's doable, laptop in bed at 04:30?
wow., took a break from work at 1pm et just long enough to sign on and grab a sdcc vip package.  can't believe i got one.  just got back from my work mtg and didn't even realize how few of those there were.  now i'm both excited and a little nervous and it's still a few months away.
also a twitter trending topic for #throwbackthursday.  i tweeted. yeah yeah got time left wrong. who didn't love show about feisty blonde solving crimes. #throwbackthursday support #veronicamarsmovie kickstarter.  2 days left! http://t.co/zmiklnmkaz
@balabanto the problem is that they are both limited quantity items. you can't really stack them.
no need to be greedy, balabanto.
i'm doing my part --getting my husband to donate as well. ;) love the stickers, btw.
the sdcc comiccon package should be stackable with premiere tickets. i'll drop rob a line.
@asma, i know how you feel. it's really just amazing to be a part of this! i think that's where my excitement comes from. i love being involved in a project that has such a passionate group of fans!
me too, asma - i'm home sick from work today and gopped up on cold medicine, and this is the only thing i can concentrate on.
hey there!  for anyone who is interested, http://www.tvshowjunkie.com/veronica_mars_complete_seasons_1-3_18_dvds/p974945_4549064.aspx is selling all 3 seasons on dvd for $60!! :)  it's a great deal!  free shipping out of mi.
oh wow so excited - sooo close to breaking the record. why am i so excited? movie is getting made either way - fact remains im so excited!! :d
@drew, are you on i  release and you can snatch.
all, i snatched one of the $150 sccc packages, but doubt i will be able to make it.    so all, i will release in a minute, make sure you guys grab it.
this project is now only the second to reach 80k backers, and only the third to reach $5m pledged. well done fellow marshmellow's!!
right on @tiger ^_^ this is so exciting!!!
all $200 tier slots have been claimed.
i'm devastated!!!! i have tickets to sdcc this year and was really hoping i would get the sdcc fan package. i was 10 minutes late and missed out. i guess i'll be waiting in line for several hours to try and get into the event still. fact: when vm did comic con after the second season, i was the first one to ask a question to rob and the cast. i gave props to bringing in 2 arrested development cast members and then shouted that i loved kristen. why not?
hi there, i have been following your comments from day one with great joy, thankfully managed to get my hands on the sdcc package. has anyone already started thinking about an after party vm fan event?
at this rate, we can actually break the record!
80000!!! yay!!!
woo hoo 80,000!!!!! awesome guys!!
80,000 yes!!!!!!!!!!!! happy dance!!!!
80.000 wooot!!!
@candice i think 5.3mil+ is more likely :)
how wonderful this all is!
yay!  80,000!!
80,000 on the dot.  12:35 central time
80k backers! beating the record is still gonna be hard but we're close!
we made 80,000!
80,000 yay!
woohoo!
and the crowd goes wild.
80 is here
80k, wow!
there's 80
80k!
80,000!!!
whoa!! hey there rob thomas!!!!!!!! i was late and all the packages were gone lol
it looks like we might get to 5.2 today.
for the logan lovers, there's still the voice message level...
10 more till 80,000!!!
jason looks hot!!!!
too late! i already have my own signed head shot of jason with a personalized message! bwhahahaha!
so close to 80k
wow. backer count's increasing nicely. keep it up marshmallows, we just might be able to break the record!
i got my husband to donate. i'm trying to talk my son into kicking in a dollar. he's dragging his feet because he's trying to save up to buy a car. i'm like, "it's only a dollar!" i should tell my kids if they want to watch my dvd when it comes in, then they have to pledge a dollar now.
got my mom to donate!!! 5 bucks! she's amazing, and a fan.
i'm sure if everyone who added $25/$35 for a second shirt reduces again and does the second shirt with a separate account we'll make it... might make it without that though.  basically i'm going to wait till the last hour and do it that way *if* necessary
thanks very much, rob and jason. you guys are the best.
i'm with corey brannon--didn't want to give up my poster to attend the event and couldn't spend the $450. i really hope backers will get first dibs into the sdcc event, though i realize all of this is a logistical nightmare.
i am so. freaking. excited.
er - that's dollars, not backers. or i guess it's dollars and backers. regardless - who hop!! (which i think is an excellent expletive.)
@tiger yay! me too.
we're at about 80k for the day so far, based on the marsinvestigation.net counter.  that is pretty impressive, with still tomorrow to go!
i already found 1 person to donate.
if 10% of current backers find one person to donate, we'll beat the record.
er, "kristen."
@ lindsey click the contact under rob's picture and ask him from there. i think it's an awesome idea :)
we're about to hit 80,000. :d
also, wow i can't believe how quickly those news tiers got sold out -or actually, i can. because marshmallows rock!
any chance for more of the $100 sdcc packages? i was in a meeting when the email went out and 10 minutes later they were gone.
that's ok my name is really weird. its a very common name when its pronounced but my parents spelt it stupidly lol
while i'd love a kristin package, i'd hate to think of the amount of money that'd cost! :)  oh, i've pledged way too much already but i'm such a fan.
i loved the name of that package, "logan lover's". for his next update, rob should go with his other idea and have a video of logan tied to a chair and call it "free logan". i'm sure that would generate some money.
@lina, 11pm edt friday is 5am saturday morning by my calculations....
logan echolls is the noir fangirls' justin bieber. we are lolievers. (believers of logan. with a capital v)
there may be hope for logan fans yet...
sorry @elysia i spelled your name wrong the first time.
yeah we definitely need more logan packages. :) or kristen packages. haha.
@ eylsia if you want the signed movie poster & all three season you need the $275 level.
wow! rob just commented!
@ kate, only like 7,200! i admit i concluded we'd never reach 87k, but now i'm not so sure...
wow. that took even less time than i expected. let me see if i can talk jason into agreeing to another round of them. i'll let you all know in advance if we'll be able to offer that.
yeah, in the amount of time it took me to discuss getting 2 of the $450 sdcc packages, both packages had sold out...lol. i already pledged $200 and didn't wanna give up the autographed poster to go to the lower sdcc fan package, and 450 x 2 for my gf and i, is a lot of cash. damn all these people with expendable duckets!
@elysa you need to pledge 275 yo get the series too (you are not the first person to ask :-) )
yes, kate, i think we can! positivity! :)
*seconds lindsey's request for a blooper real*   if you don't have out takes, you must be doing it wrong ;o)  especially with the very very funny people involved...
@kcharles no, i guess. and thanks :)
@elysia only the $175 and $275 tiers have the tv seasons.
less than that, actually.
i can't believe i delayed flight for this..  and have a glitch wipe out my upgrade option...
8,000 more backers. can we do it?
hey does the $200 level include the seasons too? usually it includes previous levels? did it miss it or am i changing my pledge again lol
@ stephanie that's what i was thinking about doing but i didn't move quick enough. @ tiger i didn't think of that. it's nice to see it still climbing.
i am trying to get my husband to back it for me for mother's day... anything to get our goal!
@ kc - i would pitch in for a dfw area.
congratulations, logan fans. :)
@kcharles: i'd love that! i'm in ca, though.
is this where i ask for the dvd/bluray to include a blooper real?  because seriously, i love blooper reels.
are you going to add anymore sdcc packages?! i got one but my friend didn't..not traveling all the way from st. pete fl without a buddy..they were gone in minutes!
anything less than $250,000 today would be a surprise to me.
holy crap... all of the logan fan tier gone in under 13 minutes. lol.. well, maybe next time.
@scarlet, i'd love to do a group buy on the $5000 theater rental. dallas/ft. worth is a big enough area we could actually manage that. if anyone is interested, e-mail me through the site here.
@emily i see, well, seeing as it's not good for you (yes! i campaign not drinking coke as soon as i get the chance) a month without would be twice as good for you. and as for the alcohol, i'm the same. not too often but not never, even though it's been quite a wile now. @tanya good, i felt really bad for a moment. goodness they were snitched up quickly!! and we're getting close to 80.000 to!! yaaaay!
the most i saw open up for it was 13 and there's only 5 now.  and with that said, we're less than a hundred backers from 80,000 total.
@tonia true, but some people pledged from secondary accounts and a lot of people upgraded from lower tiers.  plus, the $200 tiers are gonna get eaten pretty quickly.
i did both the $200 tier and the logan tier, with 2 accounts...more than i really wanted to spend, but how many times is this opportunity going to come around. now, i get both shirts and can give my sister some of the stuff, too!
that was crap.. i was on a minute before..  it would not allow me to select confirm /agree i had the package upgrade in basket..  it said verify &  confirm.  but wouldn't allow me to push confirm.  that's crap..  when i finally gave up to refresh all gone
i do love logan, though.
i guess that solves my dilemma because there all gone now :,(
so now i'm getting both the $275 and the logan's lovers rewards sets and the movie is happening... life couldn't be better now i just have to do well in my exams in the summer :')
@tiger i can't afford it. i watched it go, sadly.
it looks like people are dropping the $200 tier for the logan tier. that stinks because that's less $. i am in the $200 tier + an additional $25 for the second t-shirt. i don't know what to do because i really want the headshot too???
so sad i missed out on that! they went so fast :( i'm a huge fan of his!
@kate sorry you missed it.  where were you?
i wish i could make $30,000 in five minutes.
well, i tried, but it wouldn't let me login to amazon for some reason to complete the transaction. once it finally let me it said it was taken. should have held onto those already pledging that backing option until they were able to fully checkout.
@lina, no! don't feel bad, you didn't know.
someone should organise a group buy for that last pre-showing reward.  it would work out to $100/person if you found 50 people in your area.
fastest 30k since the first day, i'd wager.
dang! (of surprise) the new packages are already sold out!! sigh. just as well, i suppose. a bit out of my price range. the written update hasn't actually come yet, though! maybe there'll be more info about the special event... :)
damn those sold out fast
wish i could have gotten one.... can someone tweet a picture of theirs and i guess i'll print that out.
some of the signed posters at the $200 tier have opened up.  12 so far.
uhm... wow, that was fast
yep, logan lovers and sdcc both sold out.  :)
both new packages are gone! wow! back to work for me now. stopped making my prezi for next week to do this :)
i am a logan lover just opened yet another account - now my total pledge (combined with my other account) comes to $480 - £311... i've never spent this much in my life, but it is so worth it
@adrian  well that not too far.. if we can get enough people to get together, somewhere between flint and detroit would be just fine  like birch run maybe... frankenmuth... just ideas.
wow, the logan package is gone in less than five minutes.
not even 6 minutes, and all gone!  love it!
all gone in 5minutes.
both gone in under 6 minutes.
i think both new packages are sold out!
i think by the time i'm done typing this, the logan lovers package will be sold out!
um, wow. the new rewards have been open for 5 minutes and are nearly gone.
lina - don't you would not know that, just explaining why i was nicer (otherwise, i would have been with you!)
could you pleeeeeease bring duncan back???
20,000 in just 3 minutes, wow...
@tanya well.. now i just feel like an ass.. sorry :(
@lina - diet coke is my biggest weak spot - i'm not tee total but i only drink alcohol very rarely (mainly malibu). actually, giving up diet coke for a month would probably cover the cost of the t-shirt...
i'm a logan lover! woohoo! opened up a 2nd account to get it!
*nicer
those logan lovers packages are flying off the shelves!!!
@ lina - we have a few fans here that are deaf, so the post is nice, but not as nice as either cc or a transcript :)
looks like a nyc premiere just opened
sdcc vip package, whoop whoop!
got the sdcc package. i'm so excited :)
oh! missed tanya's post. she was nice than me :)
@kcharles i think you get most of the info in the update actually. he's just being sweet and a tiny bit uncomfortable whilst saying it.
@tracey. use a second email address for ks. amazon acct can be same
hey veronica mars fans, i’m jason dohring, you may remember me as logan echolls, your favorite character on the acclaimed tv show vm, you might also know me from moonlight or ringer.  whatever.   i just wanted to say that i am thrilled to make this movie for you guys, it has been a long time coming, and i cannot wait to work with rob and kristin again.  so here is the deal,  rob has had it in his head that he want to get a little over 87,000 backers, which would be the biggest kickstarter project in history and he has sent me out to campaign for him and i told him i would do it because i don’t want to be written out of the movie.   so please help me to do me a favor and if there is anyone you know, you know that could make a donation, even it is a dollar that would be really helpful and as i am a little late getting onto this program, i wanted to offer a signed headshot to a limited number of people who’d make a donation and i will make a personal note, ill be brooding as i am writing it, you can hang it above your bed, it will be like looking down on you, beautiful so anyhow (laughing), thanks a lot really appreciate your support.   dark but epically funny movie for you guys, ahh you certainly deserve it.  you have my admiration for how much you have kicked in here.   thanks a lot for helping me avoid the slave driver rob thomas.  see you on the set.
@emily, hah! i don't either, i just picked stuff most people like. what do you drink then?
yes i want to keep what i have and add the logan package!!!!
inspired by chip, i changed my avatar to when i met kristin in orlando back in 2007!
i think you need to change your pledge. i pledged 200 to get the signed movie poster - big dilemma.
@ kcharles - working on it, just not a great transcriber...
**within reason. "anything" short of robbing a bank, hijacking a plane, etc. ;)
@sandy, thank you for that clarification! i thought that was what he said, but i wasn't entirely sure. i'll hang around as long as i can, and maybe the new update with the event specifics will come, before i have to go to my college class at noon. i need to be at that event! i will do whatever it takes! :)
@july me too but im in a dither will be be able to add it or do we need a new account to get it?
@tanya - thanks! not sure how i didn't guess that at least! @lina - good plan, other than the fact i don't drink coffee or beer. i know what you're saying though - i'm sure i'll find something to 'give up'!
the logan's love package - i'm dying!
@emily shearwood he says i don't want to get written out of the movie :) xxx
can someone post a transcript of jason's video for mina? i'm at work and supposed to be working....
@ jlw - i thought the who hop was appropriate as well!
@emily just skip the next few coffees or beers or something? that's what i say to myself when trying to justify buying stuff i can't afford. then at the end, i don't skip coffee :)
@ emily - because i don't want to be written out of the script or something to that effect
i have officially calculated the time it will take to get from my hometown to san diego...only 7 hours and 40 minutes! (not that anyone cares, i just felt compelled to share this, haha)
@melissa it sounded to me like you wouldn't need a comic con ticket to go to the vm event, so i'll be you're someone and say, "right!" i don't know if it's free, hopefully he'll clarify that in the next update.
does anyone know what jason says directly after 'i'd told him i'd do it because...' - i've listened to it 4 or 5 times now and i've still not got a clue (other than that the last word is 'movie').
*whoo hoo ( dam auto correct)
awesome!
who hop new update
@lina - but, money! (don't worry, i'm sure i'll have cracked before the next 34 hours are up!)
@czarlin grace sure hope we're not the only 2 pinoys to back this! :)) wish we had a local version of a countdown here!
@emily shearwood new account!! :)
@sandy, well, i hope i get to go. i don't actually have a ticket or a badge for comic con, but rob said the special exclusive thing would be available to non-ticket holders, right?  right? someone say "right"! :) anyway, i hope he gives an update with more info, soon. i hope it doesn't cost anything, either...(selfish? maybe, but i'm trying to save my money!) he did say it was first-come, first-served, unless people wanted to rsvp...but he never really said how to formally rsvp...sorry for my rambling on, just trying to think out loud. :)
@jon - i know, that's why i said up my pledge. was only considering creating another account to help the backer numbers (it would be the same price either way, right? either a $35 dollar increase on my existing pledge, or a $35 dollar pledge on a new account).
@jon i'm in mi too but closer to flint than detroit.
@emily,   rt said that he would offer backers the option to buy both i believe.
@jon benavides that sucks! i thought you'd be more likely than me to round people up. maybe it's the same everywhere.. scattered but loyal fans. well, if there's a countdown. i want a pic.  the morning sickness is getting a lot better. i just wanted to explain why i haven't been active here. (more to myself than anyone else). thanks!! oh, that would be awesome!
i am so tempted to either up my donation to get both t-shirts, or create another account and go for the $25 tier. can't really afford it and i'm trying not to buy more t-shirts yet i'm still hovering over the 'manage your pledge' button. (i'd have already gone for it if it weren't for another $10 shipping fee).
@sandy. i was way grown when i watched this but will tweet it.
@chip.. i'm way jealous too!  shes from my home town even and i dont have one of those!!!
@lina,   if i can find some people to party with i will certainly send you a picture.. so far i haven't found anyone in my area (metro detroit)   sorry to hear you have the morning sickness so bad.. but congrats on the your little package soon to arrive!!!  wonder if rt had thought about making onesies (sp? sorry been a long time since i was buying baby clothes)
@michael - i concur. every love story needs a happy ending!!!  lets make this love story epic.
@chip: agh, i'm so envious!!! kristen is wonderful. i love her. :)
@melissa yeah my friends have been trying to talk me into facebook for years, but i keep resisting. hope you get to go to the sd event. that would be very cool! you'll have to keep the rest of us updated on what goes on there.
@mansah well, as i am home on sick-leave, i _could_ just stay up. but i _should_ get up early instead. what time precisely will it be? (since we're in the same timezone, i figured i'd ask you)
hi lilly  :)
@sandy...that's exactly how i am with facebook! after i heard that rob was posting special stuff on fb, i may or may not have weighed the pros and cons of fb... still don't have one though. hoping to get to go to the special fan event in sd, also, though! that would be awesome.
@melissa yep, that's kristen! i met her at when she was attending wizard world chicago in 2006. she was very lovely and down to earth.
@michael  we need over 87,142 backers total to beat the record
almost 80,000 backers!!! cmon numbers rise! rise! lol
@craig,  yessir we are on the same page my man!
@melissa me too, i just like commenting on here more.
yeah, i'm dragging my feet on skype. my daughter has been trying to talk me into getting on twitter for a long time. i finally caved in so i could watch the rob & kristen twitter chats. i'm still trying to figure it out.
87,143 backers to beat the record
@michael i figure that's how it would be, so i have another account just in case...
it's 87,1something, so we are about 7,500 short right now.
backers, that is...
@michael & kate: i think rt said 88,000?
@ kate :) what's the magic backer number we need?  we're a little shy of 80,000 right now.
@chip: tell me that is not kb in your profile pic!!  lucky duck, getting a picture with her! :)
@lilly: i'll be here too! :) (i do have skype, but i prefer this comment board, for some reason. it's all just a familiar routine now, as i've been checking this page so frequently for going on a month, already!)
so excited less than an hour till 1!!!
@lina, the north cost so not so far from copenhagen :) still debating, the idea is awfully tempting... is that what you plan on doing?
when the kickstarter end i will still be on here since the comment section stays open even after it ends and because some people don't have or want skype. and i will also be on the skype group.  so i'll be going back and forth.
@chelsea: i'm thinking it's sdcc stuff is an entirely separate tier, so yeah, you have to give up your other prizes. which is why i'll be using my other account when they go up, just in case
@michael good. go. garth: fine, i'm gone then. wayne: good. garth: fine.
sorry! got confused, meant to say we could have a neatchat for the final countdown.
@ cinzia that's what i call commitment! :) @ kate, i'm taking my ball and going home.  :-p
@backupismydog what if we were already grown when we first watched veronica mars? does that still count?
@michael i and several others will be at the skype group.  i'm pretty sure these comments will have heavy chatter around then too.
not sure if anyone has asked this yet, but do we know what comes with the sdcc package yet, or if there's any possible chance we'll be able to donate more and also select the tickets for sdcc? ie, are we going to have to give up other awesome prizes to go?
@chip love the way you think!
we could have a tiny chat for the final countdown?
so i have officially lost my mind and created a separate account for myself to help with the backer count by pledging another $1. (and in case the sdcc events are reasonably priced,  i may or may not have googled how long it would take to drive there from ontario canada. (1 day, 17hours if anyone is keeping track)
finally got to up my pledge from $10 to $25 so i can get the shirt. i figure clothes are as necessary to human survival as food, water and shelter, so i can justify to myself. :)
btw, after all of this kickstarter biz is over, where do we fans find each other?
is there gonna be a place online that any of you are going to count down together? or are we all gonna stick it out in the comments section? :)
@mansah thanks! denmark ey, one of my favorite countries. köpenhamn or some other city? i feel you, maybe you could get up really really early?
not sure if anyone posted but #igrewupwatching is trending on twitter. people can post with that to get word out
congrats @lina, and i totally sympathise -you sadly don't see half of denmark skipping through town about this film either, the vm fans are out there -but scattered around... another downside of belonging to this part of the hemisphere is that i cannot come up with a decent excuse for staying awake for the final countdown... :(
everyone was repeating what i said.  also, i was repeating something i said before a few days ago.
this is going to be so fricking awesome.
@kate, sorry i didn't realize that michael was essentially repeating what you said.  that's what happens when you jump on and off the comments thread frequently like i do.  i think all of the backers deserve credit for making this happen, no matter how much they contributed.  we need to keep our "eye on the prize."
(or.. 20 weeks from even having an actual age..?)
@sandy thank you so much! i don't know much about this kid seeing as it's only 20 weeks old. but i do know that it's going to be a mars fan!!! nothing else is acceptable :)
@jon, don't get me wrong, i'm happy to get the collectable t-shirt as tangible proof that i supported this project, but it isn't my primary motivation.  i also would donate or participate in a walk-a-thon for  if i didn't believe in the cause it supports.  our real reward here is the movie and the friends we've met along the way.  as michael said, "the rest is just gravy."  i contributed initially because i liked the series and upped my pledge later as much as i could afford.  the incentives were almost an after thought.
@michael i now officially hate you. i'm petty like that. :)
@ kate, yeah, that's basically what you said.  i'm still taking full credit though.  :-p no, really, i read what you said and wanted to reiterate it.  i just forgot to say, "hey, i agree with..."  and i'm not singling anyone out, but certain comments regarding this kickstarter trigger a defensive response out of me and i feel compelled to say something. but we're all family here, so back to our regularly scheduled chit-chatting... :)
that's why they call it kickstarter, gabriele. :)
@wai-yi: nice graphic! @linda sorry about the morning sickness but, congrats on your future bundle of joy!
@jon benavides: you could send me a pic of your countdown party? and yes, it has been really, really fun, though i'm home with morning sickness (that last's all day) so i haven't been as involved as i would have wanted to be. you know, busy throwing up and so on.. :)
@balabanto i know what you are talking about. i suffer as a friend for another project. you would like to kick people to notice.
@wai-yi great! thank you! i love stats!
@markus i have run a kickstarter. it's easy to be right when you have already experienced the end result. rob doesn't suffer from what i had to, though. i didn't have legions of fans who are as passionate as i am. :) if that passion shines through, you'll make goal.
@wai-yin  ni hao!  you really do a really nice job on the website!  kudos to you!
@balabanto you are right but it is still exciting to see the numbers rising. and i still think the trend is right. and that makes me happy :-d
t-shorts???  musta been a freudian slip... hmm veronica in t-shorts.. now thats a spicey meataball!
and that theatre slot is still out there! someone could snatch that up!!!
@wai-yi: this is very cool! http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
@craig,  yes but rt wanted these t-shorts to be available only to ks backers.. and no one else.. they will never again be made available.  but im with you man... im not in it for the stuff, i want the movie more than anything.
@lina  well if you come, i will meet you for a beverage!!!  glad to have you aboard.. this has been so much fun!
made a slight adjust to the final week stat page. the page now has the countdown counter, totals, and charts. http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
@michael i agree!
backers per hour is less important than you think. key times and strategic announcement placement will win the day. hopefully, rob is sleeping now. because he won't get any sleep for the last 24 hours.
well said michael.  we're here to show our support for a movie based on a series that we all loved.  we unlike so many others, actually put our money where our mouth is.  the objective is to get a good movie end that this great series deserves, not a bunch of free stuff.  one can buy a t-shirt or dvd anywhere, but how many people can say they helped a movie be made.  that's the true "reward" here.
it´s sure speeding up. we had 175 backers in the last hour. only 116 in the one before. like michael said we need 220 backers per hour now. (119.2 to be exact ;-)) it will be close but i think we will do it!
@michael that's basically what i said, thanks for stealing my thunder. :) but well said.
http://www.vistaprint.com/personalized-mugs.aspx… found that in 2 minutes for u pamela
@jon benavides man! i wish i lived in the states. people in sweden don't get how huge this is!!
anyone in the metro detroit area want to celebrate the final countdown somewhere?
i think it might happen! we all want this so bad we'll find a way to make it!
#michael will: well, we've gotten 57 in the past 13 minutes, and it's not even the busy time of day yet. i think that bodes well :d
pamela leave sleep for the weekend when the kickstarter is over haha
yeah i would rally like that to happen too!
couldn't have said it better myself michael!
we now need 220 new backers per hour. that´s four each minute. hope we reach that...
wow. look at that counter go. it's like the first two days all over again.
yeah. game projects are a little different because with most higher level rewards you get a copy of the game. :) but...that's at the recognizance of the creator of the project, not at the recognizance of the backers.
worth remembering no one is buying anything here. there is a reason why kickstarter have taken pains to emphasise they are not a store. you're funding a project with the promise the money is going to be used to help complete the project, and possibly in exchange for some rewards, with some stated legal requirements to meet both promises but you aren't buying anything.
http://www.cafepress.co.uk/+veronica-mars+mugs there are some pretty coo mugs here. but not as nice as the one kb was using in video
@ michael..... well said
@michael thanks for saying that. i totally agree!
@ michael: i agree! that's what i keep thinking...we should just be thankful that after, what over six years? we finally get the movie we wanted!!! (still want) and we're already at $5.1 million!! amazing! :)
hmm, i'm torn as to which sdcc package i'm gonna grab... i'd love to do the meet and greet, but i wish i knew what time it's going to be held.
i love that you are ridiculously excited balabanto, that makes me very happy! i'm going to bed, goodnight from down under :)
@tanya i'm 43. i am also ridiculously excited. okay. so i'm hyperactive and have aspergers. but i'm still ridiculously excited.
i would like to point out that kickstarter isn't a store.  it's a patronage site.  you pay money to help fund a project.  if enough money is raised, the project happens.  if not, then nothing happens.  as an incentive, many projects offer rewards for certain pledge amounts.  i don't know if it's appropriate to complain about what reward is offered at what tier.  the point should be making the project happen.  anything else you get out of it is gravy.  if you're not interested in some of the bundled rewards, then give them away.  but i find it crazy to want lower tiers for certain rewards when the whole point is to entice people to pledge as much money as possible.  if everyone got a dvd or blu-ray for a $50 pledge, where would this campaign be right now?  give because you want to support this project.  i know money is tight for many of us, but if all you want is a dvd or blu-ray, they'll be for sale later down the road at your local wal-mart or best buy.  however, if you want to help make a veronica mars movie happen, if you want to help make sure it's the best possible movie it can be, then pledge money to this kickstarter.  enjoy the rewards that your pledge amount entitles you to.  we;re getting a movie.  imo, that should be enough.  anything is else is a bonus.
@ catherine - i too, am ridiculously excited and in my 30's!  feel no shame!
@james good point! googling how-to-make-your-own-mug is much more productive than sleeping anyway :)
was excited to find out that one of my good friends from high school (i'm 35) has backed the project and is as "ridiculously excited" about the movie as me! awesome feeling!
pamela you could always take the diy approch to a mug
cornelia no one is forcing you to buy anything if you dont wanna pay for it here then dont.  wait for it to hit stores but oh i thought this whole campaign was to support veronica mars did that change over night?
alright people we need to push a little bit more, we can totally get this to happen with the backers! twitter: @dalybear
@benjamin: (taken from faq) " t-shirts will ship shortly after the kickstarter campaign ends. we need to get your size information and print the t-shirts, so it will take a little time. but we hope to get them sent out in may. first three seasons of veronica mars dvds will be sent out around the same time as the t-shirts."
@flatluxury, awesome idea.  :)
@benjamin, i'm pretty sure that the series will be sent with the t-shirts once the ks campaign is over -i think it says something to that extent in the faq or elsewhere on the front page for the campaign.
all this talk of mugs is making me really want one. i would drink the hell out of a mars investigations mug. ok. it's past midnight here and i can't tear myself away from the counter to go to bed. must...look...away.
i just upped my pledge to the $175 spot, i have a question though. it says mar 2014 for the ship date for the prizes, does that mean i won't be getting the 3 season dvds for a year?
@cornelia, i totally get the income tax worries.... which is why i hope they won't write anything on the box when they send it...we didn't buy anything, technically, we shouldn't be paying the tax.... if you don't want the poster and are still willing to pay the $100 i think you can say you don't want it when they email round -but i could be wrong...
free stickers! i love rob. they're going alllll over my journal and guitar case. he acknowledged how small a gift it was ("it's no pony..") but still. he didn't have to do that! it's adding $ and work to the distribution part of this process! i just think it's super neat to see how much rob cares about us fans. stickers excite me.. i am so grateful. what a cool souvenir! :) good morning, everyone! looks like we're on our way to six million!
hey ppl did you notice a new update or am i just playing catch up
@ you all: i realize that this doesn't make a lot of sense to you, but i do pay import taxes, and while i have upped my pledge to help with shipping i don't like to give the state money for something i don't even want (though i might take the idea with a vm teaching poster :d ). so yes, i'd pay $ 100 for a dvd, but it just seems a waste to be forced to buy something. see? anyway, i'm happy with this ks campaign, i just also see the point that people might want to make their independent choice of what _exactly_ they want to get.
mawwage!
@balabanto uh, hello, princess bride.
@kate twoo? weally? mrs. fudd! i didn't know you cawed! aht-aht-aht-aht! do you own a mansion and a yacht, too? :)
@cornelia i see what you're saying. but hey, you can always give it away and make a fellow fan very happy. better yet, use it to get someone new into vmars. use the poster as a teaching guide. "ok, so this is veronica, these are her bffs wallace and mac, this is her dad, keith, and this is logan, her twoo love. they had a rather rocky beginning when he smashed the headlights on her car..."
perhaps you could put the poster on ebay to some fan who hasn't heard of this whilst they could? your blu-ray would then have cost you less but the money would have still gone to a good cause? :)
i keep reading all this talk aboiut broken mugs when in reality if you package it correctly theres very close to zero chance of it arriving broken,  if it gets broke during shipping that just shows they didnt take the care the needed to and could have in order for the mug to arrive safely
so, you'd be happy paying $100 for a blu-ray only tier if the poster with blu-ray was $125?
haha, kate. :) @tiger: no i'm not saying i'm not willing to pay a hundred bucks for a blu-ray. i'm just saying i'd like to have the blu-ray without the poster.
also, let's not read too much into the burger king quote, that's from "love don't cost a thing," which was what, circa 1998?
now we need 218 backers per hour. in the last hour we had 116.
just saw a tweet from mellissa joan hart shes involved in her own kickstarter that just opened.  should i tweet to her asking for some cross promotional help?
also, please excuse some of that grammar. i'm still a little asleep. my roommate got offered a job last night and was up until 1 a.m. on the phone.
bottom line, you want the cool stuff, you just gotta pay more. take comfort in the fact that you know exactly where this money is going. rob thomas is not going to use your $175 or whatever you pledged to treat himself to a fancy on-set sushi lunch or whatever. this money is all going towards your movie and your swag. (and minimal salaries for rob and kristen and jason, who are now all a lot more recognizable and thus bankable and are not doing this for money) if you don't want the "lower" stuff, give it to someone who does. consider it "veronica mars charity" from one fan to another. i would love another t-shirt, for example, but i live in an expensive city and eat ramen every night. i'm tapped out. so if you want the bluray, pay for it here. don't become a slave the the corporate gods of wal mart and target. you're better than that. thanks everyone. :)
you would think harvey's would have it more "your way"
jack in the box can kick burger king's ass.
i've always been a big fan of the 'bow' scene :) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@kate the problem with burger king is it's a complete russian reversal in every way. after you have it your way at burger king, burger king has it's way with you!
my method for luring my friends on facebook has been to quote something snarky every day and then post a link to the ks page: today's quote was: weevil: if you're looking for my trophy, it's back by auto shop.  veronica: a lube job? or can you medal in stealing hubcaps?  weevil: is this 1970? rims, baby!  veronica : so you got a trophy for a rim job? i think it's working...
@kate,  no pickles please %^)
@cornelia but what you're effectively saying is that you want the blu-ray but don't want to pay $100 for it.  there are people who do want to pay $100 for it.  a cheaper blu-ray only tier would cater to the former and take less money from the latter.  most of us are looking at this from a balanced what you get/what you give perspective, but $100 is absolutely fair for the purpose it serves.
this is going to sound rude and i don't mean it that way, but to quote a terrible movie with a good line, "this ain't burger king. you can't always have it your way."
this is one of those projects where i either can't use or don't need the swag. :) i just wanted the afterparty. :)
80k 80k who want's to join me in a chant over the internet, 80k 80k  we can do it 80k.  this is my version of a "wave" and 1 person waving alone is just sad so who's with me, 80k 80k cmon 80k
@kate thats a good one...
@ tigernightmare: i don't think so, actually. if you offer a dvd and a t-shirt  or a poster and the script for $50, and then the same package with blu-ray for $75 and then maybe something with everything for 100$ you wouldn't de-value anything. you would just offer people to choose what they want. me, for example, i'd like a blu-ray but not a poster. to get the blu-ray is to double the price of the dvd-package so i won't do that  - i would pledge $75, though. see what i mean? i really can't imagine that people as enthusiastic as vm fans would give less - i'd rather think that the not so avid fans would pledge slightly more if they could have more choices to pick from.
nice @andrea and @tiger you growling! lol ^_^ but i agree.
top o tha mornin ta ya.
i like the idea of a vm mug. i didn't even notice the one in the kickstarter video until i watched the "director's cut" video.
morning, jon!
hilarious logan quote of the day, "didn't plug her right, eh?" cue epic hot boy fight scene.
good morning from detroit everyone
hope their post-kickstarter store sells neptune grand bathrobes, on which i am now fixated.
"the exclusivity of it means far fewer people will open up their wallets." i meant, if it wasn't exclusively at a higher-priced pledge, far fewer would open their wallets.
@cornelia well, think about it.  if you offer just the blu-ray at $50, then then $100 tier loses so much of its value.  the exclusivity of it means far fewer people will open up their wallets.  think of it this way: the blu-ray tier is $100 and the other things are bonuses.  they gotta make money and each tier needs to have value without removing value from other tiers or there's no point. @amy i'm kind of glad that they're not offering mugs through the kickstarter just in case some get broken in shipping.  but i ordered a troy and abed in the morning mug from the nbc store and it arrived just fine in a well-packed little box with soft paper stuffing.  your mileage may vary, but at least if they sell mugs from a web store after this is over, people will be able to get refunds without killing some of the film's budget.
yeah i have bought mugs online from zazzle and they always ended up completely fine.
pledged, and i'm from the philippines. i don't know if i'll even get the reward from the tier i pledged to, but knowing i donated to a veronica mars movie is enough of a reward for me.
i've ordered several mugs from places over the ocean and they've never been broken. if someone would break my vm mug i would be very mad indeed, though.
5.1 million! brilliant!
i wouldn't pledge for a mug. i'd love a mug but i'd be so terrified of it getting broken during the shipping process :(
i feel that both sides are correct. there are those who wish for more diversity in the categories - i don't see why it couldn't be done to just add some categories, it doesn't change the things they are offering, only the combination. it is also true that the vm teams seems to have worked very hard during the last month. :) but:  it seemed always strange to me that - even though they had been prepping for this ks for a whole year - they weren't prepared for international pledges. or mugs. they practically advertised them in the ks-movie - how couldn't they have thought of offering them?
@tiger thank you :)
3½ hours.
how far away is 1pm est? :')
yes. this is the start of the final push. we should be able to get to six million easily if the last 36 hours are any indication.
@andrea, sometimes you just need to let it all out... and it was very wisely written :) also, 5,1mil, yehay!
100,000 raised in the past 18 hours.
yey!!
hopefully that was my longest and rantiest post.  i feel better now. $5.2 here we come!
w00t w00t!!! $5.1mln
ding
oh and so close to 80k and 5.1 mil cmon people lets do this
i really hope with over 5 mil raised rob and co.  can shoot in southern california
correct me if im wrong but tax isnt added on top of the pledge its accounted for in it yes?  in that case majed your getting the dvd for what would likely be about $20--$25 in stores plus lets just say %10 tax for easy math so thats lets figure $22.50- or more plus ur getting a digital copy of the pdf script and movie and an exclusive t shirt only to be found here plus stickers now all for only an extra $27 if you'd can't see the bargain in all that then tigers right wait for the dvd to hit the stores and lose out on all that other cool stuff
even with typos, you're doing it right, andrea.
we need 216 backers per hour to beat the record, i think we are going to pass 80000 unless we get a major surge of backers in the next day and a half we will be the second largest backed kickstarter project!
216 backers per hour and we will have that last record :-) at the moment the counter is climbing up just a little too slow :-(
well said andrea.  5.1 here we come!!
crap no edit button.  stupid extra "at"
hi guys... how are you???? waiting for logan's reward!!!!
i think that rob and company have worked very hard within a lot of constraints they have no control over to offer the best incentives possible to thank their backers.  based on the (now obviously) modest original goal of $2 million, i think it is clear that they only expected support from the die-hard fans, and the clamouring of international backers seems to have been a surprise as well (but they accommodated us quickly, which i’m thankful for).  i for one, after watching the update videos and considering at the thought and effort that must have gone into the rewards both before and during the campaign, am touched and so grateful.  the team behind vm are such amazing, caring people - if they weren’t, they would have given up hope on this project long ago and we’d all be out of luck.  no rewards at all would be better than that! @miranda great idea! @tiger  love your profile pic.
rob i would guess that most of us really like the whole experience of being part of this project. it might be a nice idea to at the end combine all updates you are going to write anyway into a book (with a lot of pictures taken on set etc). this would be a win win for everybody. maybe fund the making of the book with a kickstarter again promising a hand written message  ;)
@tiger 100% behind you on that, they need to make money on top of the gifts or else this whole process is pointless if you are going to spend all of the money on the swag!
@jesca, the only thing is, isn't the inspirational message not already there through the voice mail from cast members who aren't kb -i mean i'm sure dohring is allowed to pretend to be logan in those too? and wouldn't 15 seconds be long enough for some kind of inspirational quote?
i'm excited for the logan fans reward....i think it will be about "inspirational messages"
rrawrrr.
lol! o_o damn.......you ok @tiger?
have been lurking on this forum all month, enjoying the banter and hugging myself with glee because the veronica mars movie is finally going to get made! so indescribably happy about this! anyone have a wishlist/shortlist of what they hope rob will put in the movie? my wishlist includes elvis costello singing 'veronica', and logan, veronica, or keith wearing a sloth t-shirt :) also, cliff, weevil and wallace must feature prominently. and love of course! <3
oh, so many marshmallows, so many promises!  this fanbase really is amazing! thanks to all the people involved with this movement behind the scenes--i know so many people are pouring their hearts into this project!  i was a latecomer to the veronica mars bandwagon, discovering the show while it was on netflix.  if it were possible to have the show distributed on that format again, i think we could bring even more fans in to the fold! i've long tweeted my heart out to @wbpictures to implore them that this story wasn't finished, that it was due a resurrection! on twitter i'm @duluthpierson and i help support @neptunerising!  follow us there for all things piratey/09er-y/mallowy/pcher-y! what an amazing year we'll all have!
i think 110 for all that stuff is a fantastic price. imagine buying all that stuff separately plus can you put a price on this experience. i've never been more excited and i've pledged what i can afford the items are just an added bonus. ill probably buy the dvd again to help boost sales!
@majed this is not a store. if you don't want what is being offered, don't pledge for it. if you don't want to pay $100 for a blu-ray plus $10 shipping, then don't.  wait for it to come out in regular stores and save your precious money if supporting the damn movie is not important to you.  the best and most numerous rewards are for the most generous pledges, not for cheapskates looking for a deal.  why is this concept lost on so many people?  for fuck's sake.
@majed, in theory it probably is easily done, i just don't think it's so easy in practice when you have to make sure everything is in line with wb legal stuff and all the other players that probably have to agree. rt has said that in retrospect he's quite glad that the campaign got postponed in a year because it meant that everything could be sorted out in advance... once the project was up and running they were only ever able to fiddle with the details, revamping the tier system -which suddenly changing the price of the bluray or having a digital download only tier would do that -it's a house of cards, every time you make a small move you have to make sure all the cards fit properly...
we've already done $45k today!!! amazing!
we are coming up on $5.1mln pretty quickly this morning! less than $5k to go!!!
@lilly well.. i would think they can do both a digital only and a bluray only tier since both those items are in other tiers with a bunch of other stuff. and yes, bluray players can play dvds, but in the end blurays look alot nicer on large tvs, so i'd no doubt want the bluray, making the dvd rather useless to me. also they don't cost that much more, in australia a dvd is generally $20-$30 with a bluray being about $5-$10 more. i'd pay 50 for a bluray with digital version, and i'm sure i'm not the only one. or $30 for a digital only tier. easilly done honestly.
and glad to see the original cast is involved! so many tv series/movies are ruined by changing the cast.
i liked the show enough to at least jump in at the $1 level, but i wish you would have offered a "just the dvd" level. $50 for the dvd and $100 for the blu-ray is just too much for me. i'm really glad to see how well the ks has done though. vm was a great show that really deserved to go on longer than it did.  i really hope this comes to theaters!
is it normal to have a surge on the last day?
any guesses as to what the total will be in the end? 5.5? more??
mr rob thomas, if in doubt of how much veronica mars is loved, if i can score tickets to the premiere, i will be flying my whole family there from australia. yes, i am that big of a fan. in fact my husband didn't see much of me for the first couple of years after vm was cancelled as i spent all my time campaigning on the neptune rising forum for it to come back. most amazing vm fans ever on that forum, they have been campaigning since the beginning and never gave up.
blu ray is expensive and i only purchase certain movies on it most of my collection is dvd which is ok bc bluray play dvds. i think a lot of people still purchase dvds because of that fact.
i don't own a bluray player, i just bought a brand new dvd player actually. bluray discs are a lot more expensive than dvds to purchase, well in australia anyway. i am very happy to be getting a dvd.
well said @mansah and whoa! 110 am i know the feeling i had a lot of days getting up at times like that. @majed i understand what you are saying but you can't expect too much for what they were given to work with and not expecting this massive support. they did the best they could with the time they got and the request that came in. they were pretty quick to get stuff done. and i agree with @amy about the dvd. blue-ray is just a preference and maybe its something they can't do who knows.
254% funded! that's just incredible & i'm so proud to have been a part of it
the dvd era really isn't over :') i doubt it's going away for a while! most bluray players play dvds also....dvd players can't play vhs's which is why the video died out so quickly after the creation of the dvd. i'm from a small town in northern england and i'm actually pretty sure this movie won't get played in my local cinema so i wanted a copy of the movie that i helped make. i originally went for the digital copy but then i thought what if something horrible happened and my laptop died on me?! so i upped my pledge for a dvd. i'm actually not too bothered about the tshirt but i will get it & wear it with pride (in bed as i normally wear tshirts as pjs) i guess what i'm trying to say is that i'm just over the moon to be a part of this movie. from years to come i can say "the veronica mars movie? yeah i made that happen" and when the time comes that dvds die out (again i'm predicting this will be a long time yet) i will go out and purchase a blu ray copy of the film that i helped make.
personally i think the bigger problem is still spreading the word -i can imagine many scenarios in which casual fans may simply not hear of this -because even if the word is being spread around, it still requires you to frequent entertainment news sites or look up vmars once in a while or something... even people who have liked the page on facebook may not actually be notified about new posts.... but we have a whole year during the making of the film to keep the momentum going and raise awareness :)
@lilly, i had a flight at 6.40 this morning so i had to set out from home at 1.10am and only managed to get very little, constantly interrupted sleep.. we can be out of it together :p
@lilly and @tonywarrior: and thats exactly the point, you are the fans these kcikstarter rewards target. you say the goal is to support it and earn lots of money, well... thats exactly what my post is about. by targetting more then the small subset of die hards they could have earned millions more. god knows how large the general fan base is, but it'd be a heck of alot larger then the die hards, that this kick starter has targetted.
i guess it would never be possible to find something that would suit everybody's wishes -and with only a month to raise the funds and do a million other things on this project (including press stuff and script-writing) it would be ludicruous to expect all the things to be accommodated before the kickstarter ended... they didn't expect there to be so many international backers, there were, they managed to include some countries, not all, sadly, but some... it's an uphill battle which i imagine includes a lot of bureaucracy and legal jargon to make any change take a long time -especially changes that would involve revamping the tier-system as it was set out from the beginning. of course it's sad if people don't feel inspired to pledge because they can't find a tier that matches their interest, i don't know if having the download only tier would have brought a sourge more of backers, perhaps, but one can only hope that they will still go to see the film -or buy it later or you know, enjoy it by any means they can and are willing to do when it comes out... also 79.000 backers!!!! yaaaay!
i want to thank all of you for contributing. rob and kristen and everyone involved with the movie have thanked us, but i would like to thank fellow fans for pitching in. let's finish big! :d
i am sooooo happy we have passed 5 million! it's just incredible!!! congratulations rob!!  for the record, a big percentage of our donations weren't about the rewards, we would have donated anyway. i know my donation is pretty decent and i honestly don't care about the attached rewards, although they are a fantastic bonus. i just want this awesome movie. it's good to share opinions but outright complaining is not constructive or appreciated. so does this mean we will have a full on brawl at the reunion? will it be shot in san diego?? i am so excited!!!
79000!!! good morning!
yay! 79,000
its too early for me........... been up since 5am still out of it. lol
almost at 79,000 eeek
@lilly i totally agree with you. don't forget the initial goal is to have a great movie. i see the reward as a plus.
sorry but some of you are why to dramatic, rob and co. have been working like crazy to make sure everyone get a little something from this kickstarter. as you have seen wb wasn't going to help unless they reach a 2 million goal and the help they are provided is only distribution and promotion. they didnt expect to have this massive of a response and when they receive complaints about international shipping rob was right on it just like he is about all the stuff we suggest sometimes he can pull it off sometimes he can't . this isn't a big production movie they can't do everything internationally they have to work with what they got. 30% of the money is going towards the rewards, kickstarter & amazon. people complain so much about the rewards what good will it do if we have money  for the movie. just be a little understanding.
i second majed. i would have pledged more than a dollar if i had been able to just get the digital download, i don't want to pay for shipping and i don't care for the t-shirts so $45 for a digital download just becomes insane. i guess i'll just have to buy the blu ray when it comes.
i pledged and getting the digital version.  doesn't matter what i get really.  we as a fan base achieved something.  and when it comes out in theaters i'll show up and stand in line if i have to.  when dvd/blue ray comes out, i'll be purchasing that too.
i completly agree with majed! i hope they think about it and add this lower reward levels as soon as possible! i´m sure there will be much more backers then!
ditto on the blu ray only or with download reward please. dvd is so 2003!
i've brought this up before, but i really think you've fumbled with the reward levels. you've designed this for a us audience from the outset, so you don't have any 'digital only' levels for one thing. as such a bunch of people have to pay an extra $10 to ship goods we don't want. further, what i would like is a bluray, shipping dvds is akin to shipping vhs during the dvd era. it'll go straight into the trash and i'll just go out and buy the bluray. as such i have no reason to purchase any of the dvd tiers, as the bluray only makes an appearance at the $100 level, again with a bunch of stuff i don't want. i get that alot of people here seem to think we're 'donating to make this a reality' but in the end, kickstarter isn't based on 'donations'. it's similar to investing, except rather then a cut we get 'rewards'. if kickstarter was simply about donations, there wouldn't be reward levels. so you have all the die hard fans here donating large ammounts for t-shirts and to support the cause and get signed posters and such. but guess what, the vast majority of a shows audience is not made up of die-hard fans, and none of the reward levels appeal to the general audience who watch veronica mars. so yes, you have the die hards who are probably reading this and thinking 'but we're donating to make this a reality not for the rewards!' but if you managed to get 80,000 backers from mostly the small subset of die hard veronica fans, imagine what you could have achieved if you threw in just a digital copy, or just a bluray at a reasonable level and tapped into the much much larger general audience. as it is me and no doubt thousands of others are looking at these rewards, and rather then pledging 50 bucks (and believe me, i want to give you money) we're wondering if we really wanna even pledge $10, as i don't care for spoilers, and anything higher and we may as well just wait for the bluray. that dvd would be going straight into the bin anyway : /
they are the cutest! loving the gufs!
percy diggs retweeted this gif on twitter. i love them and their friendship :) http://vmgifs.tumblr.com/post/33054483379/favorite-friendships-wallace-and-veronica
i love the scene in the s1 episode 1 when wallace just sat at veronica's table after she cut him down from the pole. he just appeared out of nowhere and she was like wtf?! did i say you can sit here and the look in his face lololol
i'm almost half way through season 3. i'm going to probably skip to the finale after love officially breaks up. then skip around the other episodes.
@mansah yes, i agree.
i have to rematch vm from the beginning.  over the yrs i've let friends and family borrow my dvds and i forget who last borrowed them but i never got them back.  i loved the wallace/veronica/mac friendship.  i loved logan. and can't wait to see whats happened with weevil
@lilly, i think there will be snippets and references, they just won't drive the story (and so not annoy or frustrate new viewers), i think you can give a sense of the backstory without bringing in the whole 'mythology'
wow!  in the past 40 minutes there's been at least $7,000 in pledges.  unbelievable!!
@amy, exactly!
another note: i was thinking i know rob won't go into the past that much but he will have to dive into it a little fir the reunion, you think? i think lol. i just don't think it will be anything deep.
so true amy.
veronica & wallace has always been my favourite friendship on tv because they never hinted that it would be anymore. i don't know any veronica/wallace shippers because their friendship is just too strong to be anything else :) i feel similarly about weevil & veronica too. they were never going to be romantically attached so it made their friendship more special. it's rare that on these shows boys & girls can be just friends :)
(and why does automatic spelling correction insert errors so often? "oh, we'll," indeed!) oh, well.
@et thank you :)
so glad this finally happened!  i was a die hard fan and got my sisters and friends to watch. can't wait to watch veronica and co. one more time.
aieeeee! counter-programming against the eisner awards ceremonies?! i understand you have to schedule whenever you can grab a venue, but dang. it is the event that pays tribute to the finest in the art form that has brought so many of us together for decades. sigh. oh, we'll, you've been so generous to your supporters, i know you'll have other treats for con attendees ... whimper. maggie thompson http://www.comic-con.org/toucan/maggies-world-004
and maybe provide some live updates here for us that can't be there. please
oh, i hope that all of you who are going to the count down in austin tomorrow have a great time getting drunk on a trip to the dentist :)
new update!
lol i don't know about that trip to the dentist rob ^_^ lol
@lilly thanks, that's what my ipod said but when i did manual online conversion i was assuming it was in la, so that's how i got to 6am. maybe i'd better get to bed now then!
yes!  @mansah i completely agree. i hope we get some great moments in the film rather its emotional are just funny. :)
@lilly, i know, me too... the friendship between wallace and veronica is one of the best things of the series from beginning to end -add in mac and it just doesn't get any better!
@truedeano i'm getting 3am friday?
the one thing i really want in this film though is to see the friendship between wallace, veronica &mac. i just love that trio.
another great update!!! i might be upping my pledge! who knows!!! and all my the logan house members i'm getting extremely excited about the logan/jason update!!!!!!! i live that they will be recording everything to see the whole cast or as many as he can get now together again is going to make me emotional!!!
@amy as i understand it 'soft prep' is where they start discussing ideas like possible locations and actors, design ideas, script read throughs, that sort of thing. nothing is set in stone. 'hard prep' is where they start locking things into place. money starts getting spent on the things.
a little help please! can anybody advise on the 1:00pm est for the next announcement? i'm trying to work out what that converts to sydney time (i think 6:00am friday), but when i punch it in i'm warned most states are on daylight saving.
we need 198 backer per hour to get 87143
any film buffs know what 'soft prep' and 'hard prep' are? :') i just watched robs $5mill reaction video
cool watched this show back when i was in school. okay i watched at first for just kristen bell, but the writing was really good and dark. told all my friends this show isn't as 'pg' as you would think. congrats on making the goal and can't wait to watch!
also.....stickers!! yes!
are there any vm forums people are a part of? i worry that when this ends in 42 hours we'll all just disappear from each others lives. :( or will the kick starter page still exist for us to chat? and share our thoughts on updates?
please please please!!! how about israel???? pleaseeeeee
@sana ~ clever! love your 'back-up' reference idea for the sticker. maybe it could also work on the back of the vm car logo shirt w/kstarter date just below the collar? it would be fun to have an understated nod to this fundraising adventure on that shirt option as well.
haha, judith, you cracked me up with your sticker on a mug comment!   also, heidi, so true: decisions, decisions, indeed.
i now have a new goal of the day: trying to figure out where my stickers should go. decisions, decisions...
pledged $210 :d
@zoe all fans across the globe except for the ones in us feel the same way, it's not just you. but they can't possibly have events all over the world to satisfy all of us. it is an american show after all. let us just be thankful about international shipping on the rewards, and the fact that the movie is happening at all in the first place. :)
this comi-con news is great and the news about showing footage is exciting but for us in the uk its a devastating fact that we are left out of all of the events taking place. some of us are huge fans of kristen bell and the gang and feel a bit left out just because we don't live in the us.
there's a $200 slot open.
i'm going to put my sticker on a mug!
only gained 60 new backers in the past hour. seems to be slowing down but hopefully picks up when the new rewards are added
congrats on blowing past 5 million - here's hoping for a lot more !
@lacer + 1 here for the philippines.. :d
@jo i feel the same way. i'm from the philippines and my boyfriend and i love vmars so much. once the news broke about the kickstarter project, we immediately went for the autographed poster pledge, even if they don't ship to our side of the world--i'm sure we'll figure out a way to get those in our mailbox, by hook or by crook!
yessss stickers!!! that's fantastic news!! :) but do we have to pay additional shipping costs for these? (for the non us citizens) god, i'm so thrilled for this movie!! gonna be fantastic! lots of love
never in my life have i been swept up in something that has me so excited about something that is not actually happening to me. i really want this scheme to happen well to reflect my long standing appreciation and enjoyment of the team that created the veronica mars world. i actually feel grateful to have been given the opportunity to contribute to helping that team play together again. thanks for reciprocating all the love i have for you by making this movie. may you be showered in accolades and have your talents praised to the heavens.
is the list of actors on the imdb vmars movie page accurate?
what??? it just dropped from 5086000 to 5072128...
as much as i'd love to stay up till 80k it seems to have stalled out for the night so i think i'll settle for 78,600+  night fellow marshmellows maybe with some luck ill wake up in 6 hours to 80k thats only  1400 in 6 hours, thats doable isn't it?
@balabanto, that's dad-clever for sure, but if veronica's a successful attorney, wouldn't she have the car issue handled?
i really want to take up that free slot to the la premire :(
can you imagine what the cast signatures will look like on the poster by the 6,000th one that's signed?
just got a reply to my question about the la afterparty, and unfortunately there won't be more efterparty tickets released, or an "official" alternative afterparty. does anyone else with premiere tickets but no afterparty tickets want to organize an unofficial party? it would be awesome to get together and talk through the movie afterward!
i've never seen the veronica mars series before but it looks like a great show so i backed this movie and i plan to watch the tv series of veronica mars now. i hope you make it to 5.5 million by the the end of your kickstarter rob thomas
@bret a ford mustang. i think it's a fine one.
when i first saw this on my facebook feed, i was pretty excited.  i had watched the show when it originally aired and had the run on dvd.  the weekend after the announcement, i rewatched the first season for the first time in, what, 7 years?  8?  i had forgotten just how much i loved the show.  man.  i have more i want to say, but all my words left.  i'm eagerly awaiting the film.  if keith could somehow get veronica a pony, that would be nearly good enough for me.
@kate true, whatever the reward is it'll be over $500 at least
finally upped my pledge. looks like my birthday money is going toward 2 v mars t-shirts. thank you grandparents
all right! we're into the last 48 hours! 6 million is doable. go! go! go!
@sarah yay! vm marathon :)
i would love to go to comiccon. it would be helpful for my game design stuff.
@karina well anything kristen/cast is involved with (voicemails, etc) is in the $400 range. i'm a starving (literally) college student. so if it's like a logan inspirational message by jd himself, it's gonna go for a lot of money.
i'm sooo excited for this to happen! i've been waiting for years for the vm movie and my dreams are finally coming true. can't wait to see all of the cast back together again. glad i could contribute!
i missed out on a ticket to comic con. hoping i can snag one up in the resale next month *fingerscrossed*
i am going to comic-con.  i hope to get into any panels they have.
i also left a tweet regarding this, but for the upper right sticker, what do you think about instead going with: "i was backup for veronica mars on kickstarter" like that scene in the pilot episode? no worries either way though. just thinking out loud. maybe that's too subtle, but that was a funny scene - her dad telling her to bring 'backup' and all, you know? well there were lots of funny scenes. finally got re-caught up on all the episodes. sooo many questions left unanswered. so many character's stories up in the air. just excited for a proper chance at closure, as is everyone else, i'm sure. and you're doing comic-con! never been. always wanted to go. would love my first time there to be when you guys are there. hope i can make it. and - super excited that there's an option to get both shirts. was kinda torn because i liked having her pic in the one and the acknowledgment of the historic event with the 'she's back' and date: 03/13/13, with the other, you know? it's weird that it's almost a month ago when i noticed veronica mars trending and thinking to myself, that show ended years ago? and then praying the news about the movie wasn't some false rumor. and now you're over 5million on kickstarter. simply amazing. loving all the updates and fun vids and stuff. i'm a little behind, but will catch up soon. please keep them coming - i love the passion and enthusiasm :d all the best to you rob, kristen and the team!!! - sana
189 backers an hour is all that's needed to break the record.
so now that we hit $5m, when does kristen make good on this vow? https://twitter.com/imkristenbell/status/311935184046002176
only 8,729 backers to go until we reach 87,143 :d
you know guys, this fandom is really smart and enthusiastic. i am glad, i been part of this. this is one of the best fan experience in my life.
@suzanna i'm glad that tickets are non-transferable.  i wish it was like that for every concert and sporting event.  i detest scalpers and their predatory profiteering that just makes the fan experience all that much worse.
for those who might be interested.. the pledges just went up 10k in an hour... that's 10 percent of yesterday's entire total....
@andrea - i'm having my own vm marathon as well! i finished season 1 and am up to disc 2 of season 2.
i am having my own personal vm marathon. i think it's funny how at the beginning of the show paris hilton is logan's gf and then in the 2nd season veronica has a nightmare about the bus crash and keith asks her if she watched house of wax because the hilton girl gives her nightmares. lol.
yeah, san diego comic-con is actually "comic-con international" which is just naturally bigger than others. it's one of few very large cons and considered the main comic convention of the year. sadly it's not just already sold out but tickets each year are hard to come by anyways, what with the rule changes (now impossible to get tickets second hand), more mainstream shows/movies at the con, and people pre-registering for next year while at the convention. not to mention the site usually gets errors around registration time. happy for those who are going, but it's a bit of a bummer for everyone else. oh well, there will hopefully be online videos and reports from the show. maybe they could even have an official camera recording for those who can't make it.
@kate why is that?
i'm just really glad he told us when the announcements will be tomorrow...that way i won't be obsessively checking my e-mail...
excited about the comic-con news.  sd native, so i'm there every year, and this year is no different. it would be cool if backers could get into the wb signing and/or panel guaranteed (wink)! like if we just flash our amazon receipt. tickets are already sold out, so i wonder how many of us 78,351 are attending the actual con. cool news about the private event independent of the con.  that should boost pledges, especially since it gives those w/o cc tickets to have some sort of experience.
@fay manage your pledge and add $25 to the total, but leave your reward level the same (should that extra $25 make you eligible for a new reward level).  they will see that you have the additional $25 for the shirt
well, i think it's safe to say i won't be able to afford a logan update. oh well. :(
@ kristen-i heard/read that just like it's said on the show.  perfect!
can't wait for the movie!!!!!!!!
so far this is in 3rd place for all time most amount of money raised on kickstarter! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter#top_projects_by_funds_raised
bahaha jenniffer me too!
this is soooo exciting!!! i'd like to get the 2nd t-shirt....a ? though...do i log in & pay my add'tl $25 or do i go thru the donation process again & let the computer catch it & add it in? i'm just sitting here watching the ticker movin' on.....wow is all i can say at this point!!
@kristen - so funny!!! even if it would take about an hour of screen time to explain the intricacies of the show to new viewers ;) i'd still be happy just to see it play out on the big screen!
just posted on my nyccabgirl twitter. doing what i can. night marshmallows. good day!
@jenniffer. me too!
i'm stupidly excited about the stickers. like, to a ridiculous degree.
@susan- i probably should've just nabbed it, but i wasn't sure if i should hold on to something like that for a day until i got a response back from them only to potentially drop it with like only 24 hours or less to go. i guess it probably would've been nabbed up again in time anyway though....
@susan - i saw that. i wonder if it is really locked into the la premiere or not (i don't think they had the other two premiere available when they created that category and since it had been all taken when they added the other two maybe they didn't bother to update it to open ended location??)? anyway, while i was wondering and before i had time to ask, someone else nabbed it, so it wasn't me.
@tanya thanks
@kathryn - 87,143 backers
@kathryn - it is over 87k
what is the backer goal that will it it the most backed project?
thanks for the update!  now i can go to bed and dream of ways to afford the comic con event tickets.  i'm sure these wont be cheap.
last night i stayed awake till 3am just to see it hit 76k, when shall i go to bed tonight? 80k? think i (we) can do it?
@kristen to me, that honestly sounds like the perfect way to start the movie. we should all tweet that to rt and kb. =)
@kristen  that's the funniest and best comment i've read so far.
update update reeee errrrrrrrr reeeee errrrrrr
pamela who says the comments wont keep on coming you can refresh to your hearts content all the way to next year unless the website for the movie opens up a forum or even better a chat page ,
i hope the first line of the movie is "previously on veronica mars..."
anyone notice that an extra spot ($3000 level) briefly opened up and was claimed again? anyone want to confess to getting it?? so jealous! xd
ok so my estimates aren't good but that doesn't mean things wont change during the last day but as of now my best guess puts us at 84k backers by the end of the campaign which is just short of our ultimate goal. again that's just if things stay the same for the next 2 days but there's a better then decent chance with rob's final surprises that the last day is gonna be almost as epic as the first.  boy i really wish i had been here those first few hours to see just how fast that counter rose up.  did anyone record it sorta like the first day of mtv was recorded and posted to youtube in 1 hour blocks.
in the comments to last update rob responded there will still be a logan update later as well.
i wish rob would go ahead and update. it's almost 11 on the east coast, and that's bedtime for me, so that i am actually useful at work tomorrow! @kate, i agree, i was hoping for a logan update!
@tiger i'm still awake.... for the moment. i guess it is only 7:30 pst...... i can try to stay awake a little longer.....
@kate don't know if you'll read this, but i think rob said he was planning another update later on.
just 9,000 backers to get the record.  that's about 187 an hour, which seems doable at the rate we're going!  going to make all of my family and my friends donate a buck!
well, i am very excited and happy about all the happenings today, a little sad there was no logan update, but tomorrow is another day. good night marshmallows. :)
i didn't realize we are over 100,000 for today.
what a fantastic way to treat the fans!  i'm very glad to be a part of this.
stickers
james, you know kicktraq posts daily totals right?
like i said, it's not about success or popularity.  it's the comic con.  it would be cool if rob thomas and co. would go to new york and other cities, but it's kind of a lot to ask for multiple conventions.
2 more days and counting, my nightly estimates to follow shortly
oh and hey we broke 78k
nor i midnight i only asked which once since i live in ny so wanted to know if i was getting lucky or was it my west coast marshmellows
the last new york comic con had over 110k people in attendance.  san diego had around 120k.  seems pretty comparable to me.  both huge events, lots of love.  i don't see the need for competition
does anyone live in ny city where they shoot good morning america???  i think that is the one that films with the fans standing behind the window holding up signs sometimes??  what about making a veronica mars kickstarter sign and holding it in that window????
@pamela, so true!  my homework has been suffering for it though! lol.
so so happy to see 5 million+ and the last update was amazing...but. what the hell am i going to do in 48 hours time, when i don't have this page to obsessively refresh every 5 minutes?
@james the real one is the real one.  the success or popularity of the new york and other official comic cons don't make it the original.  the biggest names usually only go to the san diego one.
my children and my husband are now backers to help inch those numbers up.  of course, they didn't donate at the same level i did!
@ tiger that's a bit insulting as i have been to the ny comic con in the past and i would hardly call that crowd not the real thing. just east coast west coast is all no one is more real then the other ok?
okay. i'll stop at judge reinhold and fisher stevens then ('number five is alive!) you know rob is going to do it, because he does it every season...
a day ago i was not optimistic about reaching 87143. in the last hour (9-10 est), 201 backers were picked up (77827 to 78028). at that rate, with 49 hours to go, the target would be reached. i am more optimistic now.
$105,518 raised today! woot woot! and we hit $5 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! awesome!
@madeline they're only mentioned specifically for the $175 and $275 tiers, so i doubt it.  you should probably ask before you change if you really want to get them through this.
question, if we donate more than $175 do we get the 3 seasons on dvd too. it doesn't mention that so i'm curious
@pamela great suggestions, except for corbin bernsen who as all psych fans know plays seans dad, henry brilliantly on psych on usa. no need for a career boost there!
@james just the real one, san diego.
since they are going to comic con is there somewhere we/they can post this project for all comic con fans to see?  i put it on the facebook site i found, but maybe there is a better way to get this out there before it is too late?
i just watched me some psych earlier.
dumb question time, do we know which comic con rob is going to? and will kb be there too?
corbin bernsen is on psych :)
wow...78,000! congrats everyone!!
corbin bernsen isn't washed up! he plays a great role on psych, which i am about to watch, by the way. i'd love to see him in the movie, though.
@kelly yeeeeeees.
do all backers above the $10 get the stickers????
yay for 78,000!!! keep going!!!
78k!
78000!!
@robyn, duly noted. :) @lyz, sorry i overlooked your comment, but you're welcome! :d
i think the real question on everybody's mind is which washed up 80's star's career is rob thomas going to resurrect next? he's already done harry hamlin, richard greico, steve gutenberg and ed begley (though i would argue ed is timeless). best possibilities: corbin bernsen, judge reinhold, john laroquette and fisher stevens. personally, i'm throwing my money at judge reinhold for this one, if i had to make a guess....
@natalie: the girl who played her wasn't either... don't feel bad. :d
@james. she didn't really. she only knew enough to somewhat understand it, hence the whole "my mother, the fiend" thing, but as robyn said that episode could be a set up for such a scene, especially as veronica is returning to high school. the past gets dredged up again!
stickers, seriously? i know i tweeted and messaged them about it but after their "we love stickers" answer, i thought they were just being nice and there wasn't really any way they could do it! this made me tear up so badly! and i love the designs! a mars investigation sticker? that's amazing! i'm never using them!!!
@robyn, sorry for the late reply, i was doing stuff at the moment. but neat video! ironically, the character just happens to have my name and her personality isn't so great...tsk! :p
only need to average about 188 backers/hr to break the record!
i wish i would've gotten a signed movie poster... and had the money for it!! ugh!  it would look great in a movie room someday! <3
hey guys, i just separated the stickers into 4 so you can use them for facebook, twitter etc. just click here to download a .rar file containing them: http://www.filedropper.com/marsstickers i'm @gavinuk86 on twitter btw.
man...i just finished the last episode of the third season...did it really just end with her walking down the street after voting for sheriff??? i swear there was more that happened, that makes me sad :( i am so excited for the movie though.
the link i posted is for the stats! ;)
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/
does anyone know how to find the page that has all the stats about this product?
me too stephanie!
i don't know why but the i saved veronica mars sticker made me tear up. love you, marshmellows!
the funny or maybe i should say odd part about all this is that its all this (well deserved) crazyness for a movie that's only going to have a limited release anyway.   something about that just strikes me as funny not sure why.
how many backers p/hr are we averaging now?
@natalie ...and i'm in west tx. i get to sign with a lot of my patients, which is super cool, but i miss having "meet and signs" or watching an asl movie, or (possibly my favorite experience) seeing an asl interpreted musical (took my dad to the addams family) or being in disney with the interpreters (spent a week with them). we had a manual school for the deaf right in my hometown when i lived up north. it's very different down here. i've noticed those who are deaf are generally just that. they have implants or are taught to read lips... which makes me laugh because again, i teach kids to speak and cannot always hear others when they are speaking. right now, my hearing loss is at 35db so i'm not eligible for aids just yet, but i tried them once and wow! all i can say is i never knew how much i was actually missing. also, apparently people get really upset about how loud my television is... but i went through 4 years of college with permanent captions on my screen (which made my assignments to watch tv with captions so much funnier) but now when i get home from work, i don't want to read my tv shows! i actually made a film in asl several years ago that's on youtube. here's the link http://www.youtube.com/watch…
tabetha diy vm magnets, i like it i like it. maybe even take that mars investigations sticker and cut it up to have multiple small stickers haha im nuts i know
@natalie thanks for asking for a transcript, i don't understand half what americans say, they speak too fast for me!
if i knew how to make apps, i would be on it.
@martin, good thinking!!
@tiger 78056... that's my guess :-p
i think there should be a iphone android veronica mars app just throwing this idea out there
we're hitting 78,000 backers tonight.  count on it.
@robyn, cool! you should visit austin's tsd sometime and maybe you'll find what you want in tx! unfortunately, i'm from houston--so i can't say that i know everything about tsd other than the primarily deaf community located there. @adrianne, it's understandable. :) maybe you'll gain a lot more insight if you ask your aunt some questions about how she went through and what her experience was like, etc. you know? all the better to learn about the deaf culture!
that was a good recap @tiger  :)
sooo excited!! just joined twitter to follow #marsmadness @ahay04. love!
yay for stickers!!! wooo!!!!!!
i just posted to facebook again  will see if my friends actually rally.
lol!!!! @jlw
@tiger thanks for that. i had my volume up as high as i could put it, but missed a lot of what he said.
look at that, even using caps yo! :d
i am so excited, so happy, so so so looking forward to everything about this film. rob thomas, you are doing an amazing job, not only at keeping us updated, sharing extra info, adding more goodies, but also at raising the bar of possible exciting a human body can contain. i'm serious. i'm so excited that i'm excited even about all the production details and behind the scenes info i'm sure you will be sharing with us.  let me tell you, by the time this thing hits the screens, it will have been more anticipated than even twilight. yes sir! ahem.. anyway.. thank you rob & co. :)
@tiger, great job!
rob just tweeted that kristen e-mailed about being tazed. he responded i am afraid she is serious about this.
@tiger well done!
@natalie wow! congrats! i'm a hard-of-hearing speech and language therapist (try and figure that one out! lol) but i love the deaf community. i'm definitely missing it down here in tx, as i just recently moved here and haven't yet found a large deaf presence... any advice would be much appreciated :d
@natalie. my aunt is deaf so while i don't personally understand your struggles, i know how isolated she feels sometimes in a group of non signing hearing people.
hey rob, how about a sticker with veronica riding a unicorn?  i'd give an extra $10 bucks for that.  please try your best to put a unicorn reference in the movie.  perhaps a visit to unicornicopia?
@phil, haha you're too much! @tiger, thank you sooo much! for some reason i get so excited when i get to read anything that is new and go squee in my head haha
i just thought of a really good idea i thought i would share.  i am going to pledge from another account to get extra stickers and buy the magnet material at michaels or something, cut the magnet material to fit and stick the stickers on it... i will have veronica mars magnets!  how awesome!!!
@ jen i might be remembering wrong but didn't veronica know asl on the show? if not she could have learned it in the intervening years.
@robyn, actually yes! well, to be exact- i do identify as a rit student after i got accepted to a bachelor's degree program. :) i was a former ntid student, you are correct.
@natalie here you go: rob thomas: five.  million dollars.  we have made it to five million.  this was always, like, in my heart of hearts, that was the number that i wanted.  i wanted, like, that was success to me.  umm, it was the number that dare not speak its name and we've made it there.  and we've still got 48 hours to go and still big goals to get to there.  and we'd love to try to get the most backers ever.  i mean, part of the reason is because we really want to create a community for the film.  we are going to do an outstanding job of keeping our backers filled in over the course of the movie during production, post-production right up until we release the movie.  you're gonna know the ins and outs of it.  more than anybody else gets to on a movie.  so, count on that if you donate even a dollar.  um, i want to encourage people to stay plugged into our social media channels, our youtube, facebook, uh also the uh, we got an instagram channel going, lots of great stuff.  kristen and i are tweeting a lot.  uh, and uh we also have the @veronicamars twitter feed, so please sign up there.  and then uh, finally, oh yeah, one thing to mention, remember, we are giving away tickets to our premiere, there's a sweepstakes available.  go to our facebook page, that's the veronica mars movie is our facebook page.  i know there's some confusion about that, there are two facebook pages.  one is one that warner bros. controls for the tv series and i know a lot of people are on there.  the one we created for the movie is the veronica mars movie.  so feel free to meet us there.  thank you guys so much.  couldn't appreciate it more.  48 hours.  i am also putting the fina-finishing touches on the script.  i'm very close on that as well and then we move immediately into soft prep uh and then into uh hard prep in a couple weeks, so stay tuned.  thanks! (mouse click sound)
@natalie  i'm sure it's a struggle at times. just like my problems with being so handsome... but.. you know.... worse...
@natalie do you go to ntid? i saw you were at school in ny.
oh and i don't remember who mentioned/asked for it earlier when i said it wasn't likely to happen but i can be happy to be wrong they actually are going to thank each and every one of us, granted on a website and not on the film but still thats very cool and gonna be alot of typing.  hey guys what do you say we break 90k backers just for spite so they have to type out all those extra names.... lol kidding about the just for spite part but the rest of the idea is very cool.
@phil, that's what people say! but trust me, it's much harder than it looks. think of it this way: you have to talk to your coworkers whose majority are hearing, sometimes you'll be taken advantage and or give you hard time for not 'doing your part' job, you know? or if a baby is crying, you won't know what the baby wants, or needs unless if you've got a machine to help you with that. i could keep on going, but you get the idea. :(
american sign language
what's asl?
@natalie believe me.. it's usually better to be able to ignore the garbage people say. in ways, i envy you.
i love the idea of stickers i personally would have chosen buttons/pins but i guess a lil diy is in order there.  personally i would have liked the see a variation on the lens cover they did for the t shirt.  i can so see that on a sticker or button. oh and congrats on the 77,800 people
@phil, thanks. :) i kinda figured it would be the same as the written announcement, but you never know if he has added anything new in the video, lol.
an asl scene in the movie would be amazing!
just figured out that you can make other kickstarter accounts and use the same amazon account. if we all do that and pledge $1 we can surpass our goal.
@robyn, that would be awesome!! as much as i want to go to the celebration in austin and perhaps exchange some words with rob (no pun intended, either), about that as well, but one can't have everything haha you're the best! :)
@natalie i can sum it up pretty well... "in my heart of hearts five million was the total i was looking for" lots of thank yous and told us pretty much what's written below the video... he is sending out stickers for all people that pledged 10 dollars and up and that he wants to hit 87143 backers to break the record..
we hit the 5 million mark...this means rob gets tased, right?
@natalie i've been communicating with rt about the possibility of an asl scene in the movie, as they have a setup for it with my mother the fiend. perhaps if enough of us show an interest, it'll help convince him. i'm going to the thing in austin on friday night and hoping my passion will persuade him, but every voice (no pun intended) helps!
the mars investigations really needs to be one of the t-shirt options i would gladly kick in more funding for that.
i am soo happy about the stickers!! also really hoping we beat our backers goal.
34,000 after we hit the 5  million mark. i remember the days when 34,000 was the daily total.
@lilly, i second that! one big family pulling for the same cause!! <3
since jon isn't on the site atm, so i was wondering if anyone would be willing to volunteer their time to be *ahem* the captioner for rob thomas's new video please? thanks soooo much! :) sometimes it sucks to be deaf, but ah, i accepted with it ages ago anyway.
i'm also stoked that we get stickers... 5 million... stickers... comicon stuff... victory on all levels... getting close to 9000 needed for backer record... i'm stoked...
ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i come home from a crappy day at work and $5 million has just been shattered!!!!!!!!!!!! woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
awwwww i love the new update. thanks rob and co. this is like one big family we all care about this project so much. rob, kristen and the crew are amazing. can't wait for what's to come.
@tigernightmare well he could be paying lip service... but that sure sounded like five million was what he was going for and not 6.5 million
i am way to obsessed with refreshing this page.
woooo hooooo! seeing this movie made ismamdream come true! see you friday!
hi, is it only me, or the wb website used to have the 3 seasons of vm and now it only has the first?... all this talk about logan at the door really made me want to re-watch that. :(
i misunderstood! but from just the pdf to stickers sounds goods too
keep calm & send backup
i chose the $10 option, since none of the other stuff is available for shipping to my country. i guess i won't be able to get the stickers either.
maybe a lot more people will back, a sticker for a dollar seems like a good deal to me
yay! stickers and being mentioned by name!
maybe i need to get all of my friends who donated $1 to up their pledge to $10 so i can have the extra copies of the stickers!!! :)
so excited about the stickers!!! i love the saved veronica mars on kickstarter one and the mars investigations one, of course! <3
stickers!!! that neptune pirates sticker is awesome. only fans will instantly recognize what it means :))
amazing!  im so excited for stickers. my coworkers will be jealous!
@valeria she wasn't shown leaving messages but it's just an assumption. if she hadn't, it would have made more sense that he went over to duncan's house, or even dick's. you know, someone who hadn't accused him of murder... or maybe he just saw the calls and then heard the radio and guessed that she no longer thought he killed lilly? either way, i think she really did want logan there at the time. she only got back with duncan a few months later, and i don't think she was expecting to do so.
thanks for the feedback marshmellows i really hope it works out i so wanna keep being a part of this i look forward to the next 2 days
oh my they are going to thank us by name!! an those stickers look pretty cool!!
@tiger - hi!! i'm still getting home, haha. the last days have been crazy.
omg stickers
new update yeah
@ merah but i don't remember her living messages (just a phone call and he didn't answer) maybe he came because he hadn't any other place to go. i'm confused.
wish i could have donated more, but coachella is right as the kickstarter ends. if there is any other way i can contribute i have just moved to the la area and am readily available.
ok....just got one more person to back the project and 2 more who had never heard of the show say they will get the first season after chatting to them on facebook. may be too late for them to become involved in this project, but hopefully fans by the time the movie comes out!! go forth and chat to fb friends. it works!
yes! we did it, 5 mil! this is gonna be a kick ass movie :d
@jose yeah- you totally forgot to put the genius thing in your profile... shame on you! lol but it says you're a graphic designer- that's cool! i could use a good one here every now an then! @merah exactly! :)
re: logan/duncan at the door. i'm assuming she left logan a message or two, because it doesn't make much sense that he'd go to her house for any other reason (he heard about his dad being the murderer on the way there, unless he just decided to listen to the radio for a bit before driving) and that she was just shocked about how injured he was. i don't think she expected duncan to be there at all, though i agree that she loved duncan. i just reckon their rekindling in season 2 had more to do with nostalgia and wanting something constant and dependable and just /normal/ like they did before lilly's death, which is also why veronica trusted him so readily even when he gave her a ton of reasons not to. so, yeah... i think she /did/ expect it to be logan.
@jose i didn't look at your profile yet- but that would explain it :)
i really want to clear at least 78,000 backers by the end of this evening!  we can do it!!!
@annika .... i'm kind of a genius. it's what they call me in la.  is it not in my profile?? lol 9547 more backers to go...
my twitter is bettie_p
good seeing you again, marilia.
countdown... nerve-wracking and exciting... :)
i've been away for a while but wanted to come back for the $5 mil. how awesome is that.
from italy gang, with love!
@jose what gave you that idea? lol
@tanya.  thanks for sharing love that clock has gone from days to hours.
ok, a little labour intesive, but seems to get people more engaged: for those of you on facebook, use the chatbox to speak to any friends you have that are currently online. i just ask the general 'hi (insert name here) are you into veronnica mars at all?' i have had a few friends who at least engage in the converstaion about it and some that are going to donate, or had forgotten and were happy to be reminded.
more than 2x the goal, let's really hope they'll do this worth.
remember to turn your volume back down when you're finished watching.
my tiger sense was tingling.
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
rob uploaded a video to the youtube channel on hitting 5 million dollar reach!
@backupismydog never underestimate the power of saying "are you serious?!?!?!" we need it to continue the fight.
@phil. i expect we'll hear from rt later today. he must be as psyched as us
@annika you're so team logan... lol
@backupismydog i am too!! expected an rt video too... weird.
hi, tiger!
welcome beatriz
james - on your amazon account you can have a card with one name and delivery details which are different. i'm in australia and have done this for work. so, what you're asking should be fine. set it up in amazon first, then manage your pledge. i think this wii work.
i'm surprised i haven't seen more news coverage on us hitting the 5m mark
hey, beatriz.
hi! i've been a backer for a while now, but this is my first comment, this is so exciting!
@lynne thank you!! very much appreciated!
hi fariha and  welcome
welcome, fariha.
just backed woooooohoooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! been waiting for this moment forever logan and veronica 4evahh!
from time to time i will add links from news sources so no one here misses the current press http://www.cinemablend.com/new/veronica-mars-movie-set-comic-con-36866.html a long read http://www.salon.com/2013/03/13/the_captialist_veronica_mars_movie/
@ tiger exactly what i was thinking
i'm with tiger, i think she wanted it to be logan and just was suprised how bad he looked and wondering what happened to him, she tried to call him so i don't think she was mad...
@valeria i don't know, duncan looks like he has a larger frame and head.  veronica's also not the type to jump to conclusions.
money's still flying in.  $4,000 in the past hour.  at that rate, we're hitting 98k by midnight edt.  but i wouldn't be surprised if we made 100k.
@ tigernightmare it was dark, same height, she saw only his back... and don't you remember that argyle t-shirt situation... i think that's possible.
yeah, i just don't see veronica saying, "i'm glad it was you," thinking that logan was duncan.  that doesn't make sense.  logan looks nothing like duncan.  her reaction was to him being all beat up.
@ jennifer i think she still wanted to be with logan but she thought she ruined by believing he killed lilly.that is why she is surprised.
well, i think that will never be very clear... because in the middle of everything, she also found out that logan did not kill lilly and tried to call him several times. she could be happy about finally getting to talk to him and them being shocked about him being all beaten up.
i love that it has made it over $5m!! i knew it would!!
@ jennifer starkey same thoughts
@annika - although i would have loved veronica to actually want to see logan, i think after everything that happened, she was dying to see duncan - she was still in love with him. even the way she said "logan" sounded surprised like, "wth are you doing here?"
@ james - if you are in us, then just go to amazon and change your payment options.  you should be able to add a card there.  then, you may need to manage your pledge, i am not sure.  this may be a question to either kickstarter or to amazon.
found this article on kicktraq about passing 5 million. http://blog.zap2it.com/pop2it/2013/04/veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter-crosses-5-million-with-two-days-to-go.html
@ jennifer starkey  i'm a love fan too, but i agree with you. she broke up with him and he said that he wants her dead. i don't see how she could be so happy to see him.
@jennifer: i think she only was suprised he was beat up like that...
could set up an count for your dad then use the card.
ok so no one answered my first question so i am going to ask again, i am currently having issues with my credit card and may not be able to resolve them in time for end of campaign,  would i still be able to get the rewards sent to me if i use my dad's card he has already said its ok but i don't wanna even try it if it wont work. i am going for the $50 prize level and pledging $50 please any help or advice or info would be appreciated.  on top of that murphy as in murphy's law has really been kicking into over drive for me lately because i am currently unable to check my email so i can't even confirm if the payment i sent was received but i doubt it was since i'm having trouble on another subscriber website that gives instant feedback if the card is approved or denied and tho i sent my payment it currently says denied still.  please help if you can one marshmellow to another.
@valeria: logan! duuuhh :d @robin: i had english for 9 years in school- but i really learned speaking when i went to the us on my own for the first time...  french is beautiful but soooo complicated and i'm seriously bad with languages... i worked in turkey for 11 months and learned like 10 words and counting to five... (though in my job i only had to speak german)
@valeria - although i'm definitely a love fan till the end, i think veronica wanted to see duncan. she looked surprised when she realized it was logan.
hey everyone!!! could someone tell me what the veronica's expectations were when she opened the door  in the end of the first season. she said "i was hoping it would be you." logan or duncan?
rob thomas ‏@robthomas 3h $5 million! holy cow! this was my secret dream number that dare not speak its name. thanks, everyone!
wish i could get to twitter; it's blocked here at work. has anything of note been coming from rob or kristen?
i spent two semesters studying in montpellier, france. had a great time, but i think i spent too much time at the irish pub there. i still remember some french, but i've probably forgotten a good bit.
@jenny you are right. t welcome, robin.
thanks @annika
finally, i'm in ! a pledge from a french fan ! happy fan here ! hehe ! @annika : 7 years english in school for me, i'm still a noob, but i think i learn more in the real life ^^ but french is a beautiful language ! :p
@candice: that's even harder than just german.
we had to learn switzerdeutsch.
@tonywarrior: i'm from switzerland too, but from the german part.
@harriet: thomas: i tried to make it clear in "donut run" that duncan never caved in to becoming kendall's new sugar daddy. it was important to know that the offer was out there in order to make the fake breakup play. people were really upset that veronica didn't press duncan harder about kendall at the time she heard kendall was in his room. veronica knew this: while ex-boyfriend logan might be willing to sleep with a friend's married stepmom, duncan isn't built that way. http://www.tvguide.com/news/veronica-mars-questions-37911.aspx
@tony  @jon that makes me feel better.
@antonio: not sure... @candice: i think i had 4-5 years french in school and all i remember is 'i don't speak french', 'i don't understand' and 'i don't know' :)
it was 3:07 eastern time.
@candice i studied it for 3 years and i live in a country where we speak german and i still can't manage it...don't beat yourself up
@jon it happened about 3:10 est
@candice..  i have the same problem.. i dont get to practice all the languages i learned very much so im always having a hard time when i have to use them!
@cheryl.... but it "happened" before meg died (and veronica hasn't even found out that need is pregnant yet... or does duncan play a really long game?
awwww crap!  i missed it.. i get sucked into a meeting an y'all went and passed 5m... quick somebody.. what time of day (and time zone) did it happen???
i took five semesters of german, and i can barely remember the basics.
@annikalm anyways is way better than me. do you know if there are some other swiss people pledging here?
@antonio: all i can say is je ne parle pas francais, je ne comprend pas et je ne sais pas! :) and say but not spell- my name is... :d
*french
@annikalm danke! (that's basically all i can say...shame on me...your fren is good!
@antonio: well in that case- bienvenue :) je ne parle pas bien le francais...
we can do it!
@annikalm for what i understand thank you for the warm welcoming! let's beat the record guys!!! hop hop hop!!!
@annikalm i'm sorry i'm from the french part...i don't understand very well german...
@ harriet - no, duncan did not sleep with kendall.  that was all part of the plan to make the cops and everybody else believe that veronica and duncan were broken up so she didn't get in trouble/arrested when he disappeared/kidnapped his child.  kendall was trying to get $$ out of duncan like everybody else, and he was just pretending to be nice to her.
i think 80k is a given.  50/50 if we get the record.
think we will beat the highest record for the number of backers?
thanks tigernightmare! :)
so excited to see it at $5 million and climbing....way to go fellow marshmellows :)
@joseph: i'll do that in my sisters name... @antonio: na dann herzlich willkommen!
just got home and saw this,  over 5 million already?!!
@tabetha i think he said in the last update that more merch tiers isn't going to happen but they're looking into selling it online or something after the kickstarter is over.
just pledge from switzerland! so happy that we are up 5mil!
does anyone think there will be anymore reward levels offered?
i am so happy to see that we finally reached the 5million mark and still going!!! love it!!!
i haven't heard anything about paris hilton in a long time. even the tabloids don't want her now.
if everyone backs with one dollar using your other email addresses we can make that 87,000+ do you have a yahoo? gmail? hotmail? address? or others?  just donate in your friends name. and use your same payment method. i had my whole family donate $1 so that added up to 8 plus mine. hang in there guys we can make this happen  for kb and the gang.
i have a request for the movie besides love: i want on the background they play "we used to be friends"
@dreamrose311 that's so true lol. i laughed so hard with that line. but seriously paris hilton was awful in so many levels, i don't want her back for nothing in the world.
@ lyz & tiger - i just thought with as much as we all loathe her and her lack of acting skills, it may motivate for some extra pledges.   @ dreamrose - you are right!  i forgot about that, it was funnier since she had been in the show!
@harriet i always wondered! i don't think so, but i'm really unsure...
i appreciate paris hilton's brief appearance on the show, because at some point later there's a quote referencing paris hilton... found it, keith saying something to veronica about 'you know that hilton girl gives you nightmares'  it wouldn't get the quite same laugh from me if she hadn't been on the show
@tanya, totally with you on that
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xew4ia_tina-fey-rips-paris-hilton-on-howar_shortfilms
arghhh auto write... did duncan sleep with kendall..(not did duncan also with kendall)
i think rob thomas will do that for free, tanya.  i loved hearing tina fey talk shit about her rotten attitude when she hosted snl.  i'll return with a link.
it would probably be hard finding one with worse acting ability :) @tiger
so...an watching season two atm .... did duncan also with kendall? opinions?
here is a thought, new stretch goal x money or backers for paris to not be in the film!
i agree with everyone. i questioned the awesomeness of the show for about five seconds when i saw paris hilton stalk onto the screen.
if they're going to cast porn stars in the movie, there's plenty to choose from with better acting ability.
a lot of people have probably clicked 'remind me' and are waiting for friday (payday) before contributing. these last two days are going to be crazy and a lot of fun to watch!
@tigernightmare do you know what is the only thing i hate from veronica mars? paris hilton's apparence on the second episode from season 1. that was terrible. thanks god she wasn't regular hehe.
people who follow paris hilton are probably terrible.  they're looking to mimic the style of the entitled.  those people don't watch tv, they just go the club and do drugs.
i've lately been having veronica mars related nightmares :') i just watched season 3 - spit & eggs. what are the odds i'm going to dream of rape, adultery & murder tonight? :')
@tiger i don't want paris hilton back- but it is crazy how many people follow her, so if she would tweet the link, that would really help breaking the backers- record... i'm not gonna spam, but i'm tweeting each of the once :)
right @tiger. after all is done i think we'll have between 3.75 - 4 million for the actual budget for the movie.  i'm estimating a possible final amount of $5,300,000 fundraised
also, who wants paris hilton back?  nobody.
...*litter of puppies.  oops, that sounded dumb. batch of puppies, batch of cookies.. same thing.
i wouldn't find rob thomas getting tazed amusing (and i've read where a few other people have said the same). now, an ice-cream cake in the face (and a potential sentencing of letting a small batch of puppies lick it off with pictures uploaded onto twitter and - my personal favorite - facebook..) much more amusing. and less dangerous! grosser, but safer.
i heard krysten ritter is already interested in returning if possible.  but i don't think spamming their feeds is a good idea.
twitter- army, the tweetathon is about to start!  tweet till your fingers hurt- don't forget to include #veronicamarsmovie and all the other hashtags (what about #vmfamily ?) and like carly suggested- let's try to get some of the guest stars to rt the link! here are a couple handles, hope they're all real! @itsmeleighton  @parishilton @iamgreenfield @diannaagron  @allcharisma  @krystenritter  @janemarielynch  @talalona  @kylegallner  @kenmarino  @ryandevlin let the tweeting begin :d
unlikely, but would be cool if we reached over 7 million.
$7,142,857.1428571428571428571428571
the correct equation is .7x=5,000,000.  i think.
5% go to kickstarter. 5% go to amazon payments. a certain number of payments fail to come through - that just happens. even though only international backers have added shipping to their pledge total, national shipping will have to be deducted as well (probably a cool 150,000$+ total). there are expenses for manufacturing and fulfilment (no estimate here, depends on the quality of the produced dvd + packaging, etc., but comfortable 6 digits, definitely). i think deducting, on average, 25% is reasonable. even though the price percentage of expenses goes down the higher the pledge total (woah...), everyone from the 50$ tier upwards gets a sizeable delivery. and i think this might be one of the less expense-heavy kickstarters. so, right now, we're keeping our heads slightly over the 4 million mark for the movie, i would guess. but, you know, that's just, like, a total stab in the dark.
er, whoops.  guess my math wires got crossed.
you know what?............. i don't care they have enough money to make a decent movie. i've seen great movies made for less. lol ^_^
@phil thanks did not see that article. that is good wb would help out if need be.
anyone correct my math?  if we raise 6.5 mil then 30% of that would be 1.95 mil.  subtract that from 6.5 mil and you are left with 4.55 mil.  so in order to have 5 million for the budget we would need about 7.1 mil to cover the 30% for kickstarter and amazon and rewards.
*also
rob always stated that wb are keeping calculations of all the packages and cost for this kickstarter so they know where they are at and what they need to do. i don't think they would add all these extra rewards if they didn't know how much money they will have for the movie at any given moment.
@james it happened about 100 minutes ago.
yay for hitting rob's dream number!!!
@james about an hour and a half ago
oh and forgot to mention congrats to all on getting the $5mil when did it happen i been a lil busy here.
@james americans pay through amazon, so just log in and change the payment option.  i think it looks like a pre-order on your account.
@tiger 70k, right? :-p  joke joke i think it'll jump today... jump tomorrow and friday will be real big... for some reason i just expect 1.5 million in the last two days... like everyone will just finally jump in... although this kickstarter actually has had a much better middle run than most campaigns.
i have a question hopefully someone can answer for me.  as i may have mentioned earlier i'm a bit on the poor side but do use credit cards to pay for things i buy online well it has come to my attention my credit card (the one i used for the kickstarter is having some troubles which i am sure i can work out but perhaps not before the deadline.  i spoke to my dad whos willing to lend me the money and his card but how do i go about doing that and still making sure the stuff comes to me i pledged and asked for the $50 reward level fyi
@phil what exactly are you right about?
@michael you bet... the actor contracts and rob's contract are bound to have back end deals so they make bucks if it succeeds.
we're on track to make over $100k today.
there's no way producers/investors will have no stake at all in this movie. if anyone at all believes in the product (rob and kristen included), they'll invest $ into the production, as they'll make a return based on box office receipts/dvd sales/etc.
@tiger... he said that when they were at 2.7 million... he didn't say they were at 1.89 million... i'm right.
thanks @annikalm also tweet amanda seyfried, leighton meester, charisma carpenter, krysten ritter, dianna agron, paris hilton, alyson hannigan, max greenfield, jane lynch, paul rudd  and  @talalona (alona tal)  @kylegallner  @kenmarino  @ryandevlin
that article is also where rob thomas says that the wb would be willing to help out a little if they needed a little.
anyone know how much tickets to premiers cost in general?  (never been around to attend one before, so no idea how they work)
http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-on-the-wildly-successful-kickstarter-movie-campaign/ "so now that you're at about $2.7 million as we discuss this, what's your dream goal for the campaign? rob thomas: it's one of those questions where i think, 'only an asshole would answer that question.' but i'll be an asshole anyway! in my mind, i think that at $5 million, i start feeling like that's the tipping point. and i'm not even basing that on what i think the budget of the movie could or should be, but on what my expectations and hopes were for the amount of money we could raise on kickstarter. we put a bigger dent in that than i could have hoped for in the last two days. we'll certainly spend that money. we'll find cool stuff to do if we go over it."
way at the beginning thomas did an interview and said wb was very cool, is going to handle merchandise distribution and said that they would make sure it was a good movie by covering some tertiary expense like one last actor they need signed or something like that.
won't you need ~7.1m to have 5m for the movie? 7.1-(7.1*.3)=4.97m
tweet @talalona (alona  tal) @kylegallner (who i did not know just had a baby!! so cutee!) @kenmarino @ryandevlin those are some guest star twitters i found! there are probably a lot more. but if we tweet them the link hopefully enough will send and they can retweet it or post it!
@phil where did you hear that about wb will help out?
well, they provide the tickets for the premiere but the person going has to provide own transportation and hotel etc so i don't it will be that big of a deal with the higher expenses.
wb already said it'd kick in if they fell short an actor or something like that... i think we are going to hit six million anyway...but i admit... it's a stretch.
it would be an outright shame to fall just a few backers from the record...knock on wood.
@tiger your math is correct.  my question is this.  the 30% expense ratio is probably appropriate for the lower tiers, but shouldn't the expenses will probably be a bit lower for higher tier items like premieres, roles, twitter following, etc?  as a result, a lower total might net out an operating budget of $5 million.   that said, the more raised the more the cushion for unanticipated expenses.
i'm right.
@phil i think he meant he wanted 5 million total, since he already mentioned the costs that would be taken away from the film at the 2 million level.
and don't forget, more orders = cheaper per product (in most cases)
@carly that's a great idea- you could send a message to actors of the show or the fanpages on facebook and ask them for help! maybe we could tweet amanda seyfried, leighton meester, charisma carpenter, krysten ritter, dianna agron, paris hilton, alyson hannigan, max greenfield, jane lynch, paul rudd, ...  (and yeah, i totally looked it up :) )
also only 9,986 backers till the record.
also rob said in a interview that 30% will go to all the packages, kickstarter & amazon.
she just meant where did you get the 30%  i think and answer is they've said that's what it's going to cost to deliver the rewards.
and i'm reasonably sure rt meant 5 million before the 30% got taken out....but i could be wrong... just seems like he would have said 6.5 million knowing he needed 5 million..
0.3x=5 x=6.5
i'm surprised we haven't gotten an rt video of 5 mill hitting...
@asbjorn 30%.  it's algebra.  i think.
tigernightmare: what gave you that figure (6.5m -> 5m)?
5 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
congrats on 5 million! thats so exciting! maybe we should get fan sites of party down and 90210 to post this campaign (other shows rob has worked or created on) idk just a thought. we need ways to spread the word!! 2.5 days left! i wish they would push it back a few more days! plus #proudtobeafan is still trending...just saying ;) also is their any guest stars of the show we can tweet this to so they can tweet it?!! to get other fans that do not know about this?!
5 million
wow... just 9970 more backers to go... it still seems so far away but the numbers are going up pretty quickly...
6.5 would give the film a nice even 5 mill.
personally i'm hoping for 6 million also... help pay some of those costs.
less than 10,000!!
jenny h, off-topic, but isn't smashed such a great movie? mary elizabeth winstead gave one of my favorite performances of last year.
okay, i think it's fixed now. :)
we officially need ten thousand more backers to break the record.
10k backers to go - no problem.
weird mine does the same everytime i update the page it'll move up but than go back to 77,126
@leelee i don't think so, because the backer number keeps dropping back to 77,126. if i reload, it goes to 77,13x, but then after a second back to 77,126.
@julia i think its people updating their bid not sure
is the counter broken? it keeps switching back and forth between 77,132 and 77,126 for me.
it's 30%
almost less than 10,000 to go!
@lynne. hmm, if kickstarter takes 5% and say amazon takes, 4%, that is about 450k off the top. plus t shirts, dvds, posters, fulfillment costs, shipping - it does add up.
went to watch a movie (smashed... it's awesome) and came back to see we broke $5 million!!!! one of the most awesome things i've ever participated in!!  i so hope they film here in san diego!!!  when vm was filming i was away traveling for my job, but now i'm home & would love to catch some filming done!! please make breaking 5 mil give us a san diego shoot!
@ leslie, i agree.  we don't want any harm coming to rob.  a fun video would be cool.
my brain is playing tricks on me...i'm going to leave it at raisetotaze... even though it should be #raisetotase...lol.  @scgirl_at_heart
@ leslie, i agree! just like, a video of him and someone from the cast doing something cool, or another fun update would be awesome! (preferably with kb, but she must be super busy now that she's a mom.) :)
@leslie.. i'm with you!
@ christopher: yeah, i don't think that so many people will pledge in such a short amount of time.  (i'm totally ok with the outcome, though)
i vote we don't taser rob - we need him at his best - anyone else with me
stop! #taser time
all of you on facebook- lets get more backers... ask all the veronica- mars- fan- pages to spread the word and ask every fan to pledge! i just send this message to https://www.facebook.com/veronicamars 'hey fellow marshmallow, it would be amazing if you could post a link to the veronica- mars- movie- kickstarter- project and point out to all the other marshmallows that every single backer, every single dollar counts!  some may not back the project because they think the one dollar they can spare won't make a difference- but it will! let's help rob and kristen reach their goal of breaking the record for most backers! let's set a sign together, that veronica mars should have never been cancelled! ask everyone to be a part of the veronica mars movie, be a part of the biggest kickstarter- project yet, be a part of history!' feel free to copy!
i have a birthday coming up and i'm totally gonna ask for a $1 pledge.
everyone, remember to tell people that even if they aren't necessarily veronica mars fans, this project will be used as the benchmark for this funding method, meaning the more successful this is, the more likely other cult classic shows will be made into movies using the kickstarter method. this especially goes for every firefly fan you know.
i'd be surprised if we hit 88k backers. i wish we could but it's a tall order.
to break the kickstarter record and reach 88k, we need 200 backers per hour. come on love fans!
woo
darnit autocorrect: #raisetotase....
i'm so mad. i missed 5 million. jut glad it happened though.
all right, my day hasn't been the best so far...but this making it to $5 million (!!!!!!!) in less than 30 full days sure has me smiling, and doing silent cheers and whoops in my head!  (i'm in the library, on the silent floor)  congrats everyone!!!!!!!! we made it to $5 million!!
i'd say 30% is accurate, probably a bit more.
5 000 000 dollards baby ;)
@sandra yea i figured $3/per shirt as well. $165k seems about right. a pro company is necessary to handle the packing and shipping - postage. looked up kickstarters take. looks like 5% plus as much as 3-5% more for amazons cut.
"if the citizens of the web pledge enough money to meet your target by the deadline you set, then you get your money and you proceed with your project. at that point, kickstarter takes 5 percent, and you pay 3 to 5 percent to amazon.com’s credit card service" from: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/26/technology/personaltech/financing-the-stuff-of-dreams-through-kickstarter-state-of-the-art.html… unless it has changed in the last year or so, kickstarter is getting 5% and amazon.com is getting another 5%. which is about 500,000. then there are the costs of the rewards and shipping. so let's say they spend another 500,000 on that, i guess they might be able to keep 4m for the movie which would be double the original goal anyway...
@christopher that's the spirit.
first time posting here but i've been reading all your stuff pretty much daily and i have to say its been  entertaining. love all the love for this project, glad we made it to 5mill hopefully we can break the backer record
sorry to be a spoil sport but i don't want anyone to be  tazed by anyone (even if for fun)
er mean 87143 of course :-p
we'll reach 77144 soon meaning less than 10k from 88143 but i've already stayed up later then i intended to so night all.
who says we can't gather another million? i'm aiming high
@lynne, sorry but your math is off. the cost of the t-shirts alone is almost 200k. if there are 55k backers who will receive shirts and they cost, say, $3 to make (which is probably too cheap), that is already 165k. i think about 30% will go to kickstarter and fulfillment.
@carole i know, it's just that some people are wanting the budget to have that magic round number as the total after costs.
yippee!  we hit $5 million with 2 1/2 days to go.  this is awesome.  i am so looking forward to this movie.  i hope the number keeps climbing!  i doubled my original pledge because i want to see the best possible movie.
@christopher, i'm right there with you. i feel so honored to be a part of this experience (however small my part may be).  i love the show, i love the people who create/ star in the show, and i love experiencing the joy and satisfaction of making a movie happen with all of you other cool fans! :)
i just calculated what the average pledge is so far, and so far the average pledge is $65...
5 million!
woo hoo!!!
next goal... break the most amount of backers record... time to rally as much as possible.
@tiger, rob tweeted that the magic number was $5 million so i'm sure he's taken into account the cost of rewards as well as the cut kickstarter takes. i know we'll have a great movie at this price but i hope people are still inclined to donate up until the very last second.
yes!!! 5 million hit!!!
we also passed the 77,000 backers mark!!!
woo! $5 million and still counting! awesome :)
@kate that's a loooooootta money.  but i think we're fine with this.
@susan, you need to add $25 or$35 (depending on whether you're in the us or elsewhere) to your pledge without changing your tier :)
so, kickstarter + amazon will be claiming at least $500,000 of this, + all the backer rewards. how much will be left?
@tiger we'll get it. have faith. :d
@susan check out the recent update.  you need to add $25 to your pledge and they'll send you both.
woohoo!!! congrats team veronica mars!!! yay! we did it!
we actually need 6.5 million for the budget to be $5,000,000.
fantastic!!!!
i want over 100,000 backers when its all said and done. tell everyone you know!
how is it possible for us to get both t shirts?
it's 5am here. so glad i woke up and checked in. going back to sleep now. loving this!
i come back from lunch and loooooookie here! 5 million, alright! happy celebrating, everybody! i'll be drinking my shot of bailey's in honor of vmars tonight.
just a guess. cost of t shirts + shipping + the company hired to handle. $200,000 or so. so for rob to end up with $5 million, means at least $5.2 to $5.3 so the next 54 hours and i bet rob and crew will have eyes on screens till the very end.
i've started a new hashtag: #raisetotaze on twitter. we reached $5 million and our stretch goal to see rob get tazed by kb. :) @scgirl_at_heart
i've started a #raisetotaze on twitter.  we reached $5 and our stretch goal to see rob get tazed by kb. :) @scgirl_at_heart
@carole awwww- likewise!
way to go, marshmallows!
we did it everyone, and we still have two days to go. yeah baby!!!!
5 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just posted the print screen on twitter! @lalewicki!
it's been a blast sharing these moments with-) you all. well most of you :-)
okay, to break the record for most backers, we just need like 200 an hour for the last 55 hours! we can do that, right?
ya congrats of getting to $5 million....
$5 million plus!  way to go everyone!
now on to the next milestone 87,143 backers
he'll ya
yay.
i'll admit that when rob said repeatedly that 5 million was the goal he had in mind, i was afraid we wouldn't do it. i know v-mars fans are all kinds of awesome, but it just didn't seem possible. i'm so proud of everyone involved from the brilliant minds behind this show/campaign to all those who contributed. thank you!!
yeah baby - yeah!!!
marshmallows are amazing! nothing like coming together to support something you love!!!!!!
yay!
i think some were trying to be sneaky so they could be the 5 million.. keep on backing!
yeeeeaaahhhh!  fell kind of sorry for rob though- getting tazed probably isn't really pleasent... :d
this is amazing!
yahooooo!!!!!
we did it>>>>>>yeaqqqq
probably hear from rt soon on the five mill mark... and look! it's still rolling on... let's get to six!!
five million and 77 thousand backers! this makes me feel like a giant marshmallow. <3
so proud to be among those 77,000 backers
omg!!!! five million dollars! cannot believe it!
omg! awesome guys!
never has a 5 looked so good
yaaaay !!!
woo hoo!!!
yayyyyyyy!!!! 5 mackin' frackin' million!
and now 77,000 backers!
we all tried posting at the same time. couldn't even see my comment as it's already way down on the page..awesome
77.000 backers!!!
congratulations to everyone! this is awesome! :d
5mil & 77000 - we rock
77,000!!!
and 77,000!
and 77k for good measure!!!
wow, we really did it today everybody! this is such a cool thing to be apart of. i'm fired up! @dalybear
and boom goes the dynamite.
awesome!!! great job everyone!!! now lets keep it coming!
yay!!!! we did it!
whicked!!!!!
congrats to all the vm fans!!! 5 freakin million!!
yessssssss
bam!
congrats to all! gotta go back to work. :)
$5 million!!!
fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wooooo 5 mil!! we did it!
5 mill hw bad
and it keeps going!
yes!!!!
woooooooo!! :d
look at that.
woot woot!
5 mil yea!!!!!!!
nice
omg!!! yeayyy
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!! welldone everyone!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you are all amazing, amazing people, and i'm so proud to be a part of this. that is all.
5 million!!!!! ahhhhhhh!!! *squee*
awesome - we did it
boom goes the dynamite
yeah $5 million! now for 77k backers :-)
yeay !!! we are all amazing fans :)
whoop!
okay, who just upped by 100 to send it over? five million!!!!!!!!!
we did it!!!
yay!!!!
yea! well done everyone!
there she goes!
ah woo hoo.
we did it. magic 5.
yay!!!
yeyyy
bam! $5 million buckeroos...take that dr. evil. on another note, i posted a video of what i was doing at work today while biding my time for this to happen... i posted the link on my twitter, @jdivenere. yay veronica mars!
omg yes!
5k!!!
yes!!!!!
@whohoo! we did it guys! so proud of you marshmallows
thanks @mansah. happy to be here!
@ lynne lol
awww man whose winning?!
omg!!! less than a hundred
come on
can the server handle whats about to happen?
oh my god could the race be closer backers and money!!
boooooooooom
99 to go!
@leelee, welcome, glad to have you join the party!
99
@leelee thanks!
almost!!! :))))
@jose nice one! haha
come on
yes!!!!
aaawwww
.... refresh.... post comment... refresh....
i'm here and just pledged. just in time!!! i've been following this awhile and reading everyones comments!
they might hit 5 mil and 77k at the same time!
so close!!!!
oh my god !!!
omg omg!!
@lindsey... you're here? come back when you have no class... :-p
so close i can taste it baby!
so.... close....
wow it jumped so fast!!
someone just dropped 500!
i know my work has keytrack software but whatevs 1k to 5m
lol i am in class not paying attention at all because i keep checking this page!!
less than 1000 to go!!!
here we go!
omg! omg! omg! almost there!!!!
oh i don't really. i was kidding. lol
ryan hansen just tweeted: ‏@hiryanhansen 8m almost 5m!!!! @robthomas is getting tazed y'all!!
aww snap...
yes!  almost there! :d
it's coming!!!
wow it really is neck and neck
shoot.... i can't believe i almost missed it...
@katy... i've wanted that series to get a proper finish for so long... this is better than a birthday party... i can't view it as time wasted :-p
i hope my work does not have spy software in this computer...
@katy, don't feel bad. we're wasting away with you..lol
if everyone who has already backed,  gets just 1 person to pledge $1 then we will achieve the record for most backers!!!!!!!! do it!!!!!! now!!!!!
@jesca it makes it more interesting. we will be less than ten thousand away from the record soon.
waiting on pins & needles here
omg you guys!!! almost 5 mil!!
i've now wasted about an hour of my life watching this damn counter. soooo worth it!
it is amazing watching this go up! its constantly increasing!
sad im going to miss the $5 million get reached i got to head to work
we did good. best fans ever!
@annika, that's a great idea. unfortunately i don't have facebook but i hope those of you that do message the vmars fb page. i mean, it couldn't hurt.
@ann-sofie: ditto :)
@candice it's turning into a close race for sure!
hey you guys are pretty awesome for helping accomplish all of this. well done everyone!
it looks like 77,000 is coming first.
im gonna be glued to this screen untill we (togheter!) reach 5 million :d
@jesca: thanks! jose inspired it :) are you guys fans of the 'normal' veronica mars page on facebook? they shared the veronica- mars- movie post but i wish they would post more about the whole kickstarter thing so i might gonna write them a message as well... it would be great if they would just point out how important every single backer is and not how much you're able to pledge... if you're with me- send them a message please- the more the better the chances!
it's so cool to think of the thousands other vm fans who must  also be watching the total go up right now, and the collective worldwide cheering that will soon happen :-)
i can't wait for this brawl rob promised us
so close now i can almost taste it......
@christoper....do you have confetti? toss some up :p
best hour of the day for the movie... gonna get there any time.
@phil. loki is a little scared of people besides my bofriend and myself....otherwise i would totally go for that!
wow i'm so excited!!!
@katy... that's why i rent out a seeing eye dog to blind people... it's actually a cat on a leash... blind people can't see....
@lais bahahaha!
i wanna celebrate somehow!
@phil  lol. he has to get a job first before he can do that. that might be hard considering he's a cat...
@annikalm great idea!
wow wow!
i was sure i'd miss it while i was at the gym, glad i'm here for the big 5m
almost. these are the moments when real life is more exciting than fiction writing. :)
@katy, i have one of my dogs on my lap, she takes always take back-up very seriously...
almost there baby!
@christopher - there will definitely be more news stories when this hits 5m hi loki
@katy tell loki to pledge... cheap cat...
$2,000 left :d
@ivanovitch: i just wrote a message to a german facebook- page called 'seriesjunkie' which is about all kinds of series asking them to spread the word and get people to just pledge 1 dollar- not only to help the veronica mars movie but as an opportunity for other cancelled shows to maybe follow in robs footsteps... hope they'll do it, they have like 300.000 facebook- fans... jose had the great idea to ask fans of other cancelled shows for help, like chuck, cause it could help them get their movies as well... so if any of you know some fans/ show, contact people via twitter/ facebook!
@phil, touché my friend
my cat loki is sitting on my lap watchng the counter in anticipation as well...
when this hits, don't everyone say "ok we made it"  we have a real shot at six million with the added bonuses and another two days!!
i was obsessed with the counter the first week and am obsesssed again. just go up
here we go baby! news outlets are gonna pick this up big time and then we're gonna get the backer goal
i can't believe i'm so excited. i feel like i'm watching my lotto numbers come in.
@ carole lol i get enough social life... i need a counter to let me get away from it all
@mansah thats hilarious!
less than 3 thousand and it's done. 5 millions come to us!!
i'm having a hybrid of we are the champions and final countdown playing in my head... and the vm soundtrack playing in the background...
@phil i think i had it right the first time...lol. this obsessive refreshing can't be healthy for my social life...lol
look at it gooo!!!!
less than 4k to go! we can do it, marshmallows!
@carole more like thank you rob thomas for saving my life for the next 56 hours lol
i know that the counter will keep updating without my hitting the refresh button. i no longer care. refresh faster!
damn you rob thomas for ruining my life for the next 56 hours
@annikalm we're all doing it lol
i wonder if rob is doing the same thing we all are :p refreshing and starring at the counter haha
is anyone here organizing a plan to spread the word and recruit more $1 pledges?
refreshing refreshing refreshing (i swear i'm not insane- yet!)
@craig yeah my work uses a version of explorer so old that gmail doesn't support it anymore.  my phone seems to keep up better.  :-)
aand less than 3 grand
i'm so excited i can't stop looking at the counter!
@lais welcome back!
i guessed 7.30pm uk time earlier today - close!
awesome, i didn't miss it!  i got out of work just in time!
@julia/candace: 5 million
@julia lol, i asked the same thing. it's hard for me to tell.
will it hit 77,000 backers or $5 mil first?
this is maddening. don't forget we'll also get a big bump on friday when they release more premiere spots
@candace... great.. now we have another race to watch :-p it's gonna be a nail biter... how awesome would it be for the 77,000th backer to put it over 5 million :-)
so close.... 5 million, here we come!
san diego comic con. have pass & will be there. however sold out in an instant. may i suggest a outside meet up place for those who could not get a ticket - sold out in milliseconds! croce's in gas lap or another large meet up place close to the convention center. on the street near the convention center is almost as much fun as it is inside. costumes not necessary but would be fun to see a few marshmallows.
@candace... i think 5 million..
@phil i hear ya. i just had current events dictation class and the whole class we were listening to sad sad news stories and writing them down for 2 hours. that was not so much fun. and the weather is craptasic here too! i need this! lol
@leslie i think we will hit 5mil first...although both goals are important!
so close to $5 million! anyone think we'll beat the most backer record? not enough fans are backing this project which is sad to see. a dollar is all you have to spend!
*refreshing my page obsessively*
not sure if this is helpful to anyone else, but i've had a lot of luck getting friends and others to back by dong an im-athon, and sending a message like this: "hey! quick favor to ask... i was wondering if you might be willing to pledge even $1 (if you haven't already) at http://bit.ly/veronicamars. the fans are trying to break a record for largest number of backers by 11pm on friday, and running low on time." like 30 people have agreed to do it just to get me to go away. :)
@joshua let's hope that's an extra 123,000 movie tickets sold.
@andrea, when it drops suddenly like that it usually means means that somebody's updating their payment  information or maybe increasing the pledge amount.
what will come first 5 million or 77,000 backers?
sad that over 200,000 people liked this project, but on 77,000 have backed it.
may i say, it's been nice to be on these boards and see a whole lot of super positive excitement in a world that can be waaay negative at times. especially doing what i do, i don't hear a lot about people having hope for anything..
i can't seem to email my rsvp for the party in austin, but i'll be there with bells on. the "contact me" link doesn't seem to be working.
okay, i'm donating $4,000 just to hit $5 million already!  jk :)
what will hit first 77,000 backers or $5mil ................. the suspense is killing me
@jesca you make an excellent point!
@phil i'm looking i'm looking!
i promised my neighbor i'd finish my fence today.... he's probably getting angry :-p someone get that 5k theater spot so my neighbor doesn't throw a fit?
my counter keeps going back to 4, 987,753.  that's not right is it?
so close ....
@jesca..lol. this is kind of addictive. i can't wait for this to be over so that i can get my life back
watching
i'm finding it hard to walk and watch the counter!! i have calls to make but i'm postponing them to watch the counter...complete madness!! lol
someone on here yesterday said they were concerned it wouldn't hit five mill.. look at the counter now!!! loook at it!!! :-p
@ carole yes! everytime my work phone rings i cringe
@lakovos you live in greece... don't you know anyone from any of the european countries that are covered? it isn't exactly like having to fly to america to get it... maybe you can get a friend to help out... i would really like to see all fans get the good stuff.
less than $5,000 to go. anyone else glued to their screen?
@phil bahahaha sounds like a plan!
iakovos gkoufas: unfortunately greece is not on the list of countries allowed for most of the rewards and at this stage i'm not sure if any new ones are likely to be added. you're limited to the $1 and $10 reward option although you can choose to pledge however much you want. you may want to check back in 24-48 hours just to make sure.
just sitting here and waiting for the $5,000,000 mark and the fireworks. :)
it's gonna happen at almost exactly noon my time at this rate... thank god because i need to get stuff done lol
@jesca i say we demand that kickstarter give us their home address and then we all sweep in from across the country, kick his or her door in and say "please reconsider... we reeeally want five million..."
@jlw, once they're filming there'll be plenty of chance for kb to get him when he isn't looking. i trust it'll happen...
me too!! don't think homework is going to get done until that happens...
@katy hey there! just waiting for that lil ole 5 million dollar mark...
technically we already could have hit 5 mil if that person hadn't dropped out of the $5000 pledge.
@phil what up cuz?!
maybe when rob updates, he'll address if he will or will not allow himself to get tased.
someone rent out a theater, quick!
@backup and it's a sweeet deal... guaranteed theater access to the movie...
hi guys i'm from greece and would like to ask you if the rewards can be sent to my country!? rob do something!
@phil - i don't either. but someone must... it would be a great time to do it
@backup... i wish i had five grand to spend!!
just upped my pledge. a friend of mine is interested in the project now. probably had something to do with me being unable to not stop talking about it. :)
i wish someone would grab the remaining 5k option
if they had taken the 120 million from those two bombs and put it into a vm movie they still wouldn't have lost as much money.
looks like we're going to get to $5 million today! (happy dance)
we're getting so very, very close. :d logan update at $5 million?
@harriet... no lol but lots of movies that the studios thought were going to be bigger than veronica mars... and weren't... for instance... movie called lolita from 1997 60 million dollar budget... 1.147 million dollar actual gross... so veronica mars out grossed that movie without having actually been made yet...the oogieloves in the big balloon adventure aparently convinced someone it would be a hit.. 60 million dollar budget... 1 million box office... and that was last year...
hi guys i'm from greece and would like to ask you if the rewards can be sent to my country! rob do something!
6000 left :d how much do you think the total will be? 5.3 million is my guess
it really would be a dream come true as dumb as that sounds lol
man i really wish i could afford the 400 dollar prize of getting rob thomas and kristen bell to follow me on twitter for a year. i hate having debt lol. hey look at that! only 4 grand to go! @dalybear
good... as in funny to us.. not good films, as in something good to watch
@phil... any good ones in the films that made less money than this kick starter?
finally got to back this project so excited about the film, being watching the counter and comments religiously over nearly the past month.
a cliff hanger.. not a good hanger.. pesky autowrite!
i agree @michael.. i am just happy to get our film... i appreciate that others (backers or wb) may make money.. but that doesn't bother me.. i just want our film... and a proper ending (not a good hanger)
just glancing over a list of all time box office bombs... i can't help but laugh at the number of movies that were actually made that grossed less than this kickstarter... and had budgets in the tens of millions...
it's so cool to continually see these numbers rise and i meant 3 o'clock easter time. let's go!! @dalybear
@phil: agreed. rob said in some article that joel silver (exec producer) did say they may be able to scrape together the initial 2 mil budget, but rt thought it'd be more impactful in terms of showing fan support if they went to kickstarter. i'm sure there's investor money on the table somewhere. there's no way not one person will have a stake in this movie. unlike us, they'll get a financial return on their investment. though our return (getting our film) means more, to me at least :)
5 is the magic number! i have been hooked on kickstarter for the last month. i still can't believe that after all these years we are getting a movie. will we still be able to post on here after it all comes to an end? keep the love flowing mars bars!
i'm just so happy that rob's and kristen's belief in the project has been proven right...total vindication is sweet!!!
@christopher i think they were planning on kicking in some all along...
@amy, i know you're just thinking out loud so i'll just share my thoughts with you; which is that yes, i think we'll get our t-shirts now... also, less than 9.000 from 5mil, i'm one super excited bunny!
you thing wb might kick in some cash now knowing there is a large fan base?
the party on friday night - is there going to be any news coverage or streaming of the event - i can't go but would love to check in on the action
this is the number we have all had in the back of our minds since about day four it seems... i'm stoked..
so excited we are almost at 5 m!!
ok jlw thx :-) can't wait now!!! ^^
being in the uk, i wonder if my tshirt will be sent with the rest of the tshirts or wether i will have to wait for the dvd to be sent? will they be sent together or separately is basically what i'm wondering? don't need an answer, just thinking out loud :)
2:35  5 million here we come.
busy day! we're already at nearly 2/3 of yesterdays totals and it's not even 11 am! looks like people woke up feeling generous!
@bacquie rob said in twitter when someone asked about reaching 5 mil and being tazed. rob said wasn't sure if he was happy or nervious.
@chistopher... 3'oclock where?   we should start a pool! lol
hey everyone :) we are gonna hit the 5 million soon !!! i'm gonna up my pledge, but i'm gonna wait til we're at $4.999.000 ahah
btw i'm gonna say by 3 oclock 5 million
just rereading missed comments, constantine theres a site called btvguide.com that i have found useful in watching episodes of shows i missed so check them out.
anyone know what that neptune rising contest is exactly??
we have just 10k to go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
almost to $5 million!!! i predict we break $5 million by this afternoon.  wooo!!!!!
do you guys think rob will be tased at 5m$ ??? i'm sorry, asking again... do you guys would love tu see rob tased at 5m$ ???
i am pretty obsessed!!! i can't wait to see 5 million on my screen. let's go marshmallows. we can do it.
this is getting sooo much more exciting!!!
@jlw, i bet he is, so he can do another reaction video.
@robyn: you'll be here in spirit! :)
can't believe i'll miss $5 million... but i have to head back to work in 15 minutes... :(
@jlw judging from previous update times, i'm betting we won't hear anything until 9pm or later...
omg almost 5 million! c'mon marshmallows
i wondering if rob is waiting until we hit 5 mil to post new update.
sorry guys- don't know why my phone posted my last post 3 times! @tanya: thanks, i'm sure it'll be better in the next couple of days- for sure the moment we hit 5 mil :)
twitter- army here are the times: @neptunerising: tweetathon times.   start time: 11hst, 2pst, 3mst, 4cst,  5est to  end time: 5hst,  8pst, 9mst, 10cst, 11est i'm new to twitter myself, so please correct me if i'm wrong, you should use the hashtag #veronicamarsmovie as well as any other veronica mars- hashtags! it might also help if you send your tweets to rob or kristen... i'm really sick and not able to do any math at the moment- but i think the tweetathon start will be really late in the evening here- so i'll probably only be a part of the twitter- army in the beginning :(
thanks annika - i hope you feel better
twitter- army here are the times: @neptunerising: tweetathon times.   start time: 11hst, 2pst, 3mst, 4cst,  5est to  end time: 5hst,  8pst, 9mst, 10cst, 11est i'm new to twitter myself, so please correct me if i'm wrong, you should use the hashtag #veronicamarsmovie as well as any other veronica mars- hashtags! it might also help if you send your tweets to rob or kristen... i'm really sick and not able to do any math at the moment- but i think the tweetathon start will be really late in the evening here- so i'll probably only be a part of the twitter- army in the beginning :(
hi!! i'm so excited. i'm spanish and i did one's bit yet.
@ james - i do, but at the same time, kickstarter has to make money to keep this site up/pay their staff/etc.  so i understand them taking a %, it is a fee for the running of the site & kickstarter only gets paid if the project is successful, so they take on risk of having projects not fund, but still having to maintain the site.
james walsh: neither. 5% is taken from the total pledged before it is given to creator (in addition 3-5% is taken for payment processing). after the money is received, ks is no longer involved. if the movie grosses $1 billion, ks gets none of that. (i'm guessing rob thomas will likely only receive a small portion of it.) btw, 'profits' are a fairly complicated thing when it comes to movies, read about 'hollywood accounting' if you want to know more. it's better to talk about revenue.
so, now that the wb has seen fit to take down season 2 from streaming as well (and being as my dvds are, at the moment, being held hostage...): anyone know of other places to stream? or am i off to buy on itunes?
thanks tanya i don't mean to sound pety but i'm on the poor side and i don't mind giving money to a good cause but the idea of even giving $1 to kickstarter just for the prevledge of donating my other money didn't leave a great taste in my mouth i hope you can understand that.
@ james - it comes out of the total funding, we are not charged more.  i am sure they thought of this cost when budgeting and setting goals.
i meant money come from not movie come from,  ha that's the second time iv made that typo this week.
georgia i was reading the kickstarter main page and they get %5 my only question is does thar mean whatever we donate we get charged another %5 automatically or does the movie come from the profits meaning rob has to pay.
just a question about how twitter works - i have only 5 followers, all from here (thank you!!).  do my tweets still help the army (and i don't really know what that means either)...
kickstarter collects 5% of the total. and amazon also collects a processing fee.
i'm saying 18:18 utc
@ e.t, actually, i saw it on the paranormal activity movies and if they do it small and fast....
kickstarter takes 5%; payment processing takes another 3-5% http://www.kickstarter.com/start http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/kickstarter%20basics the money received will be less then the total pledged after the fees because some payments always fail. of course there is also the cost of fulfilling the various rewards although i heard someone claim wb was taking that on.
just backed $60 from australia :) excited for this
what i'd love to see is a flood of $1 donations, just to have that ticker counting up n up n up n up
rob- veronica mars is no longer available to stream on netflix.  is there any way you can help to get it back?  we all need to catch up on all seasons before the move comes out and it would be the easiest way...
we did close to 3,000 in 25 min so another 15 in 75 min if it keeps going this fast and even if it slows a bit i still say 3 hours is a safe bet
it was at 4.982 a half hour ago now 4.985 i'm not mathy magician but pretty sure that tracks as wavy line equal sign 6000 an hour and we should be there by noon pacific, 3 eastern....i... only have a half hour worth of totals though... so...meah
i just tweeted to zachary levy... feel free to copy and paste and post on yours... btw, those 140 characters are a pain. it's bound to hit him in some way. maybe rob thomas knows him... or kristen bell. @jram23
@georgia i think i heard that it was 3% or was it 5%. something like that.
fellow backers, i honestly think we can all get this backer goal. it's been steadily climbing every minute. every little bit helps for the cause. not only am i doing this to get a veronica mars movie, but this honestly changes the game for alot of films that have been trying to get maid. if your friends aren't mars fans, pitch it to them that way! that's how i've been going about it and so far that strategy has worked. the people who are constantly on this board know how important this is. twitter army, lets go!! @dalybear
@e.t. that has to be included in the making of the movie documentary for sure!! :)
i'm with tet at this rate $5mil should be in the bag in less then 3 hours
by the way, in order for a twitter army to work we need to tweet a lot about vm. we need to use #vm, #vmars, #veronicamars, #marshmallows, or any such thing in our tweets. we need to include links to kickstarter, maybe use @robthomas and @imkristenbell and even @kickstarter in our tweets. obviously we can't fit all that in on the same tweet so we need to put some of that in each of our tweets. maybe we should start a #favvmarsmoment or #favvmarsscene topic on twitter as well. just some ideas to get others talking about veronica mars and the looming deadline of april 12.  maybe even mentioning all you need to donate is $1 to be a part of history. that kind of thing will help to get others interested. if we could get vm trending on some level we'd see the numbers shoot up for sure!
does anyone know what % kick starter takes?
i'll take 2:12 edt in the pool.  it might sound optimistic, but it seems to accelerate as we approach the $million milestones.  less than 15 k to go!
i'm just waiting for the moment kb tazers rt. isn't that what was promised if we hit $5m!
wow...this is going to happen very soon!! so excited to reach $5mln. i remember hearing rob speaking about reaching $5mln and thinking it was a bit of a pipe dream...and now here it is...coming true! so happy for the team at veronica mars! this is going to be one spectacular movie!!
oops more like 4pm, can't read my own spreadsheet
looks like we're tracking for $5m around 4:45, might get faster the closer it gets though: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc…
7 hours? we should be there in 2-3 hours at most imo
i think by the time i wake up in 7 hours i think we will have met 5 mil.. anyone agree with me??
was just reading back and for those of you in canada who want to purchase the seasons, i just got season 1 and 2 at hmv for 40$ together, they are 25 separately!!!!! i'm up for twitter army i'm @kristaacl hope everyone has a great day!!! crossing my fingers for 5 million +
what time are you all tweeting later? the links not working for me right now @dalybear
no power in the verse can stop us
browncoats forever baby! let's get this backer up!
could only pledge £1 but i really wanted to get the backer number up. :3
ok.. just reached out to chuck on facebook to see if they are able to help us. i'll keep you posted. @james definitely not dissing firefly. i am a browncoat and more of a whedonite! lol
any guesses as to when we'll hit 5m? i'm going with 2:30pm edt.
cmon people 18 grand away from $5mil lets do this now dont wait for friday
i bet there'll just be a generic "special thanks to kickstarter backers"
76,500 backers? the credits alone would add 20 min to the film lol nice thought tho
i cant wait to watch that final day surge take us past $6 million! :p
@melissa i'd love it if they did that. it would probably be a three hour epic though :-)
hey rob, think maybe you can add the backers names at the end of the film? just a thought...
just checking in to see where we are. @tanya, of course i don't mind. thanks so much :-)
i made a #proudtobeafanof veronica mars pic with a link to kickstarter- feel free to use it or rt guys! (@annikalm ) and you should all join the tweetathon this afternoon for #veronicamarsmovie ( you can find the times at @neptunerising )! spread the word and the love :)
while waiting for the $5m marker, let's watch a love video. http://youtu.be/edueuuyxtgm
trending would take a fair amount of organising, but would be great publicity
@james as per your suggestion i tweeted both trending topics and included veronica mars and a link to kickstarter...hopefully others will do the same. help get the word out. actually if we all tweeted our love of vm as well as leaving comments here we might possibly get vm trending. that would be a huge way to help get the necessary extra backers.
@ gina - that is awesome!
having a little spreasheet nerd fun as we march toward $5m & 87,143! https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc… what are some personal fave songs from the vm seasons? @ginacatto
won't be too long now! 5 million bucks, puts a smile on the face. :)
ok, this list is thanks to carole a.  (hope she does not mind, i copied her previous comment) "all right gang, here’s the updated list. for those not in the know what follows are the twitter handles for the backers that have elected to share their info in the hopes that you would follow. if you’d like to be included in an updated list just include your handle and i’ll add you later @caroleantoine – carole @plane_crazee – jon benavides @sidfinch – michael southwick @eden_zr -- antonia garcia @dalybear – christopher daly @scgirl_at_heart – holly m @sdtyree – stephanie @devilwoman77 – l catherine houck @roguescribner – michael @annikalm – annika michler @tanyabidwell – tanya @karenvmars -- karen @kattressa – kate @jdivener – jason @jessalb – jessica @backupismydog @kriker17 – kathryn @jram23 - jose" big thanks to carole a. for compiling this list!
@andrea i saw what you back. i'm curious what it will be at the end.
@gabriele, you have backed some great projects! my name is @canandrea  (not sure if twitter is case sensitive!!)
@andrea tell me your twitter name? like to be your first follower. thanks for backing sue and rico.
@james that's an excellent idea!! we should definitely do that!!
going for lunch i expect 5mil when i get back people
i just signed up for twitter. how do i join the army?
@james i don't think he is dissing firefly, just saying that because it is unlikely that they will get another movie made, that they may not be as willing to help out this project. of course there will be fans of both shows who are already backers anyway (like me!)
heres a funny idea..... add veronica mars to any and all apropriate currently trending topics on twitter i see 2 that would work right off the bat #wecantbefriendsif your not a veronica mars fan and #proudtobea veronicamars fan
@james i don't think jose was dissing anyone, just saying that whedon has already said there's no way he's going to try to kickstart any of his projects for at least the next several years while he's busy with all his movie stuff.
dont be dissing firefly there are browncoats among you jose (slaps on his brown coat)
did i just hear twitter army? i'm down @dalybear
fb profile picture and banner changed. i am glad they organised the pictures instead of me having to try to create one!
@melissa, that really sucks, but go you for looking at the bright side!
@wai-yin, that's brilliant! thanks for sharing! re the missing record-breaking backers, we're not retrieving a nuclear warhead here, just a couple of 10.000+ backers, it's cake :p common marshmallows, we can do it.
@jose: i'm in- there's supposed to be a tweetathon for #veronicamarsmovie today anyway- maybe you could use that to get tons of rt?! @melissa: i'm sorry, that really sucks :(
@melissa, thats so awful, but still you are looking on the bright side, vm fans are the best!
@kate: it does suck. :( but the weather where i am is really nice right now!! (must stay positive, right?)
@melissa i'm so sorry. :(
my car got broken into last night so i'm bummed out, ...but at least we're almost to $5 million for vm!!!!  woot! we can do it!!
i think so... i could hit up chuck on facebook but in order to hit zachary levy to rt our tweet will take an army. so how about it army?? and firefly won't work because joss already squashed that idea.
@julia,  i recived an e-mail from amazon payment stating that they recived my pledge, but i wasn't asked to verifie the mail, though this is what always happenes, but my account activity of the past month is empty, although i guess it's because i haven't been charged yet, anyways, thank you for your help
two and a half days to go and we're less than $25,000 from $5 million!  woo hoo!!!
@jose i think that is a great idea- you should definitely go ahead and give it a try :) nothing to lose!
for you obsessive veronica mars kickstarter counter watchers, here are stats about the final week. http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/final_week
@maayan the only thing i would check is if your amazon payments account is verified. this might not be an issue with sending, but i know you have to give them your ssn to receive payments. (i was trying to send a friend a birthday gift through amazon payments so she could up her pledge, and it wouldn't let me until she had confirmed her identity.) go to https://payments.amazon.com/ and see if they have any warnings about needing information.
@julia, yes, i have ordered from amazon us many times and never had a problem
@jose i already know fans from legend of the seeker fandom who are supporting this project in the hope that it is successful and will make the likelihood of other shows that were cancelled too early to have another avenue to explore. no harm in asking other fandoms for their help. chuck is also a great show...and firefly, and many other 'fringe' shows that don't always get as much recognition as mainstream shows.
@mansah, thanks, it does say that i'm a backer and i keep getting updates, but i think i will send an e-mail,
jose while i personally am not a fan of chuck i do like your idea of cross promotion. let them help us now helps them later
@maayan do you know if your pledge is going through a us amazon account? if so, i would guess it's fine.
$26,000 and counting!
im so excited!!! i've waited 4eva 4diz! i want both shirtzzz! i'll b. waiting 2sea when i can order! love, baby stagg
read my comment! to help us break the record!!!!!!!!!!!!
good morning everyone... so i got a crazy idea and i apologize if someone has thought of it already. but my mind usually works best a couple days before deadlines... hmmm... i guess my college days aren't so far behind... anyway, focus. i think we should hit the fan boards for chuck and/or pushing daisies... but especially chuck. zachary levy, from chuck, saw the success for vm and wants to do the same thing to make chuck into a movie. chuck is own by the wb as well so i thought if we could tell chuck fans to help us break the record... it helps them get their attention and could help their fans (and me... love chuck) get a movie realized. it will benefit both sides.  thoughts?? maybe we could tweet zachary levy to rt a message to help vm break the record.
@maayan, i think if it has gone through it won't be a problem (i had a similar issue before they included my country), but you can always email and ask...
ok, maybe this was already covered, but i'm still a little comfused. i pleged 50$ for the project, but i'm from israel.  i gave an address in the us that the prises can be shiped to, but from what i understood, the problem was to get the money from people over seas (beside the 20 contries that were add) so am i a backer or not?
@leslie  i will let you know, but i have $1000 tickets and won't give them up unless i can get the same for la or ny.  i think the new openings are premiere only...
good morning everyone (and a very special good morning to our dear logan house pledges :d)
watching to see it hit $5 mil getting excited http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.com/2013/03/veronica-mars-movie.html
@andrea, just look into my profile or twitter @gabkasch
@susan, good news re: t-shirts: http://twitpic.com/ch9alh
forgive me if this has already been covered, i want to request that t-shirts are offered in both women's and men's cut/sizes - the unisex styles are never flattering to women and therefore are hardly worn and i very much want to be able to wear this shirt.  so excited by the enthusiasm for this project!
i just finished all 3 seasons and it felt like a reunion with an old friend cant wait for the movie
@andrea. will you let me know if you drop the austin tickets (ny and la are opening up 50 spots)
so proud to be part of this amazing project! veronica mars ftw!!
@gabriele  what is enrico's other project?  i would love to support a fellow canadian!
excited i can now say less than 30 thousand left until we reach 5mil!! plus on friday we should have a huge jump with the extra surprises opening up.
@balabanto think i can imagine what project makers are going through. i back another project with enrico colantoni which is going as long as this one. it must be opressive watching the one talking about millions and others not reaching some 10k.
ob·sess 1. to dominate or preoccupy the thoughts, feelings, or desires of (a person); beset, trouble, or haunt persistently or abnormally. 2. to think about something unceasingly or persistently; dwell obsessively upon something. hmmm this sounds a little familiar. can't. stop. watching. counter.  what's wrong with me i'm supposed to be working!
@ashley   thanks, that makes me feel better!  $5 million today sometime?
@kdesche remember that only 44 percent of projects make it. to have a 50 percent chance, you have to have a dedicated fanbase, and consider that there's only about 3 people writing for this system on a yearly basis. i have my doubts about the next one making it. the charity one after that will succeed. charity projects always do very well.
@thomas what a great article. thanks for sharing! @balabanto wow that sounded extremely stressful! i'm glad we'll meet (and surpass) rob's true goal of $5mln+ well before the final minutes.
@kdesche anyone who has ever run one of these things can't stop watching the counter. when i ran mine (which made it, though not in nearly as prodigious a manner as this) the last 24 hours were hell on wheels. i literally took a day off from work to push and give people little tidbits. we made 5000 or so against 4500. the key is getting the word out. for what i was doing, the built in fanbase of the system i was writing for was already excited about the project. it wasn't hard to get about half of it. the rest was pretty tough. we revealed art to backers only, we gave out free t-shirts to high level backers. (we will sell more shirts afterwards. they look pretty cool) but the most important thing about any kickstarter is the level of personal investment you're willing to make. it's the commitment. i'm amazed at what rob has been able to accomplish with only 18 updates. mine had close to 50.
a mention of this project in a boston globe article about kickstarter on tuesday: http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/specials/2013/04/08/pardon-pal-can-you-spare-for-kickstarter-project/zqgxxjpxo9zffyykyeqnvi/story.html
imagine how sleep deprived rob and the cast must be....if we can't stop watching the counter i'm sure they can't either!
@andrea we have been averaging about $10,000 overnight in the states, so we actually had a pretty good night at $21,000
for some reason i had it in my head when i went to bed at 11pm et that we would be at $5 million when i woke up.  :(
@isabelle do you not know anyone who lives in the us or canada who could pledge with your name?
any news about how the t-shirts will look in europe? in the "project update #14" mail, it said: "...the t-shirts for backers in europe might be slight variations. through the mysterious wonders of trademark law, we actually might not be able to use the words "veronica mars" on them."
is it just me that experience going into a black hole of loss and utter annoyance when watching the final episode? loss due to - the end. and annoyance due to - never knowing what happened next.. but now, finally, after hoping and wishing and wondering, it is happening. we will know what happened in neptune. and i for one, can't wait!!!!!
so it looks like we need 174 new backers each hour for the next 63 hours to make our goal. that's doable right? i'm debating paying my non vmars friends $2 to donate $1 online. lol
@isabelle, i know, it's very sad. it's probably nothing that couldn't have been ironed out -with time, because if it is sag union rules it's probably not something you can snap your fingers and sort in a day -or even a month.... hey, you win some, you lose some... i just hope others who are able feel tempted to splurge, we need to make all the actors' voices hoarse, not just kb's:p
jumping onto a conversation that happened hours ago :') i can't think of a favourite episode but i keep rewatching a scene in the second to last episode of season 2 where beaver is trying to teach weevil algebra - "so let's say that you and your buddy, you want to buy a twelve pack of a certain item. say, like, um, like spark plugs for x amount of dollars......" "if this is your idea of terms i'll understand, i'm going to kill you."
come on 5 million!!!
no comiccon nyc?
sag union rules?
i would have loved one of those voicemail messages, but i'm in europe... and i really don't see why this reward is only open to us and canada residents. i mean, why is it not possible to send an mp3 file anywhere in the world? it's not like there's a copyright issue or anything :-(
for anyone hoping that the logan-related offer today will involve a (personalised) inspirational message, have you considered that the 15 second voicemail already on offer might do the trick? (obviously it would require 350 dolloars and to be a us/canada resident, but still) also, we hit 76.000 while i was sleeping, argh!!! this is too exciting,,,
5 million by 1 p.m. pacific 4 p.m. eastern tomorrow.
@tiger i'd prefer to just hope i'm wrong.... if you want the spoiler, my email is phil@thebreakroombilliards.com  you can ask for it... i'll send it and some minor guesses in a word document.
well, no one has to read it if they don't want to.  there was this guy who uploaded this youtube video that examined and pretty much predicted the reveals of the season 4 finale of breaking bad.  everyone gave him shit for it.  i didn't think walter would do that.  but he was right.
@tiger.... i'll do it but i pretty much don't want to screw it up for anyone, nor do i feel like catching b.s. for being not remotely right.. the biggest bombshell is probably something everyone has guessed.
hey phil, can you put your theories in a text file and then upload it somewhere?  i kinda want to see how right you are after i see the movie.
i'm so happy to see 5.3 and 87142 are very possible.
check google shopping.  sometimes the obscure stores i find on there don't deliver, but you can't argue with those prices when they do.
harvbooks is currently selling season 1 for $21 (shipping included), so check that out if you're interested.
@lucas i don't remember what i paid for the first two seasons, but i only paid $20 for season 3 at costco in 2007.  amazon is currently offering season 2 for $23, so at least that one isn't so bad.
i just picked up the seasons for $22.98 (australian dollars - so almost the same price in american$) each. bargain!  season 1 already been rewatched in 3 days and now out on loan to spread the word  :)
the veronica mars seasons have always been crazy expensive.  i remember i paid a good $55 for season one, when it was first released.  and the new ones are like $60! wish they were blu-rays.  but if you love something enough, you'll be more than willing to pay for it i suppose.  which is why i broke down and donated $275 to this kickstarter.  i want that damn signed poster!
i'm not sure why 3 is so expensive compared to season 1 and 2...i would like the thinner one but it's more also. i'm assuming that's the one you would get with the pledge but who knows
i had no idea they just released new sets last year.  but they should be cheaper, not more expensive.  and there should be plenty of stock, so what the hell's goin on?
for the backers who get the three seasons on dvd, will these be the newly updated dvd sets? the slim cases that were released in 2012. at least i'm assuming they are slimmer.  looks that way from pictures.  take a look on amazon. http://www.amazon.com/veronica-mars-complete-second-season/dp/b00andr1fq
the reason i asked is because i was late to watching vm, so i knew that i should be expecting some love sometime in the series...but still loved that scene!
@emma - yes i was. the viewer was as surprised as the characters by the kiss. i think that made the scene work so well.
@tigernightmare. i know. i think of it as one of those 'sucker punch' moments. i should have known it was going to culminate in that, but i just didn't. it blindsided me. i thought both actors did a great job. i really felt the emotion in that scene.
i just saw a commercial where directv are showing some movies on ppv on the same day as their theater premiere?  do you think they will do something like that with veronica mars?
i too loved the pilot, just watched all three seasons over easter but had to watch it again yesterday. now i'm watching another fav. s2e22. the things you can do instead of work...love procrastination
@dimity right?  that scene sold me as a lifelong admirer of kristen bell's ability.
@tigernightmare - the  "because you're my sister!!" scene is still one of those moments in tv that is so vivid for me. i mean, even though it was alluded to in the previous episodes, the 'reality' of it was so intense. it is in my top five of the most memorable scenes i've ever seen in a show.
i'd be surprised if people weren't surprised.
another question, were you guys surprised by the first love kiss?
sounds like you have some re-watching to do then tiger :)
@emma the pilot, the lilly tribute video, the one with "because you're my sister!!", the one with the first love kiss and she goes, "what are you doing?" and the season finale.  i can't remember a lot from season 2 and 3, though.
yeah- logan house- i'm so moving in :)
c'mon 76006, give us some sugar...
texted a picture of the counter to a friend and she replied that we are so getting a submarine and a hobbit.
1 $500 slot available
just passed 76,000! it is mezmerizing.
@emma, for me it's the whole first season. can't stop watching it once i get started. and we just hit 76.
yes 76k i can go to bed thank you one and all
7600...1!
teah 76000
make that 2 then i can sleep haha
to keep all of you sleepy americans awake (and everyone else), what's your favorite vm episode? or top 3...if you can't.
oh what the heck...we are almost there...no way i'm going to sleep before 76 k now.
it would be a pretty awesome birthday present if we beat the backer record. here's hoping!
four people away from 76,000!!!
i sooo wanna stay up till 76,000 but the counts slowing and i'm starting to fade.
i just want to say that fans of tv shows are amazing, especially cult shows like vm or chuck, they will find a way!!!!!!!!!   i was not shocked at all that this raised so much money so quickly, fans are willing to do what ever it takes just to see our favorite characters back on the screen.  i love being part of a community like this and proud to call myself a fan.  congrats to all of the backer on a job well done :) we did it!!!!!!!!! veronica mars: the movie coming in 2014
69 hrs....dun dun dun
wish i could stay up to watch the counter hit 76,000...
i just finished (re)watching all 3 seasons today.. and i forgot that was how it ended - makes me so much happier about getting another shot of v mars! i wish i could have some v mars in my life every week again.. but i will take anything i can get. can't wait for the movie to be made!   the only other show i would love to see do this would be chuck.
well yeah, i agree that the dvd/bds are just going to be the mass-produced ones that anyone can buy.
i could very well be wrong, but i really wouldn't think that they'd even want to have the documentary to be backer exclusive. i'd be shocked if there was more than one version of the dvd/blu-ray.
@tiger i do think we're only getting exclusivity with the t-shirts, though. because rt hasn't mentioned the dvd's as being different for backers.
i am so excited for this! yes, i pledged the $35 so i will have the digital copy of the movie..but i really hope it hits a theater around me so i can see it on the big screen..and i will probably buy the dvd when it comes out too. ive been waiting for this for forever...now i have to go have myself a marathon :)
i think we basically just effectively hit $5mil guaranteed (barring some horror story of tons of cold feet at the last second, which i wouldn't expect). the 100 tickets on friday should bring in $50,000 for sure (even more if people are coming in as fresh donors or moving way up in pledge).
@michael oh, i don't know about that.  if the film really is a limited release, it's likely to make much more money on home video than it will at the arthouses.
@ ep, i'd imagine the dvds/bds they send to backers will be the same ones available commercially after the movie premieres.  it'd be silly to have two different versions of the disc for home video, especially when there won't be much demand for them (compared to huge blockbuster movies, anyway).
my boss probably won't like it if i skip work tomorrow to watch the counter reach 5m, so here's to us for being freaking awesome! :)
5 million is more likely at 2 pm edt.
put me down for a mug.   5 mil...i forget, does this mean we get a hobbit or a submarine?
does anyone if the documentary with be included with the dvds sold later?  i plan on buying the dvd later and i really want to see the documentary as well.  i'm already donating way more than i can really afford right now, so i can't up my pledge to include the dvd....
finally upgraded to $50 =)
okay, peeps.  i fully expect us to be at more than 78,000 backers and $5 million when i wake up.  hop to it! :)
that just sounds so bad, hong. i did an internet search with google fiber. and now i flush all the time!!!!
and rob is getting google fiber, too...
i just had to check in before i went to bed.  so close...
and there's still a 5,000 dollar slot left. i don't know anyone who will be taking that. i sure can't. i'm tapped out.
yesterday and today were pretty close in terms of $, but backer numbers rose quite a bit more! that bodes well for tomorrow :)
$500 opened up...
this may come across as incredibly presumptuous and forward, and i almost hope i've learned a little bit of sass from veronica...but i would love to be able to help this movie in any way possible! (even if it's tape logging or finding a costume or whatever).
also its very cool that its going by hour now and not day, forgot to add that to my last post
yeah, i agree with others - cliff should make an appearance and vinnie too. i loved those guys.  oh and please a positive ending for love in the movie. please...
ok heres my estimates for tonight.  it seems we picked up steam here cuz we now only need about 2.7 backers per min every min till then end when last night at this time we needed 3 per second it doesnt seem like a big diff but over the course of the next 71 hours it adds up to better odds for us breaking the last record specially considering last night we had only 1 backer ever other min now we have about 1.5 per minute. we still have a ways to go but it looks like we have at least a chance at that last record
ur maths right on michelle it will be 3am saturday for you when its 1pm friday for me. sorry took me so long im also doing tonights estimates
yeah. we're into the hour marker. less than 3 days left. make them count, everyone.
thanks james currently wednesday 1.13pm
i think we will hit five mil tomorrow!
michelle tell me what time it is for u right now and ill do the math by the way its counting down by hours now not days, 71 and counting... my nightly estimates to follow shortly
what does 1pm est equate to here in australia? 3.00am saturday?
omg, we are so close to the end.
71 hours!!!
maybe this was mentioned before.... backer stats is tied to email so if you have more than one email address....  just saying the best gift you gave give to a friend is to back vm in their name, ykwim!
well, we should hit 5 million before the end easily. i just wish we could hit 6.
love it! i'd totally pledge logan house!!  also, who wouldn't live drinking a great cup of joe out of a veronica mars coffee mug. i have been waiting a vm movie for years. my dvd set is getting worn out. thankfully, vm joined soapnet!!
yay, we hit 11,000 comments. we might hit 76,000 backers by midnight pacific time.
actually before i go to bed, i changed my profile pic to me at the love statue in nyc. just to show my love. :) @craig you make a good point. alright, i'm really going to bed now. :)
@jason agree.
awesome tagline kate, but i dont think the jackass will ever be 100% completely gone (nor would i want him to be). ;)
night @kate! getting ready to head to bed myself!
night.
@kate well said i still hope we get a little of that obligatory psychotic jackass in the movie mixed with the much more mature sensitive/slightly overprotective better half of our sassy teen sleuth of course. lolol wow that was an hand full. o_o
@sarah thank you. :) i think tomorrow morning we'll hit 5 million. it's getting late on the east coast, night marshmallows. remember, rob's getting tasered..... maybe. :)
@kate, unless your budget is tight i'd seriously consider getting both.  you'll need something to wear when the noir tee is in the wash right.
@kate - love that!!
love the love for logan! such a great, complex character, acted to perfection by jason dohring!
wish i could stay up to watch this roll over the big 5 mill.  oh well, it will be  pleasant to wake up to it in the morning.  good night fellow marshmellows.  may you all dream your perfect version of the movie.
watching the counter is addictive!
*obligatory psychotic jackass turned sensitive/slightly overprotective better half of our sassy teen sleuth. nancy drew and ned nickerson got nothing.
i wonder if they will open up the offer to those of us outside of the us....
i left my computer up for one of the students at my school who is a fan to come see the shirts while i was at lunch...she left a note that said "that man is amazing!" love that student for getting it!
ooh....8 comments from 11,000!
now i really can't wait for comic con!
yay gotta love the ladies that love logan. :)
not just yellow. jackass yellow.
i should go to sleep but i can't stop watching the counter.
haha @michelle! i've wanted an caterers dice vm, but the gas mileage is horrible and i work 30 minutes from home!
a yellow xterra!
love the logan house :)
wondering if you've considered coming to supanova pop culture expo in melbourne, australia at all? i know we'd love to have you here! so happy to be a part of this amazing kickstarter, and can't wait for the movie!
the logan house has a nice ring to it. ^_^ yes @l yes lol
ahh!! a logan centric offer?!? i hope its not something completely unattainable (without maxing out a cc) otherwise i'll be bummed. i do however wish there was some sort of vm store that would exist after the ks ends so we can contribute more as funds come up. i'd love some mars investigation gear! i'd love some pens, i'm a sucker for a great pen :)
the logan house.....lol. love it!
@kate @stephanie i'm stoked to see what the logan-related offer is too!
@kate more money give it to them
on a side note, i'm leaning towards the california noir shirt, just because i know i would wear it. i'm unsure if i should get both. thoughts?
"lilly:the fact they are reading our comments is scary lololol!!!" hmmmmmm..... oh dear....
...and the $200 pledge is gone, wow that was quick lol
@kate i completely agree! we definitely have to stick together. selfishly i'm hoping its nothing huge that i can't afford! i'd rather have a logan inspirational message something that is affordable than see something amazing that is beyond my financial capabilities!
oh hey everybody. i got caught up watching my guilty pleasure, hart of dixie, but i'm back. (damn you cw, you roped me in) @stephanie i know right? :d it's exciting. i feel like us logan fangirls are part of some big virtual sorority. the logan house, if you will. :) @lilly hey girl hey :) @tanya i will save my swooning for tomorrow. if it's some trip to meet jason dohring that i can't afford i'll just be sad.
@ stephanie - thanks for the reminder!  i love that show!
have you considered coming to fan expo in toronto this summer?   as a canadian fan we would live to have you here.
@kdesche totally love ryan! speaking of season 3 of burning love starts this friday, starring ryan and ken!
hello @kate hahaha
@ kate - i think i almost swooned :)
rob if you're reading this, if we reach 5 million are you going to let kristen tase you??!!!! lolol
@kate i feel we have the same response to any logan-related news!
i also want to send some love to ryan and enrico! totally love them too :))
@stephanie what an excellent idea! yes they should live stream comiccon for those of us who can't attend! that would be an awesome way to get a few more backers...would love that! i'd totally go for a mars investigation mug or veronica mars calendar. i'd totally back that swag sight unseen :))
squeal!!!!!!!!!!!! logan-related offer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$200 pledge opened up :)
i really want to be around when we hit 5 million.
what if the logan additional offer is an inspirational message of the day? o_o or not lol
$80,989 was today's total! can't wait to see tomorrow's!!!!!!!!! i can't believe i'll probably sleep through hitting $5 million but i must be awake for work in the morning...
are veronica and logan going to be a couple in the movie? i hope so.
didn't kristen bell say she'd taze rob if they reached $5m? cuz we're getting pretty close!
yay mars investigations coffee mugs to buy ~ can't wait!!  how about white ones that says marshmallow or something ~ that'd be cool too!!
i just sent a tweet to rob.... 4,859 posters to sign so far.  that's insane.  everyone is going to be so exhausted after that. lol i'm @scgirl_at_heart on twitter
at first i was like "how could they leave it to the last minute??" but now i'm thinking its going to create all this amazing hype for the last day :) smart move rob!! friday is going to be an entertaining day.
i'm just hoping ill be able to find the comic-con footage, like i have in the past, or that they stream the panel for backers?!?!?
i didn't think i could get more excited about going to comic con this year....turns out i can! july is too far away!
i would like to ask if there's any news from asia availability??
right on @samantha
omg afsdfdfszfzftrdf comic con! it's my first ever sdcc; i don't care what the reward is, i'm buying it! hopefully i'm not too busy at work when they post the update tomorrow...
i just wanted to say a big thank you to rob thomas, kristen bell and jason dohring. this whole project is so far and away beyond what we would normally expect of a producer and cast, and i really appreciate the amount of work you have put in for us, your fans. before this project i had never even heard the term marshmallow, but now i'm happy to say that i am one...for life. thank you!
the fact they are reading our comments is scary lololol!!! ^_^  comic con!!!!!! yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hope the tickets are non-transferable name only on-call list.  the last thing we need is asshole scalpers looking for a payday.
i suppose it's possible that folks with lesser level rewards now buy up for the premiere, and leave the lesser levels without back-fill backers...which is to say, they will get a surge of cash on the last day for sure, but it might not be 75,000 just from premieres, if people buy up (wish i could!).
oh, well that's a big bump for sure.
we've had a new update... let the pledging commence!
@tiger they are adding them on friday--
nope, they aren't on sale until friday - so folks had a chance this time.
wait, did they add the new premiere slots already or are they already sold out?
if they sell out as quickly as they did before, that will be a nice $75,000 boost right at the end.
wondering what the offer for the "logan fans" is? so curious!
i think they were holding out on those extra premiere tickets.  which is smart.
agh--wish i was going to comic-con :(
rob just posted an update with more premier tix.   s maybe we will see a surge on friday to get more folks to edge. :-). yea.
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-daily hey guys, sadly i think we might not make the backers record, unless something crazy happens on the last day and those 12,000 people that have been waiting on the sidelines decide to join in on the fun. but it's cool either way, because i know we've done an awesome job coming together as fans to support something we believe in. if you check out the kicktraq trends, we might make it to 5.4 million dollars!! of course that's a trend and not a projection and it might not come true. but that's excellent news and i think more money would be even better than more backers (as long as all those people that didn't/couldn't donate watch and support the movie after is done!!). anyway, the next couple of days are going to be crazy as we reach 5 million dollars and the end of the funding part of this project, so i just really wanted to say that it's been great to be a part of this and meet awesome people like you guys that love the show as much as i do. it's nice to know that i'm not the only marshmallow in the campfire!
for all your tracking purposes graphs etc check http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/
i clearly have too much time on my hands (and i'm avoiding writing a paper) but i just did the math. since the $1 tier was added and the goal of breaking the backers record was set, there have been an average of 1,425 new backers a day (not counting today). if you take out the first two days when there was a bigger surge, the average is just over 1,300. if all the days that were less than that from day 1 were raised to an average of 1,300, we would currently be at 85,765, and very easily within reach of the record. :(
i can't believe we are almost a 5 million!!! i'm so grateful to be apart of this. its been awesome reading the comments being left here, it really shows how many people are excited about this
omgosh! almost 5 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sorry, the date fur the tweetathon is tomorrow april. 10
if on twitter, join our crew @neptunerising for a tweetathon to get the word out. starting at 2pm pacific. it's going to be extra awesome! -rose
two of the $200 tier opened up.
going by the mars investigation website daily totals, the campaign has been getting an average of $68,000+ per day for the last week, which is approximately what we need to make to get to $5m.  so i bet we do it tomorrow - that doesn't even account for any updates or final-days-surge.
i'm feeling like we will hit 5 million tomorrow!!! can't wait!!
@kdesche thanks
nice!! 75,500 backers!! upwards and onwards!
@ashley if you are in the the us then $25 more...if you are outside the us then you have to add $10 for shipping so $35 total.
i don't want to miss the rollover to $5mln! this is so awesome to be a part of such a supportive and positive group...and might i add patient :)
hey marshmellows i pledged near the start of the project to get the tshirt. how much do we need to back to get both tshirts?
it's looking like we're going to making $79k-80k for the day again.
i just doubled my pledge.  love the updates. vm fans are the best!
@stephanie, i totally get it. i have over 10 favorite shows that were cancelled. :(
this is such an incredible thing to be a part of.  i'm really happy to see that fans will actually get what they want.  it is always disappointing to see favorite shows cancelled and wonder why executives did not see the value the fans did.
@jason, sorry.
@carole, hey actually my twitter is @jdivenere, you left an e out at the end :-)
we may not outdo yesterday in terms of cash, but we seem to be ahead of the pace in terms of backers. way to spread the word, everyone!
@chantel_addison (maitland australia)
they need to update their facebook page! there's 317,000.00 like son that page but it doesn't really have up to date project information. it's definitely worth it to stay on top of social media!!
i can not wait for this movie! it is a long time coming and i love that there are so many vm fans out there! this is unbelieveable!
@melissa: i'll be here!
@leslie: ah, ok. i just hope this page doesn't become a ghost-town as soon as the project ends! i have a feeling though, that with over 75,000 fans and backers, at least a few will stick around here. i hope! :)
wait....did the wb just take down season 2 from streaming, too? lame.
they keep the page active but funded after the projects due date is passed - some of my older projects are still doing updates and receiving comments
when this is over (the ks project, i mean) the page will be taken down, yes? so, where am i supposed to connect with my fellow marshmallows in the world?
@ monica- i second that.  please have cliff!
i've really enjoyed the daily updates and commentary.  i'm kind of bummed it's over in 3 days.  rob and kb should make some sort of site or forum for discussion and updates.
never thought a vmars movie could happen. i was totally wrong. when i heard about the ks campaign, i just needed to help somehow, but spain was out of sight and odds were we'd never make the list of the countries shipped to. wrong again. rob included us in the second update (after canada)... hooray! thanks rob. thanks kristen. please, let cliff be in the movie, prettyplease!!
@tigernightmare lol @ your bartering skills! i traded a $1 pledge for 5gb of online storage through the copy app. gotta do what we gotta do to beat double fine!
i didn't realize we are close to 11,000 comments.
@henna thanks :)
it seems like we have did about two thousand in the last 15 minutes.
i didn't think we would hit 5mil, but now it's possible for sure. so proud to be apart of this with you guys!
@ashley anything is better than the last two winters we had in ct...lol
@annika gute nacht! (american living in poland)
backed the project with 110 dollars today.
awww danke tanya!
gutennacht annika!
to all on twitter and @carly: great idea- i made a #proudtobeafan pic for veronica- feel free to use it (@annikalm) and don't forget- tweetathon tomorrow #veronicamarsmovie good night from germany!
@matt mueller and every other backer: *offers high five* :d
@stephanie i opened an account for my husband and pledged 10$ with no reward just to support the cause.
anyone want in on skype right now?
@holly  i'm not on twitter - i'm a bit afraid of it actually.  but i think this is a good reason to get over my fear! my sister and i are doing splitting two packages as well.  i'm guessing we will never have another chance to do something like this so we might as well get everything we want! well unless this campaign actually does open the floodgates for revival of other shows cancelled too soon.  which would be awesome, but expensive!
@shannonq thanks. been a fan of vm for a while and just thrilled that us marshmallows can take part in helping make the movie!
@ashley/tanya/holly  just googled 50 degrees to get celcius - that's basically early spring or late fall weather here, so not too bad at all!
3 seasons and a movie. 5 million dollars is so close. i want to hug rob thomas and give everyone at kickstarter a high five. this is going to be a long year of waiting, but at least it gives me something to look forward to.
@rahila begum. you're awesome! every single little bit helps.
great idea carly
hey guys, i commented a while a few times back, and i read comments on here like everyday! lol this is pretty amazing how well this project is going. i noticed on twitter that #proudtobefanof is trending. we should all mention this campaign including #veronicamars or something so more people can see it. idk just a thought! anyway keep it up!
whoop, finally backed this! $1 is not so much but it's all i could spend at the moment... every little helps right? :d
@kate and @michael--i'm kinda two backers. i made my sister an account and backed on her behalf to get her the t-shirt! i have all my students thinking i am insane, but a couple are getting really excited on my behalf. i even think i have convinced a few more into watching the show and going to see the movie when it is released! when we hit 75,000 today i was still at work and had a student in my room waiting for his mom, and he was having just as much fun as i was watching the ticker go up! i also have a few girls who are already fans and are freaking out with me!
definitely! i'm impatient so once they released the t shirt designs i created an extra account so i could get both, plus one more for my sis. then they came out with the update about how to get an extra tee. and i just said meh, i'll keep my extra pledges in there
kb just tweeted at me yo marshmallows! #veronicamarsmovie tweetathon on wednesday! follow @neptunerising too!
@kate and michael, this is truly an amazing project. i just hope they reach their goal of becoming the biggest project ever...
@cornelia: ha, i'm actually 3 backers at this point. lol
@stephanie: that should cause a decent spike in support :)
@cornelia me too. :)
yay!! my new credit card came in time!  i upped my pledge $20 to help out with shipping. can't wait for the ticker to hit 5 million!!
i am two backers. lol. just unearthed my old account and added another pledge. yeah, we're insane like that.
thanks again carole!
@tigernightmare tiger nightmare, younare in violation of the too much information act of 1964, and it's corollary law, the way too much information act of 1967. :)
@tiger. uh not gonna happen buddy...lol
kristen's tweeting about pledging a $1--hope that helps the total :)
you can find my twitter handle if you check through the last 8,000 comments or so.
take 2. ignore that really sloppy list. let's try this again. all right gang, here’s the updated list. for those not in the know what follows are  the twitter handles for the backers that have elected to share their info in the hopes that you would follow. if you’d like to be included in an updated list just include your handle and i’ll add you later @caroleantoine – carole	 @plane_crazee – jon benavides @sidfinch – michael southwick @eden_zr  -- antonia garcia @dalybear – christopher daly @scgirl_at_heart – holly m @sdtyree – stephanie  @devilwoman77 – l catherine houck @roguescribner – michael  @annikalm – annika michler @tanyabidwell – tanya @karenvmars -- karen @kattressa – kate @jdivener – jason  @jessalb – jessica @backupismydog @kriker17 – kathryn  @jram23 - jose
all right gang, here’s the updated list. for those not in the know what follows are the twitter handles for the backers that have elected to share their info in the hopes that you would follow them. if you’d like to be included in an updated list just include your handle in the comments section and i’ll add you.  @caroleantoine – carole				@adriannemcadoo – adrianne mcadoo @plane_crazee – jon benavides			@annikalm – annika michler @sidfinch – michael southwick			@tanyabidwell – tanya @eden_zr  -- antonia garcia			@karenvmars -- karen @dalybear – christopher daly			@kattressa – kate @scgirl_at_heart – holly m				@jdivener – jason  @sdtyree – stephanie 				@jessalb – jessica @devilwoman77 – l catherine houck		@backupismydog @roguescribner – michael 				@kriker17 – kathryn  @jram23 – jose
well, i just got a hungarian friend of mine to pledge $1 in exchange for looking at a weird nipple tattoo.
@ holly - i would be going if i could have gotten off work :/  oh well, i will be there in marshmallow spirit!
@ andrea - austin is generally cold in january with snow/rain/mix every so often (like on average 2 inches of precipitation).  but it is texas cold = 40's - 60's for the highs, and 20-30's for the lows.  there are obviously extremes that can occur, but i am betting most from a more northern local would say the weather is awesome!
@holly and andrea: i'm in austin, and generally we have pretty mild winters. usually highs in the mid-60s and lows in the mid 40s in january and february. we do get the occasional ice storm, but it is pretty rare (1 every 5 years or so).
are you on twitter, andrea?
@andrea, i hear the weather is austin is beautiful.  i see that they are now saying january for the movie premiere, so i'll have to research. :) i'm actually in ga, and my friend is coming from wa.  we split the 1000 package, and then so she would get the goodies, we split a 200 dollar package. :)
@holly  the other factor is the weather - are you from austin?  is it nice there in january?  i think a longer trip might be worth it if it meant escaping the winter in toronto...  but la would probably nicer too and i've never been to either city (and would love to!).  it will be hard to decide if i end up having a choice.  any advice?
@andrea, i hope you're able to switch, but if not, i look forward to seeing you there! :)
come on 5 mil is right around the corner !!! go team vm :)
i am so excited, vm is so close to 5 millions!!! :)))
just upped my pledge! can't wait for the movie!!
@holly i will be, if i can't switch to la or ny ($1000 level) - turns out there are no direct flights from toronto to austin!
just noticed there's a la premiere slot open if anyone's interested
@phil last night's update came at 9pm cst, and the night before it came around 7pm cst
getting late in the evening for the update... at least on the east coast...
i hope the update today take us up to 5 million today.
who will be at the austin premiere?
less than 88k to make $5 million! :)
and i missed 75,000 backers.  oh well.
@carole :-( no love! just kidding. i really want to get into the $600 category..anyone currently in there thinking of dropping out?
@jon and everbody: i'm a tweeting, twittering, twitter-girl now! "follow me" at soyaunaqui.  i'm a late bloomer, so i'm still figuring out the technicalities of it (like how to remove the stupid, sideways profile pic that makes me look like a ninety year-old "finding her way" in the internet world), but soon, i'll be "tweeting" with the best of them. on our way to 5 million! go go go!
just taking a break from work to belatedly say... woohoo! 75k!
yikes...that's still quite a lot!
and now it's already 75.017! rob started tweeting :)
12145 to go!
awesome!
75.000! who was it?
yay!!
75,000!
yay! 75,000 backers! :)
75.000 amazing!!!
one more to 75k!
yeah!
doesn't someone want to be # 75,000?
1?
1
2 :)
5!! come on marshmallows!
6!!
8
9
finished watching the whole series early this morning...desperately need sleep! having trouble formulating full sentences :(
glued to the screen...only 22 more backers! can't wait. wish there was some way to reach all the vm fans and encourage them to donate $1. can't imagine anyone who loved the series not being able to donate $1. i mean...just give up a coffee for a day and there you go...$1 :)
23
i didn't start watching the show until just before the project started but i eagerly pledged and can't wait to see it.  maybe it'll spawn a sequel or 7.
countdown: 25
@michael: i probably won't- so i'm gonna celebrate the 75.000 milestone :)
the question is: will i be awake when we hit $5 million? :)
54 more and we'll hit 75.000!
all right gang, i gotta leave for a while, but when i come back later, i expect the counter to still be rising steadily, y'hear? (kidding!) marshmallow power!!!
@melissa lol that is a good one :)
@ kate & melissa - i was actually glad the rape subject matter was brought up in the college environment as it was.  but i did miss the longer story arcs.  and @ melissa - that still makes me laugh!
@kate: the rapes as a main storyline do bother me a little...but i'm willing to look past it, for all veronica's snarkiness and great lines! one of my favorite exchanges of dialogue is: "a saturn for a mars. nice."  "in neptune! yeah, the planets really aligned on this one. now, move uranus, the mercury's rising." :) also included, the canada scene, with the moose postcard, during like culture week or whatever it is, and veronica's dialogue with keith while she's being held in jail. specifically the "thug life" tattoo of the unicorn on her arm. priceless!
just followed you kathryn, mine is @jessalb :)
i really liked season 3.  there are several stand out moments for me that made this season awesome. most fans of every show i love that deals with transition from high school to college never seems to adjust. but that's life. it won't be the same. i will argue though that the mini arcs made it less awesome than the other two, especially when i know that the studio forced them to do that. but even with those circumstances, they did a pretty great job intertwining the arcs.
@carole - i'm @backupismydog.  i'll follow everyone later today
@jose: i agree with you! however, even one of the fastest-growing ks projects has slower times...just wait a few hours till we really get down to the wire...then i'm sure more $$$ will start flowing in. :) fingers crossed for $5 million! maybe by tonight?? :)
i know i haven't really posted on here, but i am a backer and love reading all the posts. @kriker17 is my twitter handle
@jram23 here. and i would like to say, stop playing around and hit $5m already!
not all of those were qualms.
rob thomas just thanked me for my generous pledge increase. suggested the live twitter chat again to boost backer numbers.  love everybody!
@michael few minor qualms with season 3: mercer: good villain campus rape faking: kinda weird dick growing up: nice mac, wallace and weevil disappearing for multiple episodes at a time: kinda uncool less character development: disappointing the piz/logan rivalry: kinda fizzled out, wasn't captivating enough finding out who really killed the dean: super satisfying/i was surprised logan growing up: yes. finally. logan streaking: hell yeah sheriff lamb dying: noooo!!! that's all i can think of.
@jason, no one asked. just kidding. i'll add you to the list. how often do you guys suggest i repost?
for anyone that asked, my twitter is @jdivenere 4.9!!
@kate, you're already on it. when i post the updated list my friend.
@kate if you're right they won't get together, period. i can't imagine logan using veronica in any way. it would too much inconsistent with his character. i can imagine a lot of ways for them together, we don't even know anything about his retionship with the said girlfriend. i can imagine a lot of ways for them to not get together (though i don't like to, lol)) but i can't imagine logan cheapening what he has/had with veronica. no way!
@carole put me on it! i'm a lonely island over here! :)
@adrianne, you are wise my friend. wise indeed.
i have to get this off my chest: if you don't >love< season three, you're binging incorrectly: three is fantastic!  decadent, yes.  slightly schizophrenic, loopy, but absolutely as engaging as the other two.  just my opinion, but i'm re-watching it now and really loving it.
no problem kate. i don't want to overdo it so i'll repost it every few hours with the updated twitter handles. sidebar, you're not following me. it's carole with an "e". not sure who that other person is...lol
@carole. marshmallows can't suck. ;-)
i want  a 110 min movie.
i am new, but will think of something to post at some point soon :)
@carole yes thank you for doing that it's very helpful. i'm following all y'all. :)
4.9!!!!
@tanya, aww shucks...thanks :-)
$4.9 million!!  at this rate, we should hit $5 million real soon. yay!!! double yay, since i finally completed my vm collection! i've been watching season 3 obsessively, i admit. not as good as the first two seasons, but definitely still awesome. :)
@ carole - you don't suck, you are awesome for posting the list!
sorry tanya. apparently i suck.
i've already posted it, but mine is @kattressa. i promise most of my tweets are interesting to someone. :)
i mean, i'm all about team love, but realistically, there is a bit of difficulty there.
@ carole and karen - me too!  @tanyabidwell - tanya
by request: follow karen everyone @karenvmars -- karen  @caroleantoine -- carole @plane_crazee – jon benavides @sidfinch – michael southwick @eden_zr  -- antonia garcia @dalybear – christopher daly @scgirl_at_heart – holly m @sdtyree – stephanie  @devilwoman77 – l catherine houck @roguescribner – michael  @adriannemcadoo – adrianne mcadoo @annikalm – annika michler
@lyz i see what you're saying, but even if v and l parted on friendly terms six years ago, it still kinda muddies up the situation if he begins the movie grieving for his deceased significant other. a la the first season where it took quite a while for logan to, in his words, "move on". and we only get 90-110 minutes.
@kate, nah i think the popstar girlfriend is logan's rebound after veronica.
logan doesn't kill his girlfriends! they just all get shot at/murdered/sent to boarding school.
but
@kate, never. either they get together, or they don't. nut veronica could never be rebound girl to logan!
what if logan *gasp* killed his girlfriend?! :-p
@kate yes, it does.
i will be at home and checking my computer every five seconds.
@phil oops, didn't realize it lol
does this mean if veronica and logan get together at the end of the movie that she's his grief rebound?
i've been watching season 3 on soapnet and it's not nearly as terrible as i remember. it's actually pretty good. i don't know why i skipped buying the dvd set. maybe i was comparing it to season 1 too harshly. but i'll definitely be adding it to my collection now.
@michael i will probably be at work...furiously refreshing my laptop... telling patrons to go away...it's how i've built my billiard empire :-p
i will probably be at work.  furiously refreshing my browser, wishing i could have taken off at noon to drive down to austin.
so where are you all gonna count down the last hours of the campaign?? wish i could party with rob in tx, but i think i'll be sitting in my bedroom just furiously  refreshing my laptop
@candice i soooo see the inappropriate natalie wood jokes coming....
why is everyone saying we've slowed so much? we've pulled 38k today... we are at a 4k an hour clip right now and we're about a day away from when the pledges typically shoot up.. negative nillies!! :-p
@phil his pop star girlfriend falls overboard during a yacht party.
shoot i missed it reaching 4.9...but good job people! we have for sure slowed down a bit but hopefully rob will give us an incentive later today. i feel like its going to be an intense last couple of hours...
@carole can you add mine to the twitter list? kdesche (karen) is @karenvmars. i just set it up and i've started following everyone here :)
@candice for all we might know, she might find his bloated corpse on the boat!!!! :-x!!!!
@phil: ha. precisely!
@annika awesome clip. i hadn't seen that one before. made me even more excited for the movie.
@michael so what you are saying is it would be a double fine accomplishment...
@phil, do you think he can finally get veronica on that boat?
it'd actually be slightly more impressive for this project to snag the backer record, as double fine adventure ran for more than 30 days (i believe it was 34 or 35).
4.9!
@adrianne/annika. my pleasure.
@carole. thx for organizing the twitter handles!
@candice a luxury boat that he uses to evade the police :-p
@phil, he probably has a little beach hut and surfs all day.
@michael i'm optimistically cautious..
i think rob should live tweet again. that generated a lot of pledges.
@carol: cool, thanks for putting the list together! @tanya: you're welcome :) i think it's hard to explain what veronica mars is about- so i rather show people the promo...
@candice it really hasn't panned out well for him in the past :-p then again... knowing him... he probably lives there now!!
@phil - i'm cautiously optimistic :d
i'm @davepfromsm on twitter (i'm from santa monica, california but don't live there right now. in poland for medical school.) i have been tweeting for 2 years about for a #veronicamarsmovie mostly (over 15,000 tweets on that!). i'm part of @neptunerising and have done some tweetathons. speaking of, there's a #veronicamarsmovie tweetathon this wednesday. spread the word!
@melissa that's great. i wonder if logan will take a trip to mexico in the movie.
i also anticipate 100-200k worth of new rewards to open up. though that's just speculation based on the last time they opened more tiers
@michael if he produces something special in terms of one more exciting stretch goal or some incentives then i think it's not just an outside possibility but a forgone conclusion that the backer record falls.
@phil, six million isn't impossible. :)
i think we have an outside shot at both 6 mil and the backers record. 10k backers between the last two days wouldn't surprise me.
finally got the chance to manage my pledge and get the goodies i want!! thanks for shipping to mexico!!!
@joshua torment got over 6000 backers on it's last day. you never know.
@joshua never say never. most kickstarters do 20 percent of their total in the last two days.
i admit it: i made a separate account and pledged another $1. so i'm technically 2 backers. guilty as charged.
getting harder to keep track of everyone’s twitter account so this may simplify things. follow to your heart’s  content.  just add on.  @caroleantoine -- carole @plane_crazee – jon benavides @sidfinch – michael southwick @eden_zr  -- antonia garcia @dalybear – christopher daly @scgirl_at_heart – holly m @sdtyree – stephanie  @devilwoman77 – l catherine houck @roguescribner – michael  @adriannemcadoo – adrianne mcadoo @annikalm – annika michler
@ annika -  thank you for sharing, that is an awesome promo!
well hasn't this been one helluva kickstarter campaign... i met a cousin i didn't know existed... we all got on here and enjoyed the ups and downs together... and still three days to make the most money we can.. (and get that elusive backer record in the process ;-) )
4.9 million backers!!!
4.9 million. awesome, although its to bad we wont reach 87000 backers.
i'm still hoping for six.
yeaaah!!! if you try to get people to watch vm- i always use this promo (cause even after watching it the 20th i still have to laugh!) http://youtu.be/hnuqjudwngi (give me 3 minutes and 15 seconds and i show you why you should be watching veronica mars)
yeah!! buddy!!! almost there!!! yay for 4.9 mil!!!
4.9 baby, woot! cant wait to see 5.
4.9 welcome. let's hit 5 million today.
woo hoo! $4.9 million!!!
4,9! yippieeee!
$4.9m!
less than twenty
@christopher: me? yer following me as of a couple days ago :d @sidfinch. i just haven't said anything very exciting on there lol
@mike what's your twitter name?
@amber,  look me up on twitter @plane_crazee  ill have tiger add you to the group
@amber  hello! wow we are almost within the 100k zone from 5.0 mil..this is really getting exciting!
i think we can definitely hit 5 million today
i'm hoping that they start streaming it on either amazon prime or netflix in the time between now and the movie. it hasn't been given as much chance to catch on with people since its cancellation in the way that "arrested development" and "firefly" have
@heather: us netflix could use it too!
there, i think i'm following all of you now... stalker-y as that may sound. lol
come on 4.9
hey everybody! it's been a couple days since i've checked in.  love keeping up with fellow vmars fans :) i created a twitter account for the initial rob/kristen chat but i think i 'did it wrong..' not up-to-date on that sort of thing (i'm 21, but feel like i'm in my late forties) but i think it's awesome that you're all connecting! so we're just minutes away from 4.9! that is awesome! hitting 5 million isn't even a question at this point.  i'm so proud to be a part of this movement.  we're making it happen, you guys!
can we get veronica mars on netflix in canada? that would help generate interest in the movie in canada. so many people have never seen the show that would probably try it if it was on netflix.
@annika: following back
less than $102,000 to go!
@carole: sorry- i'm following now :)
@christopher daly: ok, lets give that a try - @eden_zr
forgot to include mine. it's @caroleantoine. follow me.
@phil yeah, but i just want to cover shipping. i look at my pledge as paying for what i'm getting, not just supporting the movie. that means paying for the cost of goods sold plus a mark up. but i would be willing to pay for shipping on top of that in normal circumstances, so i would like to now.
and for the record i will follow back @dalybear i'll follow you guys back now!
awesome! glad i started a twitter craze! btw got 13 in the past hour so 13 x 5 is = another 65 dollars to the goal!
@julia over all 30% of the money will be prize fullfillment.. that's making the items, shipping them to you, kickstarter's cut and amazon pay's cut.  but it really will be a bigger percentage, the smaller the bid.
i was really hoping rob would tell us how much shipping will cost per backer so i can raise my pledge to cover it. i think i'm going to assume it will be about $10 and just raise my pledge that much.
i just want 103188 small things to come out of the update.. i think that's reasonable
i hope rob will come up with something to raise even more money and get more backers in the last couple of days... kind of waiting for new rewards, more pledge levels or a stretch goal for days... i think i'm following all of you guys that posted there name in the last couple of minutes on twitter now :) lets trend #veronicamars !
yeah, from the the way rob talking in his  his update yesterday, it seems like big things are in store for today's update!
@michael.... i'm trying to use my strength of will to hit five million tonight... it's not working lol maybe if rt shows up with some new incentives we'll have an eleventh hour blast and then have three days to pile it on.
we'll be at 5 mil after tomorrow, with two full days to just keep piling it on. that's my prediction :)
@david holy cow when i pledged that there were thousands left!!
@stephanie - i sent you a request on twitter. there is no 86. @holly - i am now following you.
last one but not the last i hope ;) rock on marshmallows!
i just increased my pledge to $200 to get the last movie poster signed by the cast and rt. ah, just in time. :)
@james 5.3 million no doubt in my mind. it's been doing 60 to 80k a day and it's still rolling at 2-3k an hour. we need 100k in 2 and a half days for 5 million... and kickstarters inevitably shoot up exponentially the last two days.
i am hoping that there will soon be new incentives, as was hinted by rob in the latest update.
well i pledged $50 and chose the $50 reward so i'm all good i was just thinking it might be confusing for others and was trying to help that's all. as for how things are going i'm sad its slowed down so much in the final hours and at less then 100 left, these are the final hours.  i actually only found out about this campaign at the beginning of april but its been a wild week i wish i had been here from the start to see that counter rise like a missile instead of being here to see the leveling off (in high orbit) to continue the pun.  last night before i went to sleep if you asked me i'd have said reaching $5mil was a foregone conclusion but now at this slow pace i think we might make it but i am sadly no longer certain.  please let me be wrong and lets still knock this into outer space (sorry had to say it.)
my twitter is @scgirl_at_heart
twitter: @sdtyree, i think--it might have an 86 at the end. i'm at work right now and don't have access, but i think the first one is correct!
now there are 6, annika.
cool- 5 followers already :d love to be part of this! @tanya: yeah- i always run out of characters! i've got way to much to say :)
$200 pledge opened up
mine is @tanyabidwell - i am new to this tweet thing, i have been a long time holdout as i generally just don't think about how to make comments in x amount of characters ;p
michael and adrianne i will send to you too. mine is @devilwoman77.
@annika - i will follow u. i'm very new to it so i don't use it much either.
i'm on the fence about getting two shirts.  i think i'll just stick with one and give it to my wife. my twitter: @roguescribner
my twitter handle is @adriannemcadoo
i'm @annikalm on twitter- in case anyone wants to follow, i'll follow back- though i don't use twitter that much (yet)
just tweeted for vm
with all the junk kickstarter spams my inbox with, how is it that i only find out about this now via random googling o______o considder it backed!
i just can't believe i am sitting here watching this ticker and with 3 days to go, $5m is looking completely doable.  i remember on day one being so excited and then nervous about getting to $2mm.  can you believe the difference 27 days makes, we have 74k backers and growing and so many people connecting on this board over this amazing show... just so happy to be a part of it all.
ok so i'm going to go with another experiment right now. for the next hour i'm going to count how many twitter followers i can get from this. each follower i get will be worth 5 dollars and i will post a picture of my pledge. so if i got 50 followers in the next hour, i will donate 250 bucks. follow me on twitter @dalybear let's reach this goal!
@balabanto true, you can't get a feel of what it will actually be like. and to be honest all, i don't think it would have done well if the fourth season took veronica to the fbi. as someone mentioned before all the core characters everyone loves wouldn't be their and hardcore fans would not accept it.
@ christopher - i could not decide, so am getting both! :)  but if i had to choose, i love the blinds one!
@christopher...i really like both...but i think i'm gonna go with the ca noir design!
@carole a. mine is @devilwoman77
what do all of you think of the two tshirts? not sure which one i wanna get!
@kate: gotta kick it up! yes, i know that movie!! my sister and i used to watch it all the time, when it was on tv!
3 days to go we got to hit 5 million!!!! :d
si se puede (anybody who knows that disney channel movie gets star points)
whaddaya guys think...can we do $5 million?? i think yes! :) three days to go, but we're almost at $4.9!!! $5 million from there should be easy as pie! :)
sorry! @kattressa. two t's.
@katressa
hey guys. what are some of your twitter handles? i wouldn't mind following a few fellow marshmallows.
great new backers level idea, for couples including his and her love mugs, both tshirts, etc...
@ michael definitely we need to find that guy who donated the $10000 and see if he has a friend!
@karina: that'd be a pretty swell boost!
@michael well done. :)
i wonder if anyone is going to take up that $5000 reward level again, they were all gone for a little while but someone dropped out.
i know we are going to hit 4.9 today people! so stoked...5 mil is right around the corner :)
@kate, i pimped the kickstarter on twitter via the #proudtobeafanof trend.  :)
james walsh, i pledged at the 50.00 level.  when i read his reply about an extra 25.00 for an additional shirt, i kept my pledge level at 50.00, but upped the amount to 75.00.  i hope they will understand that the extra amount is for an extra t shirt.  it doesn't hurt for me to comment my intention here either.  8>)
@james, when you pledge your additional money you'll have to confirm your reward tier.  if you pay $50 and select the $50 reward tier then no, you will not receive an extra t-shirt.  if you keep your reward at $25 (or whatever your original pledge was) then when they ask you about your preferred t-shirt and size, you tell them you paid extra and want 2 shirts.  they'll confirm that and then you're good to go!
what michael said. reward level and pledge amount are two seperate things. you can choose the $1 reward level and still pledge $10000 if you like.  so if you choose the $25 level but pledge $50 you will be asked what to do with the additional $25 pledged (in your case a t-shirt).
you just add $25 without selecting a new reward. then, when they see the extra $25 that you've donated towards nothing, they'll ask if you want a t.
i just watched the "director's cut" of the pitch video the other day, and it got me wondering: whatever happened to the "associate producer credit" reward? i bet there's some rich people out there who'd like to see their name in lights
i know they said in order to get both t shirts just add $25 to your pledge well i may be dumb but isnt that gonna get just a little confusing lets say you bid $25 to get 1 shirt but now want both so you add $25 to your pledge bringing it up to $50 which then entitles you to the digital movie and physical dvd but all you want is the 2 shirts.  and what about those who only do want 1 shirt but want the dvd etc... wouldn't it be easier to add another $50 bracket just offering the 2 shirts? you already have 2 $400 brackets giving away seperate "prizes" that just seems an easier way to do it if you ask me that way everyone gets exactly what they want no more no less
ooops. disregard that. full post forthcoming lol
i just watched the "d
this could change movie funding and distribution forever. brave new world for niche movie projects.
i hate that as the campaign nears its end, i haven't been able to spend any time here.  i'm super busy readying for an out-of-state move.  that being said, i'm excited that rt should get his wish and see this campaign hit $5 million.  hopefully, it'll exceed that amount by a decent margin (since some of this money will go to rewards fulfillment).  i'm also wanting to keep in touch with fellow fans, so if you want to follow me on twitter i'll follow you back!  i'm @roguescribner. to paraphrase a quote from another franchise, this campaign ends in 3 days but the adventure is just beginning!!!  :)
@kate: i'm gonna tweet that too later- good idea! @michael: me too :) but i have 0 followers :d
also wow is that really the right count of backers? we should have alot more then that by my last nights estimates. we have really slowed down.  cmon marshmellows we can do better then this, at the beginning of the campaign we used to be friends, it seems like such a long time ago.
raymond, not that i condone such things (i may or may not) but i do know there are several other sites online that you can find and watch any tv show you wish just go to google and in your case type in "watch veronica mars episodes"
morning all! i recently joined twitter (because i picked that package when donating) and because i am stalking my niece (in a good way). would love to have some vm people to follow. i'm at devilwoman77. yeah, i have had some super religious types try to follow me because of my handle. college nickname people!
surprised at the small number of $1 backers...where are kb's 1 million or so twitter followers?
@kate: well, i'm @sidfinch on twitter. i've only got 11 followers haha. i actually started using it at the beginning of this campaign in order to tweet a few things at rob. so yeah, i'm a noob
yes, just add an additional 25 in the us or 35 international to your pledge. when they ready will ask if pledged for both.
@homer: just add an extra $25 (usa) or $35 (international) to any pledge above $25, and we'll be able to send you one of each! (source: update 16)
hi all
is there any way to get both t-shirts?
morning all!
@michael btw am i following you? what's you twitter name?
@michael yay! :d
@kate: i'll do the same! :)
btw twitter people, #proudtobeafanof is trending right now. i put veronica mars and posted the link to the kickstarter urging people to donate!
@raymond you can stream it free (no downloading required) at project free tv. google it. :)
does anyone know for certain if the dvd also contains the bonus features mentioned with the bluray?
finally am a backer!! i've been waiting for this movie for so long! vm is my favorite tv show ever :)
i still think they should have replaced o'dell with dean kane (some relative of celeste and jake) played by dean cain. that would have been pretty funny.
i don't know about the s4 tease, there was too little to tell how it would have turned out... but i'm sure there could have been ways to keep it fresh, so i'm perfectly happy to have that continue to exist in a parallel universe that i can visit from time to time :) @lisette & lilly, really liked dean o'dell too.
@lilly that's the flaw in only having 12 minutes of footage instead of 90.
the season 4 pilot didn't interest me at all, i got bored watching the 12min video. @lisette yes i liked that character.
@m.wood -hahaha, you keep it at work, that's amazing! i love the std talk. 'your trellis is a whore'
ok... the numbers have slowed significantly... that is something sad to see...
@tabetha you're welcome.  i still have a mug from when the show aired.  it was "chlamydia is not a flower".  it's still a conversation stater at work! :d
the wb officially took season 2 off of their site for streaming now only season one is left...i was right in the middle now i have to wait till summer break to dust off my good old dvd's oh how i wish i could watch right now!
is there any way you guys can make cyrus o'dell come back from the dead? ed begley jr. was so awesome on the show.. also, joss whedon had better be a backer, one that donated enough to be an extra on the movie ;)
hi guys...
please, please make the digital download 1080p hd!
holy crap it's boyd crowder!
how come veronica's id badge is all blurry?  are they worried the fbi would sue them?
here it is, all 12 minutes http://www.youtube.com/watch…
wasn't the season 4 "pilot" like 10 minutes long?  i could have sworn i watched it on youtube back in 07.
@holly, yes i agree. still fun to watch veronica but i really missed the others. and that "new" guy had nothing on logan!
we are almost at ten thousand for the day. yay.
@emma, i was initially intrigued by the fbi season 4 pilot, but upon viewing it, i was so disappointed.  a huge part of the show involves the relationships.  i'm sure the characters would have grown on me, but without the core cast (which i'm sure would have been incorporated later), it felt like a typical procedural drama.  a minor annoyance: the blue hues...not so much. i'm glad it is not part of the movie storyline at all and it never happened.  alternative mars universe, and i'm content with that.
just upped my pledge to receive both shirt designs!
the numbers this early in the day are tremendous.  it's possible we'll see 4.9 in as little as 6 hours.  also, i should be asleep.
finally a backer, so excited for this to become a reality!
@emma i wish he had stuck with fbi and had her leave early on during the movie, but i'll take what i can get.
hey hard core fans. did any of you hear what rt had planned for season 4 of vm. would all characters except for veronica be new? such a shame the show was cancelled, but i'm so glad they're making a movie!!!
heh. :) if only it wasn't for nasty things like auto insurance in new jersey.
balabanto i''m not asking you to donate money you can't afford to as my last post said it isnt about the movie for me anymore i just wanna see that record broken and that takes people lots of people with even just a lil money will help. all we need now is 14k people eac giving a $1 is not about 1 person coming in with 10 grand although that would be of course real nice id be happier with more people and few dollars each why else have a $1 donation
@james. i don't think vm will break double fine's record of the most backers. this project would need over 3,000 backers per day, and that hasn't happened since the first three days. we might reach 80,000 if we can maintain the current pace. http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/totals
rachael i know what its like to be poor so i salute you and your support you $1 does count every donation does at this point so tell your friends, maybe you didn't watch the show but maybe a friend of yours did and they just don't know about this kickstarter, its still not to late to donate.
@phil costales- not sure if sarcastic or... but i've never even watched the show, i just wanted to be a part of this, i'm poor, and mostly i wanted to up the backer count since that's what they want now. so enjoy my $1, veronica mars movie project. use it wisely, thanks.
ok @tiger lol i think we just have different views and opinions. no hard feelings. :)
@james i wish i could give more, but i'm already at such a high number i can't afford to give another dollar unless something awesome springs up at a new 2000 reward level.
i don't think she was thinking about it in that way imo. @balabanto you're looking at it in her point of view instead of the characters. most of everything you've said in this kickstarter is your perspective  of being a good guy or your experiences not the characters personalities and their experiences. at least that's what i feel when reading some of your comments & responses.
the other thing that always struck me is that veronica is not the main character any more than logan is or keith is or any other important character in the series.veronica is the protagonist, but the main character in veronica mars is "the city of neptune." that's kind of how i've always looked  at this.
ok heres tonights estimates at this rate we need 3 backers per min and are only getting close to 1 per every 2 mins which puts us somewhere around 76k by end of the campaign thats 11k short which is 1k further then we were at this point last night with an estimated finish of 10k short which means we are falling behind not gaining steam.  cmon fellow marshmellows dont let us burn up like this. i didnt bother to calulate money this time cuz at this rate we will break $5mil its ony a question by  how much will it be 50k over? 100k? in any case with money we are as about as set as we are gonna be.  i'm just sad about the last record unless we can, and we can if we want to pull it out in the end but we will see i guess.
@emit see, i'm looking at this from a completely different angle. keith is as hard boiled as they come. and traditionally, you try to get your loved ones out of "the life". it's your goal. but veronica, understandably, looks up to her father and tries to be like him. :) and that's why she doesn't talk to logan. it isn't just the "feeling vulnerable." it's "putting someone at risk when you know what i am capable of and what my dad is capable of." so many bad things could have happened to that guy, or to veronica, or to her father as a result of that action. most of them wind up with someone in the hospital or badly hurt.
you're both right.  now shake hands.
just upped my pledge from $35 to $50. wish i could spare more.
@balabanto we are talking about two different things and i stand by what i said too. you assume i look at it as a romantic relationship, why? because i ship love? i watch the show because i love every aspect of the show love is just a bonus. like i said @kdesche made a valid point that i was thinking because that's who veronica is as a person.
@lilly feel free to believe what you like about my opinion. but i'll stand by it every single time. some things go beyond relationships. you have to consider the genre this is written in and what it means. if marlowe had someone following him, he would !@#@! that person up. the continental op shot someone in the knee when he got tailed. we won't even talk about how mickey spillane's characters treated their tails. veronica is practically ceremonial in her use of the taser on people who are threats. veronica's reaction is tame by comparison. remember that when keith found someone who was a threat to someone he was dating, he put the hurt on them pretty hard. look at her role model, too.
to whoever is coming to the event on friday: after 10pm the dog and duck pub becomes 21+ only! up until then it is all ages welcome!
@don lets go for $5.5mil.
just noticed that if you google "rob thomas" and look for the link to his twitter that as of a couple days ago or so it has now started listing him before r.t. the musician, this thing is building.
spit & eggs was a really good episode!
kristen! i saw this "slothiness" and thought of you: http://www.buzzfeed.com/lyapalater/27-just-slothy-things
@balabanto to be honest and not to sound mean, most your comments feel like its because you don't like logan and his relationship with veronica. @kdesche made a valid point that i also that about.
@kdesche i agree,  i also thought that.
@kdesche this is actually a case where you might want to ask a cop or a real pi what their reaction would be to someone like this, too. for the most part, it's "get the drop on the person. find out who they are. stop them from following you. failing that, move to arrest or shoot in self defense."
@lilly i also think it has to do with control. veronica likes being in control (not feeling weak) and making her own decisions. i think that when logan hired someone to protect her it took that power/control away from her. made her feel vulnerable.
@lilly you are looking at this from the perspective of a romantic relationship and not from the perspective of someone who does a deadly job where you can get shot in the face at any moment since the age of 15. :) there is no "talk" in a situation like that.
@balabanto that's not the whole reason why she was pissed..........i can understand initially being upset but after he explained himself they could have talked about it. instead she continued being pissed about him protecting her and played like everything was ok. then ignored him the next day.
@michael. thanks!
@lilly if someone was following you around and you didn't know who they were, and you had enemies and were a private detective, wouldn't you be a little pissed?
i think 5 million is pretty much a given at this point.
@candice lol...totally agree! not sure what i'm going to do with my time afterwards!
i still don't understand why veronica got so angry at logan for hiring someone to protect her????? o_o
i want the veronica mars movie project reach 5 millions :)
@stephanie that's what i was trying to say. thanks
@tiger and @lilly they did change the logan/veronica aspect once they saw the chemistry early season 1, but i believe in neptune noir rt speaks to the fact that they always knew the big mystery plot points and clues. jason's scene he read for logan included an aspect of logan pushing in the cig lighter of a car so aaron could burn him...they had planned planting the aaron echolls seeds even in the audition stage. by the way neptune noir is a very interesting analytical read! now, time for bed!
@tiger not everything & every detail will be outlined but the basic plot will.   you can you have your basic players for the basic plot and everything else can be filled in.
@kdesche we need to start a kickstarter anonymous.
@christy re: kb saying she'd put up the $ http://screenrant.com/kristen-bell-veronica-mars-movie-benm-79783/ i'd still bet she'll be an executive producer on this movie (and i'm sure there'll be others) if they need extra cash for this and that.
i'm so totally addicted to watching the pledge tally going up...going to have serious withdrawals in 4 days :(
@lilly remember when rob said that they didn't plan for veronica and logan to be together, but it happened because of chemistry?  stuff like that makes it sound less structured than something like, say, breaking bad, which is put together each season, as vince gilligan puts it, "brick by brick".
i worry that the film will be too rushed.  the story outline is probably fine because that's been ready for quite a while and the script is getting at least a good month or so to be written and polished.  but is april-august really enough time for pre-production and shooting?
rob has said many times that they know the whole story before each season starts. just bc you couldn't figure it out doesn't mean they "flew by the seat of their pants". maybe rob &crew are just good writers & story tellers
i like the video update :)
@tiger, just watched the video update and rob looks like he hasn't slept in about a week.  after this is over, the first pre-production task should be a long nap.  i'm sure the movie will be great, but i'd hate for anything bad to happen to him in the process.
finally upped my pledge.
way to go guys!
doubled my pledge (35-->75) because i really want you all to hit that sweet 5m. gl, vm.
the photos of jason wearing the t-shirts has made my day! :)
new update
i do believe!  and i am holding out for mars investigation stuff!  i am so hoping tomorrows announcement will be something way awesome, wait, i know it will be, now i cannot wait!  cue giddy school girl excitement!  and talking really really really fast!
you never know about the new series... if we can get enough interest in this project it is definitely possible!!! this movie being made was a dream for a long time, yet here it is, all thanks to rob, cast and fans!  ;)
i saw the mars investigation stuff on café press, but i am holding off to see if they offer it as an incentive for pledging more on here.  i rather give the money to rob to help make the movie, but if they don't offer it i am going to get something from café press! maybe a mug?  :)  thank you for sharing the link m.wood! :)
@lauren they already are contributing in a way by basically not getting paid much if anything for doing the movie. plus, even if they contribute money, i dont think they would do it as an official backer on kickstarter since kickstarter actually gets a % fee of the money.
poor rob looks so tired.
for those looking for mars investigation stuff.  cafe press has tons of them.  this one is one of my favorite. http://www.cafepress.com/+beaver_rectangle_magnet,60568953
@ tabetha - it was a good interview, i think it is a dream to have the series renewed, if even a mini series, but i too worry about the logistics, but i bet it would happen if everyone was on board
link to rob's radio interview this morning.  starts at about 31:50.  http://www.cbc.ca/q/popupaudio1.html…
i know people are concerned about people's contracts in order to film a new series, but i am sure that if rob has ideas of a possible new series that he already talked about the possibilities of it all with kristen and other cast members.  it would probably be a mini series or something that would fit in with everyone's schedules.  spread the word so we can get as many backers as possible to show interest!  getting family members to pledge $1, might help! ;)
did everyone listen to rob's radio interview this morning saying that if we get enough backers a new series is possible on a place like netflix?  love it!! <3
@lauren i would think they're already contributing by working for 'dirt cheap' as rob said
@robyn when did she say she was going to volunteer $2 million?
this is our one shot for this and i know everyone is doing everything they can to help!  you guys are amazing!
i know we are all working together for this project, but i just wanted to say a big "thank you" to everyone who is spreading the word and pledging!  i know this is something we all believe in and i think that is truly awesome!!! so glad to be associated with this project and with you guys! <3
thank you for the updates robyn, you are awesome!! ;)
we had $79,008 pledged today!!!!!!! nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! keep it up ya'll!
@lauren according to rob's profile, he has not backed this project yet. i'm assuming they will put money into it, particularly considering kristen had initially volunteered $2 million to make a movie.
yay, 74,000!!!!
74000 backers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wonder if rob, kristen, or any of the rest of the cast have contributed to the kickstarter... you'd think they'd want to make the movie as awesome as possible, and they'd be dedicated fans as well...
@sam rob or one of his assistants responds to emails within 24 hours. send a quick one to ask.
@tiger...thanks!
@ sam double check with rob
@sam as far as i know, only the first 10 pledge levels are available outside of america.  i'm not sure why.  maybe something to do with sag union rules.  so, you should change you tier and let someone else have that.
really quick question. i'm from australia and just put forward a $400 pledge (the 20-second clip reward) and it says add $10 for international shipping but i just noticed that is also says "available to us and canada backers only." if all the other stuff can be shipped overseas, is there any reason why the mpeg can't be sent to me as well? if this is the case i'll change my pledge, i just need to know in advance. thankyou!
@kristin probably just the waiter and the extras.  plus a general special thanks to kickstarter backers.
does anyone know if any backers' names will be in the film credits?
@tiger i think you are off there too... and no... you can't say it's aaron echolls because they probably flew by the seat of their pants on the whole thing... but a one off.... yeah... i already have decided a few things... but it doesn't hurt me to know people won't know i'm right or wrong...
enjoy the one film and support the living crap out of it. drive 200 miles to watch it... because 5.3 million won't make a sequel. 8 million is the absolute bottom of the movie making barrel. so keep donating hard... hopefully the next few days will be glorious and we'll pull enough to get a wide release and make enough to warrant a sequel.
it's not like anyone can watch the pilot and say, "oh, it's obviously aaron echolls."
@phil was the intent.  i don't have a lot of guesses for the movie besides: veronica finds the killer, dumps her current honey for logan and keith is probably working on a seemingly unrelated case.
@tiger and you aren't close.. but sounds like a fun plot for a new series if they could make one.
@tiger if we get a trilogy, they should bring her back.
@tiger  yeah i do that.... cuz i'm good at it.  it's from tidbits i've seen rob say... could be entirely off and i hope i am...buuut history shows i'm ridiculously right and it really sucks... i don't like watching a few minutes of sixth sense and saying "oh, he's dead... well on to the next one."
@phil you're awfully confident in things you're making up.  pretty sure lianne isn't even in the movie.
i didn't think we would get to 74,000 today.
@ tiger... i truly will not reveal spoiler thoughts i've conjured because i'm 89% sure they are right.... and yeah... it's gonna hurt.
this movie is a one off shot... the budget is ridiculously low. we'll get our movie to tie up the loose ends... be happy with that.
@lais i agree that we should be happy with just the movie for now, but i'm not sure that there's no stories they can have for a show.  lemme pitch you something.  episode 1.  veronica and keith are keeping busy as a pi firm.  lianne comes back to town with a new husband in tow.  she's completed 2 years of sobriety as part of a rehab program and is going through the making amends phase.  her husband has enough money to pay back the money she took, but before she can write the check, the husband is found dead.  episode 2.  lianne is the prime suspect.  the sherriff's department arrest her.  veronica doesn't trust her, but twist, keith wants to believe she's innocent because he sees the person he used to love again.  veronica breaks off and tries to prove she's guilty, keith tries to prove she's innocent.  episode 3.  lianne gets bailed out of jail.  by madison sinclair.  what why huh?  lianne considers running, but keith and veronica meet in the middle of the trail of evidence they've been following on separate paths.  reveal: lianne is in terrible danger.  cut to lianne lying dead next to the kane swimming pool.  dunt dunt duuuh.
@tigernightmare we'll end up at about 5.3 million when all is said and done. if we don't get a surprising push from some mystical stretch goal.
omgomgomgomgomgomgomgggggggggggggggggggggg so if you're 21 and under (and an austinite), you can still go to dog and duck pub partyy.  the 21+ age thing gets put into effect at 10 pm :) :) :) :) yayayayayayayay
@helena that's awesome!
just added another $35 to my pledge for another shirt, upping me to $320... no more spending for me anytime soon :') so worth it though
we used to be friends...and will be forever! yes! looking forward to see you again
a new season is highly unlikely, i think... for one, kristen bell and some of the other actors have other commitments that wouldn't really allow the time for a new season. and secondly, plot wise what would they do? they really can't play high school or college anymore, and the fbi thing wouldn't really work...
man, im excited. $50 well spent. now please give us a segway into a new season that this film will surely generate!! :p
our per hour average has dropped from about 6,000 to 2,000.  our total is looking like $75k unless there's an update to bump us.  but the end total is looking more like 4.86.
let's hope we can get to 4.9 by the end of the day.
i've just upped my pledge! i was a little afraid they wouldn't distribute the movie in brazil (and i honestly doubt it will have a theatrical release around here), so i've upped myself to the $50 level! :) also, i'm really lucky i did it, because i didn't realize my amazon account had my old card! so crisis averted! and i'm getting a dvd! yay!
it's funny because he's looking at her butt.
can't wait for today's update... new and/or restocked rewards, perhaps? :d
post from @veronicamars twitter "excuse me, not sure what you're looking at here, wallace. pic.twitter.com/estmjoznwv "
back to the blu-tack, if i can.  i'm a trained paper conservator, and i have to warn you all against blu-tack on anything that you're interested in keeping forever, or that you think will have value in the future.  it's got oils and plasticizers in it that will migrate into the paper you're holding up, and leave behind stains that will be impossible to get out.  the safest way to display something you care about is in a decent frame.  i'll step off my soapbox now, but it makes me sad to see people do damage to things in the most well-meaning ways.
@lilly i saw it for the first time yesterday and literally laughed tears! i think there should be a sloth on the movie- and a lot of behind the scenes on that scene :d
@cassandra i think if you add $25 to your pledge without increasing your reward level, they send you both shirts without you needing another account.
@annika lolololol!!!! i was in tears. first time i've seen that! @kate congrats!!
@tiger: but the only goal we've been given is breaking the backer record! lol
thanks tigernightmare. also makes the two shirt thing a little easier. :)
@michael i think a larger budget is a larger priority than the publicity of breaking a kickstarter record. @cassandra i believe many people who have additional kickstarter accounts can pay through the same amazon account.
does anyone know if my husband makes a kickstarter account to back this project would we have to create a second amazon account to pay or could we both pay from one account? we really don't want to do have two amazon accounts but we would like the backer number to reflect that we both support it.
my prediction is somewhere between 5.5-6m. stepping up the backer numbers should be priority one, though!
according to my admittedly sketchy calculations, going by rough daily averages, we'd end up with something like $5,114,000 by friday, not counting any spikes due to new offerings or end-of-project upticks in last minute contributions.  i know someone else has a 5.1m prediction, too - am wondering what the last day will bring.
@ harriet - that is awesome!  i will do that (in two weeks :))
@stephanie me too!! it's my favorite. :)
can't wait until we hit the 5 million dollar mark!!
thanks tanya.. you can have a drink with your grandma, and use my granny' s favourite toast "here's to us, and more like us"  a toast fit for all of us marshmallows!!!!
@kate, i hope you get your internship with colbert! he is speaking at my alma mater for commencement this year. i am hoping to get back to ny in the next year or so! i love the city :)
i saw on facebook that there are still tickets available for may tapings.  maybe you should lobby in person, or better yet volunteer for his sister's congressional campaign!
@ harriet -  i will tell my grandma you liked them!
@tanya.. i should have just said what you said! nice words :-)
then hopefully to new york in september if i get the internship to the colbert report i'm applying for. :)
@craig nope i'm going home. :) utah isn't too bad in the summer.
in the great words of my grandma, she lived, she was human.  nothing more, nothing less.
you obviously won't be spending it in d.c.  summer in d.c. is the worst and an annual reminder that the city was built on a swamp,  as if anybody who lives there needs to be reminded.
sorry.. should be love (not live)
@kate, congratulations! i know that must be a load off!
i don't  have any reverence for her...  to quote mlk "darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can go that. hate cannot drive out hate, only live can do that" bad times belong in the past. i'm not saying you, me or anyone should mourn her.. just don't dance in her grave.
thanks everyone. :) i feel very lucky to have y'all as virtual friends. it's gonna be a great summer. :d
@ harriet that depends on your perspective. the level of reverence for someone is directly connected to how personally affected you are. if i was one of the people in the uk whose families got ruined during her term i wouldn't be mournful either. in the same way that former employees of enron didn't mourn the death of kenneth lay. and i wouldn't berate them for it.
@kate  congrats!!!
@ lee,   i can appreciate your point of view,  my point however is when someone dies is not the time to get your licks in.  that's all.
wow- congratulations kate!
congrats kate!
awesome kate
good work, kate.
what's the book you're reviewing?
@lee. all good points but i don't think celebrating anyone's death makes any of us better people...
@kate, congratulations on completing your thesis.
wow, congratulations @kate! good luck with the last haul! there future's bright -and filled with marshmallows!
hey guys. i finished my thesis for real today. so i'm really excited to a. watch this counter hit 5 million b. crank out the last three 10 page papers and a book report standing between me and graduation and c. enjoy a veronica-filled summer. :) it's almost here. can't ya feel it? :d
thanks @jon. i quite agree.. i think the world would be better if everyone watched veronica mars and 're-calibrated themselves!
@ jon and there are many towns and people who were devastated by selling off industries to the lowest bidder and erasing major sources of employment from britain. if you never lived in one of those towns then you cannot appreciate the impact. it's something that does not just dissipate in a few years.
just in case anyone needs a laugh: http://youtu.be/t5jw3t3jy70 you just gotta love kristen!!! and there even is a song about it :d http://youtu.be/ggq6wfuw2fu
@kerryann i will disown her too. lol
@harriet  yeah i have seen some of it.. sometimes i wish people would just shut the hell up if they dont have anything good to say or dont know what they are talking about.  i was in my teen when all that was going on, and there are many that believe that really turned things around for the uk, both economically and governmentally as well.  my sister was very upset... she was born here in the us but has lived in the uk for almost 30 years.
@kerryan... i suspect that season 2 will change her mind on that!
i made my mum watch vmars she just finished season 1 and she said she doesn't believe in love! i may disown her...
i never actually had a copy of the seasons on dvd. my brother recorded them all for me from the tv with all the commercials :') i recently bought an ipad so decided to splash some cash and buy the complete box set from itunes :) this kick starter campaign will have boosted sales of this show insanely!
@tigernightmare and @stephanie thanks for answering me about how to stay connected. i was gone for a while and much to my delight came back to find we're well over 4.8!
does anyone who currently has a $600 level reward want to downgrade to the $500 reward? i'm currently in the $500 bucket and would like to move up to the $600 one if someone is open to trading. send me a message if you're interested.
thanks jon... there seems to be a lot of negative comments on her on the web in the uk... largely from people who were born after she left politics, who didn't live through the three day weeks of the seventies, and the miners strikes of the eighties (bad times).         don't get me wrong, i don't mind a balanced opinion (and goodness knows politicians are not a likeable bunch), and we all have different views (thank goodness) but she was still a person and whilst you can dislike her politics, i don't understand so much negative energy.
my mother is a saint (in general, and not just related to posters) and she let us pictures in our rooms... my brothers had that girl in the tennis dress... and i had lots of tom cruise (from top gun days) and that robert doisneau kiss picture (amongst other s)
@harriet.. my condolences on the loss of margaret thatcher.
mine didn't care about how the posters were hung.. just what the posters contained..   but that blu-tack harriet mentioned is great stuff.. especially if you dont want to damage your posters and keep em collectible.
blu-tack is a sort of sticky gummy thing... so excited that i'll be getting a poster and that we are so close to 4.9 with 4 days to go... just watching episode 19 of season one... loving my vm marathon!
my mother was very strict about not letting me hang things up in my room, not even with scotch tape.  but my dad let me cover my wall with nintendo power centerfolds and a big ferrari one.
i'm on a love high today http://youtu.be/r15ptaygvag
@harriet we call those tacks or thumb tacks.  some people use push pins, which are easier to take out, but those are for like bulletin boards made of cork.
oooh 160k to go!!
blu-tack is that stuff you stick posters up with (may not be blue in the us).. and i agree.. it's be a crime to use drawing pins on the poster... so a frame is what i plan to do.
don't put holes in your signed poster!
hi all, i'm getting the poster... i'm going to get it framed to keep it safe (and make it a bit more age appropriate) .... not sure that you can get away with blu-tacking it up works beyond the university years...
$200 pledge is open . . .
that whole rapist storyline pisses me off especially those girls faking that rape. they were a little extreme especially that editor
@judith i'm in the same boat lol. i didn't have posters when i was younger, i surely can't have them now. i love the term 'very late 20s' though! i'm going to start saying that when people ask me my age instead of 'my last good year'.
@judith i'm approaching my mid 30s and i'm getting the poster.  i'm going to frame it and hang it next to my back to the future poster. @christie i noticed that too.  i hope the cost of the dvds as they are available publicly don't affect the bottom line for dvd tiers.
or at least my husband wouldn't be too pleased with a picture of logan echolls on the wall
@tiger, i couldn't agree more! it bugs me no end! i've sometimes had to order things from the randomest places just to save a bit but it just doesn't make any sense to me.
mars investigations pens! as rico suggested - i can't really get away with a poster on my bedroom wall in my very late 20's
@stephanie, not as soon as this hit. i figured this would happen, so i was checking the prices on amazon and up until a couple of days ago you could still get season 1 and 2 for about 10 bucks each. at least now donating to this at the 275 level is a steal, since you get all 3 seasons for 75 bucks basically
well, the downloads are affordable, at least.
right before the kickstarter began i had priced the dvds for a friend of mine and they were around $12 each at target and on amazon. as soon as this hit the price seemed to double/triple in some cases.
@mansah i really hate that, mansah.  if stores run out of stock for anything, they should print up more to keep up with demand.  but instead, now people are trying to sell the premiere edition of angel after the fall for $300 on amazon.
@tiger, it wouldn't surprise me if it was, i know they've stopped printing the dvds several places in europe (maybe all)
what would you be into, judith?
i would bid more if there were other goodies available. really don't fancy a poster for $25
maybe it's out of print and the prices went up when the stock went down.
i had seasons 1&2 for years i just recently got season 3 bc it really wasn't my fav season but now the movie is coming out i figured i should re-watch all of it.
ya when i bought season one and two they were only like 14 dollars! amazon has had season 3 at 40-50. maybe i can just get the digital version of it for 34.99 on amazon..but its not the same as the dvd in my opinion. actually i wish they would release them on blu ray i would buy those lol
veronica really really don't trust anyone.  lol
i just can't believe season 3 is that much more expensive than it was at costco.  i haven't even opened mine and it still has the price sticker on the plastic.  18.99
thanks for the replies. i will check out warner bros right now but i may order from amazon if not. i have had season 1 and 2 for a long time. i have just put off buying three because it was a lot more expensive. i have seen the whole series twice already. once when it first aired, and it was my favorite show. then i made my boyfriend watch it a couple of years ago when it was on netflix. i think its time i own all of them :-)
@mansah wow that's a great way to look at it. thanks. :)
that is a great suggestion to call amazon to get a possible mini-series.... thank you lee!  i think if we all put our efforts in together having a mini-series is a huge possibility.  who knows, maybe rob has already talked with netflix in asking them for a mini-series as long as the number of backers/interest is high enough and that is why he mentioned them! ;)
i hope the link i just posted is for legit dvd sets and not fake low quality copies.
i love how everyone is pitching in and trying to make this the best movie it can be; this is our one shot to do it!  once again, veronica mars fans are awesome!!!
@jessica - sometimes warner bros has dvd sales. i got all 3 for 40.
i just found this.  you can get all three seasons for $40.  there's 99 bundles available, so anyone who reads this can probably get it if they want to and don't want to up their pledge by that much. http://us.ebid.net/for-sale/085391143116-veronica-mars-the-complete-seasons-1-3-18-discs-dvd-100471467.htm…
@ tabetha  contacting amazon would probably be more beneficial than netflix. netflix already has brand presence and money tied up in big name properties. amazon is trying to establish a streaming brand and is currently pouring money into a slate of new developments. they need an ip with some fan power.
huh.  they're more expensive than i remember.  you can actually get them cheaper at the $275 pledge level, if you were already pledging $200.
@jessica amazon?  i bought mine from costco for about $20 a long, long time ago.
@annika, i know exactly how you feel. which is why i'm always in danger on just watching the series on a loop. @lilly -at least you know this time when you watch the sadness it's not the end :)
anyone know where i can buy season 3 for a good price?
i guess i'll finish watching some more episodes of season 3.  :/
the bad thing about having a veronica- mars- marathon? afterwards all the other series just can't live up to it... don't know what to watch now...
i increased my pledge by $25 to get the second shirt. i hope that's how i was supposed to do it.
i'm calling today at $79,000.
i think for there to be a real shot at a netflix deal, wb would have to get netflix to put the old seasons back up. a big reason why netflix is backing the arrested development season is because they already know how popular it is.
some people don't donate because they have no money or there's nothing in the packages that interest them. i'm just saying the backers are an idea but its not a accurate account of fans.
thanks for the interview guys! and rob said what i've said to some of my twitter buddies, i said that vm ratings from 2004-2007 were equal to or better then the shows on the cw now. the show was definitely  ahead of its time.
yeah but its something concrete and having the "kickstarter record" is a far better selling point than pointing to limited release box office numbers
@tabetha the number of backers isn't the accurate amount of people who will love and watch the movie when it comes out.
tabetha - your enthusiam is incredible!
calling netflix to see if they are going to pick this up as a mini series/show would show them interest in the project.
printing out the homepage screen of this project and hanging it up on places that show apartments for rent, babysitters, lost dogs etc. might help.
from what i have heard from other newsfeeds, kristen is in for a new season, as long as it is a mini-series type of thing, or between her current show.
the number of backers is more important that the amount of money raised at this point, in order to get a new series made... try to spread the word for people to give $1. try asking family members.. we can do it!!!
that would be cool. also probably why there is the big push to try to somehow get the record number of backers.
that be awesome.  if netflix/arrested development is a success ill bet there will be interest over there in funding a new vmars season
looks like max greenfield is on ferguson tonight. wonder if there will be any veronica mars talk/news.
even though i will watch if it goes to netflix i don't want it to be a series again. i just want closure and that's what this movie is giving us. or the next movie if they do another one lol
did he mention whether the cast would be on board for that? kristen seems a bit busy to do a 10-13 episode season, between movies and house of lies.
okay, i've got to get back to work now! ugh--at least something to look forward to this afternoon when i get home!
@tabetha,  i might just die a little of overwhelming giddyness if that happens!
should hit $4.9 tomorrow. looking pretty promising for the $5 mil goal!
if you listened to rob's interview he said it... he is hoping that, if there is enough interest showed on this kickstarter project, he is hoping to get new episodes made and aired on netflix!!  we need to get more backers!!!!!  http://www.cbc.ca/q/popupaudio1.html…
@julia, i've done that several times now. i figure that i didn't go on a vacation on spring break like i wanted to, and i am putting it on my cc not my dc, so...i'll check my account when i get home, but i kept thinking about and knew that if i didn't at least do it for now, i might get mad at myself. if i decide to lower it back down, then i have that option in the next couple of days!
probably better for my bank account, though!
i keep eying the $200 level every time one space opens up, but by the time i decide to go for it, it's gone.
just upped my pledge again for the $200 level. might have to lower it after i get home and check my credit card statement, but i didn't want to chance it not being available later :)
the interview starts after the 25 minute mark - if anyone else does not want to listen to the entire program
http://www.cbc.ca/q/popupaudio1.html… if you want to hear rob's interview from today
thanks for the tip cath! listening now
sweet thanks cath!
i just became a backer, too. thanks so much roband the entire crew for making this happen. i'm absolutely psyched and looking forward to following the entire process.
@mansah, i know right. i was pretty sure that's how it worked kyle and karina, but i think part of it is i'm trying to be frugal too (though my pledge tier would say otherwise! lol)
rob's on cbc radio one right now! the complete interview will be posted as a downloadable podcast later today or tomorrow: http://www.cbc.ca/q/episodes/
@holly as long as you don't change the selected reward tier under the manage your pledge you can increase your donation however high you want.  there is no need to worry about losing your reward unless you change the reward selection before you go to the next step.  believe me. i have backed quite a few kickstarters and have adjusted my donation for the same reason you want to without changing the actual reward selection.
@holly you just press manage your pledge right under the number of days to the right. you can change your pledge amount there without losing your place
@holly, the 'sad' or 'worrying' thing when you're still feeling the temptation is that there are still 4 days in which you may crack, the only thing that saved me from dipping stupidly deep into my pockets was that the tier became fully subscribed. i wish you all the self-discipline and reason you need :p
@vbackupismydog,  i totally could, but i've already pledged $1000, and i'm content with one shirt (sort of...lol)
holly - you can open another account for the second tshirt if you are concerned.
i want to up my pledge, but i'm nervous that i'll lose my tickets to the austin premiere/after-party.  i'm content with one shirt. :)
http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/05/greatest-tv-couple-16-round/ almost over, and desmond and penny from lost are winning.
lost shouldn't be allowed to win anything.
veronica and logan are getting beat by penny and desmond from lost!  very wrong indeed!  vote for love! http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/05/greatest-tv-couple-16-round/
just paid my extra $25 for the other t-shirt. what can i say? i have difficulty saying no when it comes to veronica mars...
vote for veronica and logan as the best couple of all time!!!   http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/05/greatest-tv-couple-16-round/
a pair of la tickets and an extra slot were dropped.
whoa....we just dropped....what happened?
there seems to be a spot as an extra as well as a pair of la premiere tix available for anyone with that kind of money -and mobility. @amy, i agree, i love weevil! really hope we'll see a good deal of him in the film!
i'm watching season 2 - happy go lucky & beaver trying to teach weevil algebra is making me laugh so hard!! i love weevil & really want him in the movie
@roger lol glad you were joking.
i cannot wait for this. they should film it in 3d. (just kidding, please don't.)
73,000+ backers $4,805,000+  this looks great!
veronica mars will forever be my favourite show... i can't tell you how happy and proud i am that there are this many dedicated (and crazy) fans out there! thank you so much to rob, kristen and the rest of the cast for never giving up!!!!! love you all!
@tabitha: the dvds will be region 4 in australia (stated in the faqs). no info if they are pal or ntsc though. also no info on the blu-rays, but i guess they will be region free (like all? warner brs).
hi lyne...
@karsten, you may be able to, but maybe email rt and ask just in case. if he gives a negative you can set up a second account since it makes out the same pledge-wise. @jose lg, there will be a dvd coming out as well -the material (including the documentary) will be the same regardless of whether you buy it now or in retail. also, we hit 4,8 during the night and we're nearly at 73.000, i'm psyched!
quick question: the dvd/blu-ray of the movie and the series boxset, do they come locked to the respective usa region code? or will they be distributed according to region of the donator? (i.e. australia gets region 4 dvds and region b/2 for blu-rays)?
73,000 backers is around the corner.
i hate i missed 4.8.
so happy to see this movie being made and it feels great to be a part of it!!! i just love leaving this page open every day and watching the number continue to rise, it's extremely exciting. just finished re watching the whole series again, so glad i own all three season because this summer my friends and i are having a veronica mars marathon! so happy that a tv show that is as great as veronica mars has such a talented/devoted cast and crew behind it. couldn't think of a better show that deserved a movie more than veronica mars can’t wait till 2014 4.8 great job guys!!
did i wait to up my pledge right when i thought it would make it bump up to 4.8? yes. yes i did.
hi rob, why don't add some stretch goals to inspire people into backing? four days to go, but it could still make a tiny difference! as you yourself said, after all two millions was your minimum goal... let's everyone see what you could make by rising the bar! (sorry for the double post!)
wooo 4.8!
4.8!!!!
hi rob, why don't add some stretch goals to inspire people into backing? four daus to go, but it could still make a tiny difference!
hey elisa
hi guys.. hope everything is okay... can t connect on skype right now.... a big kiss to everyone... i will follow you as best as i can
a question regarding the 2-shirt option: is it possible to get two shirts of the same design instead of the two different designs? i really like the first design (california noir) and would love to get two of these babies...
nearly 4.8!
@rachel david that was incredibly generous... there are millions of fans that gave nothing... clearly you are as in love with the show as we are and i'm so glad you contributed what you could...
i'm so grateful this movie is being made! i just started watching veronica mars season 1 dvds again. this time i'm watching it all, seasons 1-3 with my boyfriend one episode a week until the premiere next year! i can't wait! thank you all!
the $50 dollar pledge dvd will be released normally when the movie hits stores or it´s a backers-only dvd?
so thrilled that this movie is finally going ahead and i'm so excited to be an official backer! veronica mars fans are the best!!  thank you all for making it a reality!
tanks.
i gave you $1. you're welcome.
kicktraq seems to agree. though they don't trend backers, the current average is near 1000/day, so it falls in line with your estimates. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/
i really want the first shirt, with the shuttereye logo larger and in place of the california noir logo.
just thought i'd update you guys with my latest estimates, i'll be doing this at the end of each night / beginning of each day till it ends.  and thus far my current estimates aren't great.  good news is that we will hit the $5 mil mark bad news is at the current rate we will only have 77500 backers which is 10k short our dream goal.  i grant you these are just my estimates and i hope the heck i'm wrong and people "step up" at the last min i mean we did break every other record and were able to raise $2 mil in 12 hours so if we can do that 15k in the next 4 days is very doable but its not a done deal yet and we still need to keep this ball rolling fast
i'll be happy to wake up in the morning to 4.8 mil!
i am new marshmallow as few of you know, and i just finished the last season of vm, and i am spechless, i can't accepted how this end. but i am so happy because next year we will have the movie, and i hope that will be one of the best thing ever. love you marshmallws!! ;)
@lilly - yeah that vid cracks me up and when he goes even deeper into his own world there and starts reassuring himself with his shoulder even, haha, as his daughter looks on with increasing alarm. seriously, this may be the best cast, best written, best directed, best shot, best acted, short film in the history of moving pictures.
oh, well. we'll have it in the next few hours.
god, look at that ticker go. it's like the first eleven hours all over again. 4.8. please. only 2 minutes :)
i have a feeling that's an easy request to grant, kathleen, under most circumstances. however, i'd like to point out that with 72,754 backers, this might not be as easy as it looks.
if we contribute the extra $25 - can we have 2 of the same shirt instead of 1 of each?
wahoo.. i am an official backer.  i cannot wait for this movie!
wouldn't it be fun if rob somehow worked a sloth into the movie haha!
@robyn and @stephanie ok, that is good because it would screw up the love birds.
i love a a black t-shirt with a comfy pair of jeans! :) can't wait to wear one!
i wish i had an extra $35 to add to my pledge so i could get both t-shirts.
i just upped my pledge because of the shirts! i wish i could make it friday to austin i'm so jealous!
14498 backers needed.
hi guys! please don't forget to vote for logan and veronica for greatest t.v. couple.  remember their love is epic! visit http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/05/greatest-tv-couple-16-round/
i expect we'll get some extra tomorrow when most people see the last update about the t-shirts.
upped my pledge!
@margot what stephanie said.  although the comments don't appear to shut down when a kickstarter concludes, participation tends to have a steep dropoff, although this is easily the most actively social community i've encountered on kickstarter.
@margot--download skype for free and add tigernightmare. there are a lot of us over there, though i haven't visited skype today--sundays are too busy for me! i'm lucky i've gotten a chance to get over here!
speaking of our chatter...what happens after the project is funded on apr. 12th? does the comment stream get shut down? i'm not familiar with that aspect of kickstarter. i have come to feel as if you are all a part of my special "group" and i wonder what will happen over the next year.
@mansah i give up for the day... a friend of mine has the same problem as you, he still has almost nothing done and his supervisor is really good about messaging him to constantly remind him of that fact. also, i give up for the day... i just want to see us hit 4.78, watch something on the tv and go to bed.
$64,719 is the 22 hour total. i'm off to bed. great job guys! we're so close to $5 million!
i'll be fine with my california noir tee. and if i wanted to pay the same amount for the second tee, i'd create another account just to up the number of backers, since it doesn't change the price. they could have made it cheaper for the second one, especially for foreigners. is it really that much more expensive to ship 2 shirts instead of one? good to see that a lot people are ready to pay for both tees though!
i have been following this project since i pledged on march 15th.  this is my first post.  i had to post to share that i "upped" my pledge by $25 to get both t-shirts.  i love the comments and the community.  i also love watching the ticker go up and up. thanks to all of you for the chatter and fun.  i will keep listening silently.   keep going marshmallows.  here's to the vm movie.  :-).
@lais -that's a deal! ugh, i hate the uncommunicative supervisors/tutors, they make a frantic time even harder. mine's kind of the opposite, replies almost within the hour most of the time which i suppose is a good thing but it's also a constant reminder of how far behind i am and consequently leaves me stressed-out and guiltridden. guess there's no way of hitting the perfect balance.
@david, no rob has done several interviews as to what the plot will be about. you can find some on the kicktraq page: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-daily
@david no. rt has said that that was an "alternate universe" and that storyline never actually happened.
when else are we going to be able to show our support as fans and donate what we can to make the movie better?  we are down to 5 days to donate and staying strong! vm fans are awesome! this is something that i am so excited about!!!   :)
is the movie going to follow the season 4 fbi plot? here is the season 4 promo video. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
so fun to watch the numbers jump again.  i gave more than the $25 for the extra shirt because of the shipping.  it has been quite a journey watching the numbers ramp up every couple of days.  i'm not sure what i will do with myself once this ends.  ha ha
@lais - same here *lol* money's a bit tight and we are expecting at the end of november.. so i was trying really hard not to go over my budget here. even though i reeeally wanted to donate more to the movie! agh!
@stephanie - good stuff! =d
@lilly @beth they have another song that just kills me called "forever and always" and it is seriously one of the most beautifully tragic stories in song i have ever heard. as you listen to the lyrics and realize what is happening, it is just tear-jerking.
i love just leaving this page up, checking it every so often, and seeing the numbers go up. it lets me know just how many of you are out there, and how many of you care as much as i do <3
@stephanie wow!!! that was a great video! i actually started to get water in my eyes lol
@mansah, let's keep checking with each other on that thesis thing. just to make sure the other one is not too far behind! ;) oh, does your thesis adviser ever e-mail you back? i haven't heard from mine in a month or so... i'm starting to feel like that girl, sitting by that phone on saturday night waiting for that boy to call her.
@christina, i went through amazon and saw where they were both on there, so i just cancelled the first one. the second one (the upped pledge on the credit card instead of debit card) is still there, so i think i'm good!
@stephanie great video!! thanks for sharing :)
@stephanie, you're welcome... i'm a little tight with my money right now too... silly me for wanting to give my parents and sister gifts for both christmas and their birthdays. but i wouldn't mind three t-shirts... then i would only need four more veronica mars themed t-shirts and i could do a whole week of them without doing any laundry! (also, that made me seem less crazy in my head)
@beth, @mansah, @lais thanks for the help! i am really tight with my money, but this is so worth it! i just don't need three shirts, haha!
@stephanie - you probably can check through amazon.com. they send an email confirmation when you pledge, it has instructions to view payment authorizations at the bottom of the email.  you can probably check there, and if it has both cards authorized you can de-authorize one.
so a couple of days ago, rt asked for sad songs on twitter, i shared that one of mine is a song called "the mess i made" by a band called parachute (i went to college with a couple of the guys). anyway, i was looking on youtube and there are a few love videos to this song--this is the only one i looked at, but i thought it was pretty good. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@stephanine you don't need to cancel any previous pleges. here is the link to the kickstarter help page http://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions#backaproj
@stephanie, i'm pretty sure they handle the cancellation of your previous pledge, but otherwise yes maybe email kickstarter (it may even be in their faq) @lais, i think 9 out of 10 times sounds about right  -and the hope of becoming more productive is the only bright side to the kickstarter ending. i still have a 6 weeks or so, but i've hardly even started...  still, we can get it done!
@stephanie, just found this on the help section of kickstarter how can i change my credit card details before funding ends? visit the project page and click “manage your pledge.” at the very bottom of the next page, click “change payment method.” but you might want to message kickstarter about your specific situation, or maybe call the company of that first card you use and check with them if the credit authorization is still valid.
@stephanie yes! hahahaha! i also loved that rico wouldn't sit down until kb called him dad lol!!
in case anyone is interested i emailed kickstarter about that--i'm mostly interested b/c i switched cards, and i am wondering if that effects things. if/when i get an answer i'll share what i find out.
right @kathryn :)
@lilly i loved the re-enactment of the scene with jason and kristen!
am i the only one that cracked up watching that video again? especially with the extra 50 seconds. hahaha my favorite part is still when rico was talking to himself like gollum off lord of the rings and you see kristen looking at him like wtf?! o_o lolololololol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^
@lais who would be the ones to message, kickstarter?
@stephanie, i have no idea, you might want to message them about that!
if you increase the pledge amount you don't need to cancel any other payments, do you? they handle that correct?
@mansah it's been a struggle...so far in the fight of actually getting a degree and this movie, the movie has won 9 out of 10 times, and that tenth time nobody was online on the comment section. to make it even "better", my deadline for it is less than a month and it's not even halfway done... (i do expect my productivity to increase in about 5 days or so...)
went to p my pledge to the 200 reward and then they sold out. maybe it was the universe telling me ill need the extra money haha :(
@karina, by pledging 275 you also get the 3 seasons of the show on dvd! @melissa if you pledged $60 for the $50 reward level plus $10 dollar shipping, that means you get a pdf script, a dvd of the movie and one t-shirt. to get another t-shirt you would have to add another $25 plus $10 for shipping if outside the u.s. is that a little clearer?
i know it's not much but i went from a $50 pledge to a $75 pledge. every little bit helps, right?
@melissa what mansah said you have done the 60 which gives you the 50 reward and shipping but then you have to do another 35 for the extra tshirt and further shipping
@lais, i'm glad to know i'm not the only one whose thesis work has been completely shattered by this project. i'm trying to tell myself that i don't really need to pass...
@karina, the difference between the 200 and the 275 pledge is that with the latter you get the series on dvd as well. @melissa, i think you'll need to pledge an extra $25/$35 for the t-shirt on top of what you have already pledged to qualify for x tier.
pretty interesting breakdown of the show from a first time viewer. it's only got the first 8 episodes so far; broken up into 2-episode segments. http://thinkprogress.org/tag/veronica-mars/
im confused, so if i have pledged like $60 (including p+p) does that mean i get 2 t-shirts + still get the $50 reward?! im so confused :'(
somebody help me out...is the only difference between the 200 and the 275 that the dvd/blueray combo includes bonus features
i've already pledged 85 but thinking of upping it to 210 but that's a couple days work for me so i'm having conflicting feelings haha
question: since i changed my pledge amount, i also changed what card to charge. do i need to do anything on amazon (cancel the first pledge authorization) or does it automatically do that?
okay, 4.8 is definitely possible after an update like that.
just upped my pledge :)
@stephanie thanks!! (oh rob... you're really putting up obstacles between me and my thesis...)
@lais - that's one of my favorite loganisms!
@lais it's in the update that was just put-out!
@stephanie, link please! :)
just watched the director's cut of the kickstarter's video--those extra pieces, pure gold!
"mr.echolls, can i have a word?"  "anthropomorphic. all yours big guy." your random vm quote of the day! ;)
rewatching season 1...so damn good. cannot wait for this movie.
er, 4.775, rather.
@balabanto i think we're going to top out at around 4.75 tonight.
pay day today!  i've raised my pledge from $110 to $210 today! so excited for this movie, can't believe this kickstarter ends in five days! omg!!
if all goes well, we could be at 4.8 million by the end of the day est.
sweden calling! vm and kickstarter, two amazing things. even more amazing together!
@tiger :-)
hey everyone! i backed the project a while ago! can't wait for the movie to come out! been re watching all the shows over and over! hope everyone is well!
hey, carole.  rock and roll.
okay, so i'm officially a backer now. stoked!
@tigernightmare noticed a few minutes after i commented and immediately upgraded - what's $100 more?
we have 21 people so far.  look me up and i can add you.
nice pic @tiger how many people are in the skype group? didn't know you could create a group on skype.
@july i used that same picture for our skype group.
good point @ian ! you should send a message to rt and let him know about the idea.
if the "veronica mars" name is trademarked in the eu, but wb own the "veronica mars" tv & movie title, could we get the t-shirts with "veronica mars the movie" on, rather than no name at all...?
fyi, if you wanted the double fine adventure t-shirt, you had to pay $100 or more!
@helena there's signed posters if you go for $275 or more.  it's a bit more, but $75 is probably what i paid total for my dvds ages ago.
come on @tiger, allow a girl to hope. let's blatantly ignore that rt has practically confirmed lilly will not be in the film :p
@mansah & stephanie i dunno, we saw lilly being dead again and we're almost sure she won't be in the film.
just pledged $185, would've gone up a level but all of the signed posters are gone :'( oh well, just ridiculously excited that this is happening and that i am a part of it!
@mansah, i don't know if they are, but it kinda feels that they might be to me...
i just don't get this logic that because tim schafer is awesome and gives you a ton of stuff he has time for that rob thomas and co. are somehow less awesome or even cheatful for not having the time or money to be as involved.  i don't get where that sense of entitlement is coming from, especially since we're probably getting more actual content than the double fine kickstarter tiers.
@lilly, i saw these tweets early, am i the only one hoping that specific cast shouts is a hint they might be in the film?
rob t> " he's not verified but @pdaggsiii is the real percy daggs. congratulate him on becoming a dad. he's new to twitter. http://twitpic.com/chqxzl "
rob t> " #veronicamars #robthomas's wife katie @ #enricocolantoni http://instagram.com/p/xzjqslcktg/  "
rob t> " public defender cliff mccormack! brilliant voice actor daran norris @golfstoomuch with robthomas on… http://instagram.com/p/xzllokckv7/ "
don't know if this was posted already? its from 9h ago "#veronicamars #teddydunn in the makeup trailer http://instagram.com/p/xzmuvdikwv/  "
@robyn, i know that i have that option.  my point was that my primary objective in backing the movie was the movie itself, not any premium incentives i might have available.  if it's a choice between digital documentary, lots of gifts or a better movie.  i pick a better movie.  this isn't a pbs pledge drive after all.  i've made an initial pledge and will increase it as my budget permits, not based on gifts or backer incentives, but to make a better movie.  i appreciate the swag but that's not my motivation for increasing my pledge.
@michel a documentary about the making of a game is probably considerably easier an undertaking than a film production.  game developers tend to not have 16 hour work days.  for a game, pre-production is concept art, working out the story and the game mechanics.  production is 3d modeling, environment/map design, rendering, recording voice actors/motion capture and programming the game into code and then refining it through (hopefully) extensive testing.  for a film, it's all of that plus costumes, location scouting, stunt choreography, filming from 1 or more additional angles, scene lighting setups, so much other stuff i can't think of right now, but you get the idea.  things are crazy for rob thomas right now, i can't imagine how hectic his schedule will be when he's filming this summer.   if he hasn't already started on pre-production, he has about two months to work all of that out before they start shooting.  with 5 million, they have a month of shooting at most.  now, i'm certain after they head to the editing/post-production phase, we'll be getting a lot more updates and that's fine with me.  if they have no time for frequent updates, i'm absolutely fine with that.  i barely have time (or interest) to read the dozens of e-mails from each of the other projects i've backed. keep in mind that this documentary will accumulate several hundred if not thousands of hours of footage filming this from the beginning of the kickstarter to premiere day.  i hate to state the obvious, but they film hours of mostly nothing and attempt to craft a narrative from the events that occur.  maybe this will be like a standard forgettable dvd featurette, but you never know.  it could be the next hearts of darkness. i'm not exactly sure of the point of an internet forum for one movie.  they make more sense for games because they tend to have websites these days and a support/fan community is pretty rampant.  but i've never heard of any film that had its own official forum.  tim schafer also has the luxury of owning his own ip, while rob thomas has the misfortune of surrendering ownership of his creations to the studios in order for them to be made and seen.  warner bros. is not going to spend that money and this isn't exactly a payday for any of the talent involved, so i say be happy with tweets and kickstarter updates.  i am. everyone paying $10 or more gets a pdf of the script.  that's a reasonable reward that everyone can enjoy that won't offset the time and money needed to be put towards the actual film.  that's what everyone's here for.
taking kickstarter pretty serious guys
@craig you can choose for the entire pledge to go to the movie. just don't pick an incentive package.
@tiger, i totally agree.  i pledged originally because i liked the original series and wanted to see it get the ending it deserved in the form of a well written movie with talented actors.  while the tee shirts, dvds, digital downloads are all nice, i think the objective is to get a budget that will allow rob thomas to make the best move possible. i think we've already demonstrated there is a significant, committed fan base for this movie.  the swag is very much beside the point.  i would be perfectly happy if my entire pledge went to make a better movie and the only thing i got in return was the pleasure of seeing the final product.
@tiger are you aware of the double fine adventure (which basically started the kickstarter mania)? for 15 bucks they give you the game, access to private backer forums and a pretty professional documentary on the making of the game, while making the game (9 "big"25 minutes epísodes and a couple of side episodes so far). in the private forums they give you updates on different parts of making the game. kickstarter is not a preorder website. it is paying for something you believe in and being part of the process of making it. i am not saying everybody should get the same thing - i am saying something as essential as a documentary about the kickstarter process should be available to basically every backer at a reasonable level. if you pledge more, you should get better and more stuff. but the basic things (in this case the movie, the updates and the documentary) should be given to most backers. so give the spenders more stuff - posters, t-shirts, blurays, personal mesages, a rough cut - i don`t know. they pay more, they should get more. but give the kickstarter experience, which should include the documentary since we are all making it happen, to every backer that`s generous enough to give money to a movie, that is still a long way from even starting the production. when it only becomes an expensive preorder site, i believe it will run out of steam pretty quickly (because people can just wait and then grab the bluray for 10 bucks...).
and like i said before, if you want to save money, wait for the movie to hit amazon.  if you want to support the film's budget, spend more here.
@michel i'm the last one to accuse things of communism, but that's communism.  i don't want people who paid for lesser rewards to be given what the spenders are getting.  if it was a 5 minute youtube video, then fine, but "documentary" to me is an hour long, no shorter than half an hour.  for the frighteners, it was four hours long.  even if they just use digital camcorders, the time and manpower producing and editing that costs money.  rob says there's a "documentary crew", so they are probably being paid for their work.
bon 5 millions de dollars c'est possible! excellent chiffre! fan french de véronica et aussi fan de chuck!  film  aussi pour chuck après véronica! allez zach!!! lol
yup, it might be a legal issue. if thats the case and rob posts regular updates (maybe a production diary) than i am happy. but in the last time lots of projects (mostly video games) have gone away from really taking the backer on the journey of creating a game (think double fine adventure) to just letting them preorder a game with some updates along the way (think banner saga or shrouds of the avatar). and with this being the first big movie on here, i was just hoping its not just about letting people preorder stuff (for a pretty high prize), but letting them be part of the experience. oh and by the way, making this documentary available to all backers (or something like a daily vlog from the set) would have been a perfect stretch goal...
@michael, i'm pretty sure there'll be plenty of updates and stuff for all backers during the filming as well, i'm pretty sure rt indicated as much somewhere... do digital downloads of films often come with the extra material available with a physical dvd? if it doesn't it doesn't seem so strange that the documentary be limited to the latter -i still think it won't be limited to dvds bought during the pledging season, but i've emailed and asked...
@ michel the doc exists on the dvds and blu-rays. those have obviously been cleared for distribution in other countries. even though this is on kickstarter, vm still exists in the studio system and as such is mired in exactly the same legal and ownership problems that any hollywood movie has. even though it's a documentary it will still contains elements of the show warner bros. own and possibly music too. digital distribution of that requires the documentary alone to be cleared, which means more legal wrangling and something which will never been done in time anyway. plus it needs a distributing digital partner. which means going back to flickster and figuring something out. i have no doubt that rob will post some on set moments on youtube and make them available here. they might even be viewable in other countries! ;)
@ wai-yin: are you one of the folks of marsinvestigations.net? then let me tell you that your site is awesome. i have visited it time and again, and have marveled that you've kept it up over all these years. kudos to you.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php… https://www.facebook.com/photo.php… feel free to use these as well as any other pics i post!
the one thing i don`t like: only making the documentary available for 50$+ backers. backers shouldn`t just be people that preorder, but people that get an inside scoop of the production of something. so don`t just let us "preorder" stuff, make us part of the experience. regular updates from the set and make the documentary available via online streaming for every backer (or at least every backer, that gets the streaming version of the movie)...
thanks wai yin, that page is awesome!
added notes and more data to the totals page. now you can see how the various updates from rob affected the pledges. http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/totals
thanks robyn!
the facebook page for the movie just posted some awesome photos to use to promote the kickstarter campaign.  https://www.facebook.com/theveronicamarsmovie and make sure to join the backer's page! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850
i figured on adding some extra onto the pledge, to cover shipping
if you create a second account to get the t-shirt, and up the backer number, doesn't that double the shipping cost for two things going to the same address? i hope rt does make a 2-shirt award option - then seems like the shipping is minimized, but you can do a $1 pledge on your other account still if you want to help him reach his 90,000 backers goal.  not trying to be negative, just trying to sort through implications!
i'm still waiting before i finalize my pledge(s). i'm pretty much decided i'm gonna do what i have to in order to get both shirts. i'm wondering if their might be any other add-ons that might be made available this week. hence the waiting to finalize what i am doing. i wish i had had the money to get the signed poster, when i had the chance, but i kept pushing it off at the $200 level. i'll be happy with whatever i get. i'm just so excited about this movie. i literally can't think of anything else, at least not until this campaign is over with. i'm going to be useless at work this week!
@jesca - that would be great!
i know!  i am still hoping for some other merchandise options!  why did they ever mention that mars investigation stuff why?!?!
@tanya makes sense. hopefully the next update comes soon!
@ jennifer, you could just add 5-10 to your pledge and not go up any reward tier, that should help offset shipping costs.  hopefully they have some sort of mass mailing deal in place with someone, or already factored in shipping costs into reward tiers.
read the email about a lot of the money going to shipping costs for rewards.  is there any way to add an option to pass the shipping costs onto us?  like, when we have to choose which tshirt design or submit our shipping address?
@ jesca - it may have to be an add on rather than a new tier, because if you have already pledged higher, then adding to your pledge will not allow you to choose two rewards, unless the system has changed
@christoper & tanya i think rt is going to create a tier for people who want both t-shirts...he mentioned making it possible for people to have both in his update yesterday.
@tanya - i thought about doing the same, but i pledged a bit higher because i really wanted that signed poster :)
@ christopher - i am going to create a second account to get both
it's going to be hard picking one t-shirt from those awesome options! i want both!
i think 5 mil is a for sure thing now!! great job everyone!!
doesn't look like we'll hit enough backers, but i'm still confident in my 5.1m guess.
so excited to be part of this !!! all the way from the uk!!!! :) can't wait for my awesome t shirt!!!
:d - woo hoo!
4,75 million!!!
@lais - there are some places in malls that do the printing thing if you take the designs to them.
i wouldn't be surprised if our dvds and bds shipped directly from an amazon warehouse.
@mansah, thanks for the kind words, no worries as we are looking on the bright side of things :)
@lais, very true! it feels surreal i'm worrying how i'm going to stand waiting until its release when less than a month ago i wasn't getting a film at all.
there's also a spot as an extra available, for anyone able (and willing) :) @andrea, i'm sorry for you and your boyfriend! hopefully he'll find something else before long!
no remorse either... i've pledged as much as i'm comfortable with, unfortunately, i do have some other financial obligations. my reward (other than an awesome t-shirt and the pdf of the script) is knowing that i helped make the movie i've been waiting to watch for years! seriously, let's not forget that the biggest reward is the movie itself!
no buyers remorse, my boyfriend just lost his job so we have to be more budgeted. still supporting at the $50 level. have fun whoever grabbed the tickets we had to back out of!
are people feeling buyer's remorse? :( i wish i had the money to grab one of the big ticket tiers.
@jason i'm tempted but don't have the money. no chance for me!
@lais, how right you are. does frank capra also have children, then we'd be sorted.
did you guys see that percy daggs iii has a twitter and a 1 year one old? rob thomas just tweeted his twitter handle (still not verified) pdaggsiii. i just keep picturing percy's kid and kristen's kid doing some good old sleuthing together... new generation veronica mars! plus, ryan hansen and jason dohring also have kids, so you know you have a whole cast just there!
someone snatch that austin premiere plus party slot before i am tempted to splurge
@jenny: yeah! i definitely still believe :)
http://www.cafepress.de/mf/9057865/love_tank-top that's a great shirt! :)
hey everyone!  is it just me or was the weekend way to short? love's love is epic- we all know that- let's vote for them as the greatest tv- couple of all time!  http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/05/greatest-tv-couple-16-round/#more-246471
@lais, thanks for the link.... argh, the temptations!
i have the large version of that mars investigations mug and the quality is good.  i use it every day!
ok, so for the mug lovers out there, check this out: http://www.cafepress.com/+mars_investigation_mug,230768831 but if the quality seems off to you, there's the option of customizing it yourself! :) (also, not getting anything from cafepress, just wishing they were based in brazil...)
@lais, i'm sure rt or wb won't hold it against you. in any case, what's a girl to do when the things can't be got hold of otherwise. i'm with @ludovica though, not very creative but ceoveting that mars investigation mug badly. may look into the whole cafepress or elsewhere possibility...
@ lais, that's good advice, thank you! <3
from the way i understand it the behind the scenes ks documentry on the dvd sounds like something only offered when gotten from the ks campaign and not available via normal stores tho i of course could be wrong.  but i know a litte something about making dvd's (a good friend used to have a job in the a/v dept of my old job and making 2 different "versions" of a video, one with the extra chapter and one without, is actually rather easy to do so production of 2 "different" dvd's isn't a problem
@ludovica, there are probably websites that you can use to make yourself a mug, it shouldn't be too expensive! just search for a high quality image of the logo like this: http://ih3.redbubble.net/image.13329054.0409/sticker,375x360.u2.png and order it online! same thing for the buttons! cafepress.com does mugs for about $20, but you probably can find it cheaper!
@lais: i'm not that creative. :(  i would love love love to have a mug like the one kb drank from in the ks movie...
@john,  no word on that but im sure it will be available some time in the stores.. but my guess is without the documentary.. that is supposed to be reserved for backers..
i'm so making the stickers now... since it's so hard to get some vmars merchandise here in brazil, i'm making my own for sure... i hope rt doesn't mind i'm using the t-shirt logos since i'm not selling anything...
okay, i don't know why it got posted twice:s
@ludovica, of course, it's completely understandable:) and there may be a million other reasons why one might be a fan and not pledge -including not being fond of the whole kickstarting a studio film. i'm completely okay with whatever reason, they're all valid and sympathisable:) at the end of the day we made enough to make a film and we, backers and non-backers, are going to have a film, which is what matters in the end:d @lais, you should definitely post photos if you make something snazzy! (also, your description makes me so happy i am not in rt's shoes!)
@ludovica, of course, it's completely understandable:) and there may be a million other reasons why one might be a fan and not pledge -including not being fond of the whole kickstarting a studio film. i'm completely okay with whatever reason, they're all valid and sympathisable:) at the end of the day we made enough to make a film and we, backers and non-backers, are going to have a film, which is what matters in the end:d @lais, you should definitely post photos if you make something snazzy! (also, your description makes me so happy i am not in rt's shoes!)
the only thing described as 'limited edition is the t-shirt, which think would also suggest that the stuff on the dvd/bluray will be the same...
exactly @mansah! march/april has probably been beyond hectic for rob and everyone else. kb has a new baby at home and whenever rob isn't working on the script or giving out interviews, he's probably stuck in meetings with studio execs, etc. plus, he has been really great about keeping us on the loop, answering our messages and tweets and stuff.  so if there's something else i want at this point, i'm making it myself! :)
@ mansah, well of course it's a pity, but i can understand it. it's one thing to buy a t-shirt, it's another to buy a t-shirt you don't want and then having to pay taxes for it to get the one thing you wanted: the dvd. and i know there are people out there who'd love to up their pledge but really don't see a reason. there are the superfans, and then there are the normal supporters who will just shrug and turn away if they don't see anything that attracts them.
@john, i'd imagine it will (though it probably never hurts to ask)... rt has repeatedly stated that getting the things through kickstarter is pretty much just prebuying it, so i'd imagine the extra material will be the same... (i don't know, but it would probably be too expensive to produce two different dvds anyway)
does anyone know, or has it been stated yet, if the dvd/bluray that will eventually be sold in stores will also include the documentary? or do i have to get the dvd/bluray from kickstarter in order to see it?
@ludovica, it's a pity if this is holding back people from pledging, but hopefully they'll still go see the film when it's done, that's something :)
i hope they make the digital copy have an itunes option along with the uv option. i'm more of a itunes person myself, but i'll be happy either way. to have a copy of the movie legally before it comes out on blu-ray and the like makes me a very very happy camper. :)
yeah, that's one of the drawbacks of being attached to a big studio i imagine, everything has to be cleared with everyone before it can get done... but as you say @lais, there are ways of doing some of the thinsg yourself, and maybe other stuff will come out with the film... -i'm guessing it's easier to organise things bureaucratically when you have a year than when you have a month
i've said it before, and i'll say it now again, for the last time... i know people who don't pledge because they don't see the reason to. t-shirts's don't appeal to them, so they don't see the reason to pledge and pay taxes for stuff they don't want if the movie is fully pledged already anyhow. "give us more" isn't exactly a stretch goal.  they might like other things, as james just pointed out: stickers, mugs, pens...but it doesn't seem as if this was a thing they are going to add. oh,well.
@james i messaged rob about stickers, his response was "we love stickers", but i doubt he can do something like that so late in the game... adding another physical reward might turn out too much work or use too much money from the movie... but i would love stickers too, i might make myself some anyway, just download the files for the logos and print them out on adhesive paper or something.  to change your profile name and image, click on me and i think it's edit settings....
oh and iv done some "mac" as is cindy mackenzie inspired math and at this rate we need the counter to go up 2 backers per minute in order to break the last record and currently we are only averaging 1 backer every 2 minutes.  cmon people if we got $2 mil in the first 12 hours surely we can do $16k in 5 days since even the $1 pledge makes the count go up and we are only 16k people short of the final record
ok so i know its a dumb comment but how do i change my profile image? also what do you guys think of my 2 previous ideas?
hi all! welcome to the new wonderful backers! and thanks to all the backers that created a second account and/or bullied their significant others into backing this too!
if buttons are to costly or hard to make how bout stickerz? for your car or anything else you wanna "plaster" your support onto.
good morning!  just heard that rt is having a party in texas?? so insanely jealous of all you lucky-duck marshmallows who are going!!!  while i'd love to go, sadly, i can't. :( (i'm in ca) but i'll be there in spirit!  huzzah, vm!!
jon - yeah. i think we've been missing each other.
how do we get more backers?  this counter needs to go up faster!
hey marilia!  long time no see!
hi lyz! hey jon!
hi lyz!  tanya!
love the shirts but after seeing them had an idea you could make  vm movie ks backers buttons using the same style as the shirts since they are already circular in design and have that be the "prize for the $! bledge level or if it costs more the a buck to make then add a $3 or $5 pledge and have the buttons be the prize for those!
morning!
and everyone else
hello jon
any vm fans near the detroit area want to meet up and celebrate the ks the finale?
good morning everyone =)
you're all welcome to join us in our skype chat.  just look me up and add me.
i love all you've done in tiered gifts! i'm thrilled about the party in texas, which you really didn't have to do but did, and am sorry i can't make it. i'm not going to ask you for anything else because you're doing far more than could be hoped for! here's hoping you break the kickstarter record and get enough for the excellent movie you want to make! i'll be there!
15312 backers needed.
@christian & joy; glad to have you both on board! :d
okay. i've been following this project since day 1 and i can't call myself a true vm fan if i don't do something. can't help it. used my card online for the first time. pledged. feel much better nao. hi guys.
hi, i am from austria and happy to tell that my family and me are backing this project too.
if we get $50.000 each day we should make it, so there are reasons to be hopeful... :)
c'mon! 5 million in 5 days!!! go hard!!!
lol ^_^ true @tiger but for people using debit cards it's april 12th lol
i won't have to pay for this until may due to the magic of credit cards.
i hope everyone have money in their accounts when april 12th comes around. that's when they will take the money from everyone so please beware!! :)
just a thought:  offer an incentive for backers to up their pledges. for example for those who pledged between $10-$75, offer both tshirts if they up their pledge to $100. for those who pledged $100 or up, offer autographed shirts if they up their pledges.
@mansah,  i know, i've been seeing the same things.  the reason i thought this was significant is because it's the first time i've seen teddy's name... anyway, i guess we'll see (and that makes me happy!) take care.
happy to back this project. looking forward to getting one of the t-shirts :)
@kelly, i wish i could trust the imdb page but it's been changing a lot since the start of the project, sometimes adding sometimes removing. it gets my hopes up and then makes me nervous again. still, thanks for sharing :)
good morning!  just wanted to let everyone know that the imdb page for the vm movie has been updated to include teddy dunn, tessa thompson and aaron ashmore!  they are all listed as rumored, but still, their names were not there yesterday...  (!!) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2771372/
@tiger, the latter is something i definitely cannot hold against them. i don't even want to think about how many they have to sign as it is.
oh, i know why they reduced the amount of signed posters.  to accommodate the $275 tier.  and also to not have to sign another 1,000 posters.
hey marshmallows, vote for love as the best tv-couples of all time- cause we all know their love is epic :) http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/05/greatest-tv-couple-16-round/#more-246471
@kelsey; urgh, that is so unlucky. i feel bad for you.
i'm so happy to finally join the backers community, i can't wait to see this movie =d
missed the show in it's original run, but as a lifelong scifi/fantasy fan, i sympathize with fan battles to beat the odds.  plus, with this show having the endorsement of joss whedon, kevin smith and stephen king, three storytellers i greatly admire, well...better late than never, i suppose. i'm in.
we launched our kickstarter project on the same day!  so awesome to see you've got double the funds you need.  keep it up!
thanks adam!  and yes @kristen - the soundtrack!
@keely welcome aboard.
add the soundtrack too!!!!
thanks tiger!
@vmistm, i understand your pain.  i live in nyc, but i had previously booked a flight down to austin to visit my friends there (i graduated from ut 2 years ago).  however, i don't arrive until saturday, which means a difference of 24 hours will keep me from attending! :(
welcome, keely.
i have been holding off donating, but i just couldn't hold out any longer - i had to be a part of this.  (bills, groceries, my kid's birthday...nahhhh!) ;-) i have been a vm fan since day one and still completely obsessed in my nearly-30s!  haha and proud of it!  happy to be one of the backers now!
youth vs. veronicamars-related-events-and-meeting-rob-thomas-omg the choice is clear.
i would still watch veronica marsh.
i know it was mentioned in the show, but i would much rather be known as a martian than a marshmallow.  after all, she isn't named veronica marsh.
children, give me your youth.  give me your yooooooooooooouth.
i'm on an endless emotional rollercoaster, omg rob thomas, you're killing me. to put this in context, i'm a 19 year old college student/austinite. "austin, we're having a premiere here that you can go to!" "if you pay 72312978391273019328923 dollars." "but you can enter this drawing for free tickets!" "but the chances of you winning are super unlikely" "hey, we're going to have a party for you in austin, all backers can come!" "except for you, you're not 21 yet." omgwhyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy. i live, breathe, and eat marshmallow.
@adrienne dog and duck is a restaurant and bar, so they may allow under 21  at certain times. could not find confirmation on the website though. you might call and ask.
update 15 made my friend and i sad. we're ut students, but not 21 yet. couldn't 18+ go as long as they didn't drink?
god, i wish i lived in austin. that would be so cool. sadly, i'm working my butt off from 10-9 friday and saturday.
if anybody wants something to pass the time while we wait to hit 4.8 mil, go vote for love as greatest tv couple of all time on ew.com :) http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/05/greatest-tv-couple-16-round/#more-246471
let rob know how re-energized the fan-base is and how much we all appreciate him, kristen and the rest never giving up on getting this movie to the fans!
@lais will do. just waiting to see if my parents have any marriott points to see if i can afford a hotel. i think it's a once in a lifetime opportunity!
it would take me eleven hours to drive to austin.
@ lais i will be bring my camera to record as much as possible.
@robyn if you go, please take a camera and lots of pictures! :)
it would be great if whoever goes would give us updates and maybe be able to pass on messages from those of us who can't go!
as much as i'd like to be there in austin for the kickstarter party, it'd cost as much as having pledged for a premiere and after party ticket. :)  have fun everyone!
just read the update, have a good buddy that lives in austin, he has not contributed, but maybe this will push him over the edge!  i am gonna forward him the update, that's for contributors only, hope i don't get in trouble!
omg!!!!!!!!! i'm so attempting to drive the 3.5 hours to austin, spend the night, and come back. it's a once in a lifetime opportunity!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i will definitely be there!!
so wish i lived in austin!
oh lucky fans from the austin, tx area! did you guys see the new update just now?
@debbie... they might not be able to put kickstarter in the t-shirts for legal reasons... don't forget kickstarter is a trademark, even if they're using the kickstarter plataform, that probably doesn't allow them to use the site's name in merchandise.
@fiatluxury oh my god, now that you've mentioned it, there is nothing i want more in my life than the neptune grand robe.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
another thought: if they were to sell swag outright, for fundraising after the kickstarter project, in addition to a t-shirt in homage to the  my little pony "thug life" tattoo veronica had from the "mars, bars" episode, i would also like an option to purchase a neptune grand hotel bathrobe, as (not) featured in the 3rd season paul rudd episode.  i would wear the hell out of a neptune grand hotel bathrobe.
@laurel i might just go and stand outside the premier... just to get to see everyone there!
offer more austin premiere tickets and i'm so there.
thanks robyn!
@tanya yes especially the relationship between katniss and rue.
$62,951 raised today!!!!!!!!!!! let's keep watching the numbers rise. come on rob! give us something to help with this final push!!!!!!!!!!!!!
where's our daily update????????????
i just feel that the sister in the books was portrayed as a bit less real and present.  the mom in the book to me was just absent and relied on katniss for everything, the sister was way more naive than in the movie.  i don't know, i just thought the relationships in the book were better explained than in the movie.  and yes, the whole thing between peeta and katniss, and gale.  it was just not developed well in the movie.
@tanya why you say the mom and the sister? also i felt like he left alot of stuff out that was important to the series as a whole.  one major thing imo was the ending i didn't like the changed bc how it ended in the books between peeta and katniss setup for the rest of the books, it shows what type of people peeta  & katniss are and how confused she is about peeta. you don't get that from the movie and i had to explain alot of stuff to friends who didn't read the books. i had a friend who thought peeta was a wuss by watching the movie but when i explain what he was doing and his personality from the books she loved him.
@christine it seems unlikely, but not impossible.  i'm pretty sure they'll only be attending the premiers in tiers marked "cast and creators".  but ask if you want it while including your hometown.  they just might make it worth your while.
@ lilly - there was just something lost in translation in the movie.  i wanted to like it more than i did, because i loved the books.  could not put them down!  i don't think peeta was done justice, but neither were the mom or the sister.
@christine - i don't know, that would be a good question to ask rob, there is a contact me button by his pic to the right.
@tanya yea, i understand you i also felt like the movie didn't do peeta justice, i felt gary took alot away from his character. he was so much more in the books. hopefully francis lawrence captures him better
if i get the private movie screening reward, will the cast and crew including rob be there as well?
the books are great!! i couldn't put them down, every chapter leaves you with a cliffhanger making you want to read the next one. and every book is a cliffhanger that makes you want to read the next one lol so addicting. @marilia really??
i read the books and then watched the movie, as usual, the books were way better than the movie, i thought the movie dragged a bit, but was good overall.  at least it stuck to the book, but it did not quite hold the suspense that the book did.
i don't like first person narrative.
i watched it and tried reading the books, but the present tense narration got on my nerves.
i have watched it. i keep hearing that the books are great.
anyone read or watched the hunger games?
can i just say how freaking awesome us vm fans are? sit back and look at what we've done marshmallows. no really, take a look.  :)
@christian - baby was already born end of month march, so i am guessing they are going to be happy with however ks looks this summer
ok so are they going to have vm pregnant or are they betting on an on time baby and very fast loss of baby wight?
i love the blinds t-shirt design, but i would most definitely like it more with the added veronica kyle davis design!!!
i have not seen veronica mars since it originally aired.  i really don't remember a lot of the  story lines, looking forward to revisiting the show.
perhaps meg and lilly can have cameos,  appearing as ghosts at the sidelines of the reunion.
@melissa well, i hope there wouldn't be.  anyone selling goods they don't have is running a scam.
rob doesn't have to call, me i know he appreciates my donation.  though a call from kristen would be nice :)
if anyone wants to sell their premiere tix i need another pair. haven't seen any on ebay or craigslist.
an end credits song will probably be the funniest part of the movie.
blue like jazz the director was steve taylor
i heard of this kickstarter project where the director promised he would personally call every backer who donated over $10 to thank them...rob you up for making 71,259 phone calls?
15897 backers needed
@karina i would love mars investigation pens or calendars... though i do like @catrin's idea too... i can totally see it in my head, the whole cast doing one way or another as the credits are rolling. (and then all of us pausing and replaying it over and over again)
how's this for a strech goal if we get to 87142 backers and 5 mil they'll include mars investigation pens and or calenders as well. or something else equally cool!
@kcsdallas i know... :/  it would be fun, though. i've always loved the way she played lilly... despite lilly being a little bit of a b**** and a diva, her friendship with veronica was really the stuff of legends for me!
i don't think she would charge that much. @catrin i tweeted rob your stretch goal idea.
@ lais amanda would cost way too much to hired
@michael i think amanda has the monopoly on the logan's murdered girlfriends theme... @candice yep! but as rt has said, there's dead and there's tv dead!
she should officially be the only actress allowed to play logan's murdered girlfriends :p
@laid that would be a creepy twist lol
amanda seyfried should play logan's murdered pop star girlfriend.... lol... she does pull off murdered very well...
oh, man.  i'm not sure if i can vote against desmond and penny.  i'm torn.
@jason: hahaha, yesss!
lol jason
$5 million stretch goal to add stretch goals! :p
come on 5 mil!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hi guys! please don't forget to vote for logan and veronica for greatest t.v. couple. they're up against desmond and penny from lost. remember their love is epic! visit http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/05/greatest-tv-couple-16-round/
skype is easier to get than claumydia.
sorry that was @catrin. damn autotype
@carrion you should suggest that directly to rob thomas.  there is a contact me link under his picture here, and he is very active on twitter @robthomas
@ catherine - it is free to download and use except for some things.
i'd take any stretch goal at this point. lol
@catrin the cast singing a song during the credits is brilliant! i'd pay more for that.
so i am keen for the project to claim another kickstarter record but maybe there should be a special stretch goal - like if we make it to 90k the cast of the movie will sing a special thank you song as part of the movies end credits to all the kickstarters.
i don't have skype :(.
to those of you who haven't, come join us on skype.
@stephanie i thought so! damn it. i need to catch up on his interviews.
@kerryann, yes, we already knew this. rob has commented on it in several interviews...
evening guys! i don't know if anyone has already brought this up but ill ask anyway, did anyone read http://tvline.com/2013/04/02/jason-dohring-veronica-mars-movie-cast/ which the vmars twitter sent out?  it says that the film is about logans murdered pop star girlfriend! is that something we already knew and im late to the game as usual?
@l catherine, my mom teaches elementary writing. my dad is a preacher, but loves history and politics.
@stephanie, that is what my dad taught, except the ap. the man loves history. my mom was a elementary reading teacher.
@l catherine i teach u.s. history, government and ap government. i was a government/politics major in college--
@stephanie - what do you teach in high school?
there should be way more backers for this project.  obviously a lot of fans have no clue about this.  i was obsessed with the show when it aired.  i would not have known about this project if it wasn't for wikipedia.  i was looking up some of my favorite shows.  when i got to the veronica mars page, it said there would be a movie.  best news in a very long time.  i'm sure there are a lot of fans who simply don't know this is happening.  they need to know.
@mansah, that's the goal, however, i have to find something that i can do while i am still working. that's the difficult part. though, more and more schools are offering more online options, which is helpful.
@stephanie, that sounds interesting and very topical, i'm sure you can find a college that would happily allow you to pursue that interest!
i still keep in contact with my undergrad advisor (she taught almost all of my major classes). she taught me how to analyze and almost how to be a detective of sorts. when i started my first major job, the social worker and i would figure things out about families before the doctors and nurses would just by some computer searches.
getting my master's now, there is so much homework!!! a huge paper for every class, every week! :(
i didn't have to write a thesis for my first master's, either, but i more than likely will for the second, since it will be in politics. however, i already know what i want my focus to be. i'm interested in how the media (not the news media, but the entertainment aspect) influences politics and how politics influence the media. i touched on this a bit on a paper in college, and it was one of my favorite papers that i wrote. so, if i can do that, then i will be set.
it wasn't necessarily expected of me, but i love learning and analyzing and researching. probably why i over-analyze every television show i watch, every movie i see, and every book i read. i haven't been in school since 2009, now and i really miss it! i'm good at being a student, and miss discussing and analyzing things on a higher level. you just don't get that from teaching students, even ap students, because they just aren't at that level yet. i enjoy introducing them to some of what they will do in college, but instead of the just doing it and having discussions, i'm just giving them a taste and teaching them what they will be doing in higher education.
i will never get a doctorate. too much work. i didn't have to write a thesis for my masters. just 600 hours of internship.
thanks for explaining :)
yup, what stephanie said. also, my parents expected me to get a masters since they both had them.
@mansah: i have an undergraduate degree and a master's degree. depending on what field you go into, i would say that is completely normal. i am a teacher, and would one day like to teach at the collegiate level, which would require me to have a master's in the field that i would teach (which i currently don't have, hence returning to school), and be an adjunct or associate professor or a doctorate degree. most people who go to college, i would say, only get one undergraduate degree, though if you switch careers, etc. you could potentially have more. the higher up you go, the more likely to have multiple degrees or concentrations at the same level--hence two master's or two doctorates, etc.
(also if it is i am totally jealous)
@stephanie, i hear you! my parents are retired teachers. i have my bs and ms (i am a certified child life specialist) but i just finished an aas in paralegal studies. now i am thinking about nursing because i love working with kids and paralegals just don't get to do that very much (i emphasized in family law etc) with children. right now i work for the ymca before and after school program. don't get paid much...
@stephanie & catherine, out of curiosity, is it normal to have 3+ college degrees in the us? or how does it all work? (btw totally sympathise with the student loans ordeal. i'm so glad that the signed posters are all gone because a part of me was frighteningly close to forgetting how stupid that would be)
@l catherine. i know all about student loans. i'm a teacher, and my certification ends next year, so i am going to wait until that to start another degree (not in education), but in politics, which will still give me points to my 2nd re-certification in another 5 years. the only good thing is that i can defer the payments i already have for my undergrad and first masters degree...ahh--the good life, bills upon bills with no end in sight!
$4.7 million!!!  today's not exactly my day, but at least i can come on here and check the counter!
i am going to get a refund but i just finished getting my 3rd college degree and will have to start paying that back soon. although i do want to go back for one more degree. hmmmm.
each month (about) for the past year i've spent some money on things for my new home...yeah, this month, not happening--instead it's going to veronica mars movie...although, i thought i was going to get a tax refund, and instead i'm having to pay, so that put a big damper on what i would have liked to have pledged...grr, taxes!
i can't afford to up mine anymore but if another package around this same amount is introduced with something i am more interested in, i may switch. i can't afford the package i have now. (i worked overtime the other day so i can afford it).
i really wish it was summer-time, so i could sit home all day and watch this ticker, like i have been this last week. next week my focus at work is going to be blown! i had so many high hopes for getting work done this week, but alas, nothing was accomplished, but watching this site. luckily my work for next week was mostly completed before i left for spring break. at some point i need to double check that i am good to go and plan for sunday school and youth group tomorrow, so the kids aren't looking at me like i've lost it! but, man, what an accomplishment for the marshmallows : )
@ stephanie - i am with you.
i have a feeling there are probably a lot of people, like me, waiting to see what announcements rob is going to make this week before we up our pledge and/or create a 2nd account. i'm almost 100% that i am going to get both t-shirts, just waiting to see in what manner i will do this, and if there are any smaller add-ons that might become available. i definitely see us hitting the $5 million mark!
i hope get 4.8 tomorrow.
posted to the backers facebook page... but it applies here in much larger proportions... "if every member of this page upped their donation by $1, we'd have an additional $680! if every member upped their donation by $2, we'd have $1360 more pledged... if every member upped their donation by $5, we'd have $3400 more pledged!!!!!! think about this... it's the amount of one large starbuck's coffee, one box of cereal, one package of chicken... it's completely doable!"
you guys have to understand the number of backers don't indicate the number of people who want a veronica mars movie or the amount of people who will see the movie
10,000 comments!  woot woot!
and yet another milestone - 10,000  total comments since we started!
<---- is very happy. especially because the numbers are going up not down.
me too love those round numbers!!!!
10,000 comments! (i'm a sucker for milestones!)
omgosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4.7 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 5 million here we come!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:d
it's back.
welcome back $4.7 million!
boom.
well that was mean.
every blooming time, do they know how to torture us or what?
$4.7 !!!!
what happened...????
it went back down... why did it go back down???????? somebody's playing with us!
4,7 come back! i saw you there for a second.
4.7 million welcome
yes!!!
and we've hit $4.7 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@stephanie - the guy i was dating when the series was on refused to watch it. he would cover his ears if i said the word blonde. i so enjoyed torturing him. but who wants to date a guy who hates my favorite show?
just got back from seeing the new gi joe movie and ryan is in the beginning! i grinned an told my sister "that's ryan hansen from veronica mars!" she wasn't impressed. this is the sister who won't watch no matter how much i bug her! but i was happy!
here's the link to our facebook page for the backers! invite all your friends to like the page and try to get more donations! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850
yeah, i agree with robyn. all things considered, it is a low enough number. i think there should be more activity on the veronica mars facebook page. they should be a bit more aggressive trying to encourage people to pledge, even if it's only a dollar or so...
@robyn makes sense...well hopefully the # of backers goes up too then!
i thought we would be at 4.7 now.
obsessively refreshing until we get to $4.7!!!
@jesca the amount pledged is more important to this movie, the number of backers is more important to the possibility of another season or a sequel to the movie. if everyone who watched the show when it ended had backed this campaign, we'd be at over 3 million backers! in actuality, this is a very low number.
hopefully rt will come out with some higher tiers soon..i feel like worrying about the amount pledged is more important to the overall movie then the number of backers.
@amy $43,661
@balabanto the numbers keep changing... it really all depends on what rt comes out with in the next few days...
@balabanto, i really really hope you are right!
4.7 million is in sight. we can get to 6. i know it.
what's today's total so far?
now we have 2 more than 71'000
now we added 3!  woo-hoo!
booooo.
we lost one?
noooo mines gone back to 70,999?
yay, 71.000:d
71,000 marshmallows!!!
whoa, yeah, i see that now! haha, 71,000 is what i meant!
yay! now i can go recycle.
finally!
i know!  and i am trying to get some work done.  but that tracker, being so close to 70,100 and 4.7 is driving me batty.
yaaaaay 71,000 :)
1 more backer! come on :)
we're hitting 71,000 soon, but 80k is a ways off.
whoops, i meant "come on". dang technology! :)
come 80,000 backers! so close!!!
ok... we're soooooooo close to $4.7 million! i just want the numbers to hit already!!!!!!!!
i don't want to go to the store until it switched to 71,000, but it's taking forever! one more person!
awesome, i am, had some time at 7 this morning, so i got on and found you :)  ty!
if you're the same tanya from skype, you've been added to the group.
it is also quiet in here today.
well, that was a steep drop off.  we did 8,000 in the previous hour but only 700 in this hour so far.
we are supposed to get a daily update right?  so excited! <3
low projection is $52,000, but the numbers are moving too fast for the average to be accurate.  split the difference for $75k?
that can't be right.  an early calculation tells me we'll have over 102,000 today.
we'll hit 4.7 at the end of the hour.
list of modern films made for $10 million or less that were successful. :) http://www.denofgeek.us/movies/18683/top-50-modern-day-low-budget-movies
@chip...i've heard of face off, but never watched it. i like project runway, cupcake wars, wipeout, and the voice...if the voice counts as reality tv.  toddlers and tiaras is my guilty pleasure. it's so wrong, but so entertaining! :)  i've never wasted my time with the kardashians, or jersey shore...it just doesn't appeal to me at all.
*half
@chip - i love face off. have the fun for me is seeing how they construct the make ups. i've always been fascinated by the whole effects thing. :) i'm still in awe of some cape one of the contestants did by just painting latex onto the floor, hehe.
**$4.7 million...whoops.
almost to $4/7 million!! we can do it!!! :)
watching the bachelor tipsy is hilarious, though. just saying. same with full house, actually.
as far as reality tv goes, i watch face off. it is a special effects makeup show on syfy. each week the contestants have to design some new creature or thing. i like it as it really rewards skill and creativity.
i agree with balabanto and tiger, reality tv has attributed to the decline of our society, all these shows like jersey shore, the bachelor, and honey boo boo offer nothing positive in their existence. and there is absolutely no difference between liking one of those shows ironically and actually liking the show.
am a total sucker for so you think you can dance, but they don't actually do much in the way of "candid" behind the scene stuff - it's really just dancing, even if the judges are idiots and it comes down to a popularity contest.  that's pseudo-reality i can get behind!
you better redneckognize.
@kate--i tend to think of reality tv in varying categories...competition series and reality shows. i will admit to watching competition series, whereas other reality shows (real housewives, swamp people, duck dynasty, etc.) i don't watch, at least not anymore. i will admit, shamefully, to watching laguna beach and the hills when i was younger...plus side to that is knowing who lauren conrad is, since her line at kohl's is very flattering to most figure types!
ok, because i really do enjoy those crazy challenges. :)
candice gets it.
@kate now, i watch project runway too. i like competition reality shows, but not the docudrama reality shows.
@kate, people would say that's a reality competition.  there's at least some substance there, unlike the shows that proceed to make a weekly documentary about people who do nothing.
@kyle davis - that really is a cool little addition to an already cool shirt.
does project runway count as reality tv?
hope this will be a successful movie, very big fan.
@criag. i couldn't agree more!!
less than ten thousand away from 4.7 million. if it doesn't come in the next twenty minutes, i'm going to miss it. :(
off to campaign on facebook for awhile! bb at $4.7 mil
have to jump in on the discussion here.  i couldn't agree more with those who can't stand reality tv.  it is the methamphetamine of tv.  cheap to produce, highly profitable, and for some highly addictive.  i've never seen the appeal myself.  the last "reality" show i watched was season 4 of "the real world."  i think it's just a matter of people wanting to see how others deal with lives more screwed up than their own or indulging their desire to peek at the lives of pseudo celebrities as they crash and burn.  give me a good scripted drama or well written comedy any day.
when vmars was streaming on netflix, i tried to get my college roommate into vmars. she only watched the first episode. she was obsessed with true blood.  my whole college was obsessed with true blood. my creative writing professor even put something about it in our syllabus.
@amber and @candice, well, it was originally supposed to be this week, but my sister and her friend who are coming to the party have their jr/sr banquet at college tonight, so we moved it for them. it worked out better, so that my college room-mate could come, too! can't wait--snickerdoodles, ice-cream sundaes, pizza and s(un)kist :)
just say no to reality shows.
@stephanie that sounds fun. i got my mom into vmars last year when it started coming on soapnet. she's super excited about the movie.
@stephanie that sounds like a blast! i am so jealous! glad you get to have a vmars party, though :)
@balbanto--amen. can't stand reality shows. why can't people watch something that actually took thought and talent to create.  @amber and @candace, i think i might be quite lucky in that i know 5 v.mars fans. i'm having a mars marathon next saturday where i'm asking everyone to choose their favorite episode to watch, and one of the girls that i know is bringing another friend who is a fan, so i will be upping my count to 6 :) however, all of those girls that are fans are fans because i introduced the show to them!
reality shows are sucking the life out of the us.
@candice, i know.. it's disappointing. i know two vmars fans.. and that's including my husband. haha! @stephanie, literally lol'ed.
don't they have a show set in the louisiana bayou too. i think it's called bayou billionaires or something. i'm always seeing commercials for that and duck dynasty.  *shudder* i hate reality shows.
@amber. i have only three friends that are vmars fans. i thought there were more. :(
@amber, i'm in virginia and i hear about duck dynasty all the time. never seen it, but my sisters have. evidently some of them were in town recently. my dad and i were at a local restaurant and this couple that looked like they were from the beverly hillbillies walked in. i surreptitiously, took a picture of them, and showed my sisters later, and they think that it was a couple of people from that show.
@amber. i hate atlanta. i'm closer to new orleans so i'm hoping for a theater there. most of the people i know obsess over scandal and ncis. i don't watch either.
(to clarify, 3/4 coworkers are fans of duck dynasty.. not vmars. lol)
@emily, you can just up your donation by like 10 bucks to cover your shipping, without upping your reward tier, and voila! you've paid for your own shipping.
@candice i work in an office where 3/4 coworkers are fans. good to meet a fellow alabama fan on here! looks like we'll be driving to atlanta..  :)
@amber i live in alabama. i never heard anyone talking about duck dynasty.
wai-yin, that website is awesome! thank you for compiling so much good information! i was pretty bummed to discover that alabama isn't one of the top twenty supporting states.. but i guess it's not very surprising. i'm originally from florida.. :) a lot of people here just don't get vmars. now duck dynasty? more up their alley (i've never seen it, but i hear about it almost on a daily basis).
you should make it an option for people to pay for their own shipping. i bet a lot of people would opt to do that so it wouldn't take it out of your budget. i know i would!
blaze is just dick with a different name...i swear! so funny :)
just blaze bein' blaze
ryan is hysterical! the 3rd season of burning love on yahoo! starts next friday and will have both ryan (dick) and ken marino (vinnie) in it! kristen was in the first season, as well. i sometimes have to pause it because i am laughing so much!
i had a dream last night that ryan played a prank on the fanbase by claiming he was busy all summer and couldn't do the movie. it was horrible.
@wai-yin - thank you for this! always helpful to see the goals in black and white - you did a great job on that.  i'd love to see this plotted with the major announcements (countries added, t-shirt designs) but i guess that's already pretty obvious with the big jumps in daily donations, eh?  very cool.
@wai-yin--brilliant. i love looking at the stats! happy that dc and virginia are up high on the lists, as that means that the likelihood of the film coming to a theater near me is pretty good :)
i wonder how long it will take us to get this last 16,000 to get to 4.7 million
@wai-yin, that looks brilliant (everything is always better with a countdown clock. also, as i'm guessing you're one of the people behind the site i have to say that is an impressive and awesome piece of work!
i've added a page to keep track of the kickstarter pledges and backers. http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/stats/totals
@tanya - thanks. :)
good morning! i just sent rob a message asking if people from outside of europe (i am from canada) would be able to choose from the slight variation t-shirts offered to europeans. i know this may seem unfair but it was just a question.
@ marilia - they will ask when they do the survey about what shirt, etc.
question about shipping - do you know if they'll use whatever address we have listed on amazon already, or will they ask us for the shipping address later?
for the record, and due to the wetpaint article, i don't think rob ect. are greedy.   movies are expensive.  more money means more movie (longer, better effects, more locale whatever).   we all understand the logic of that.  we know what we've agreed to and what we get on our end.   we have free will to decide how much and how often to donate.  i decide the value of the incentives for myself and if i want to donate $1 or $1000 it isn't a reflection on rob.  i understand i won't profit personally from the movie.  i just want a movie and some cool items.
@ de you have a great attitude. other whiny people take note.
so close to $5 million.  time to step up the campaign to get friends to donate.
if you can't use "veronica mars" on the european t-shirts, it's not a problem. make it a "mars investigation" t-shirt instead !
i wish i could donate more, but i just lost my job.  the other positive of this movie being made, is people who missed the show are interested in it now.  my younger brother has my boxset right now.
@alex - i think 2 mil was the minimum they could make a good movie for.  i think it would not have been the movie rob envisioned, but it still would have been a great movie.  now we get a movie with more.  and this was to let wb know that there was interest in the movie, that was clearly stated more than once.  wb was behind this only if fans would contribute the necessary amount.  so i don't feel like it give ks a bad name.  in fact, it introduced me to ks and has now gotten me to back other projects.
@alex, i don't think it sounded like that at all. i'm sure he would have made an amazing film for two million, this is just a way to encourage people to continue and to try and explain why it will make a difference. i'm not that familiar with kickstarter in general but i think this is his way of giving us stretch goals (which it seems are fairly common for kickstarter projects that make their goal relatively quickly) -because for legal reasons he can't give us any specific ones (fear of later legal repercussions i'd imagine).
way harsh
that seems a little harsh alex s.
did anyone else hate the new update as much as me? i guess i'm glad they made more then two million because i guess according to rob that movie would have sucked. its crap like that in my opinion that gives kickstarter a bad name. i'd almost guess rob didn't expect to make the pledge and just wanted to show wb that people wanted this movie. if you can't make it for less then 10 million rob tell us now!!!!
i really hope that rob and cast get the make the movie that they want to make!  i think the fans are doing an excellent job of keeping the momentum going and keeping the numbers up!
still not sure which design to go with, leaning towards neptune noir... kyle's addition to the mini-blinds was a great idea. and the having it as a hoodie is also a good idea, haha... i wonder if they could open up an online gift store (with international shipping of course) and sell mars investigation pens and mugs and stuff where the profit would also go to the movie...
@kyle davis i like your finishing touch. it instantly added more character to the shirt (figuratively as well as literally).
why wouldn't the £400 twitter reward option be available to international followers?
@lc yea i did the same with s1& s2 i feel like skipping around with s3 but i want to watch it straight through. i'm going to try my best lol.
@lily. i tend to jump around when watching season 3. when watching 1 and 2 i go straight through. i've been watching online lately because i have worn some of the dvds out. i take great pride in that. :)
i will finish it  bc it does have some great episodes but as a whole it doesn't keep me wanting to watch the next episode after i finish one.  it's more like i'll get to it when i get to it rather then with the first  2 season i watched them back to back with little breaks
i tend to stop watching season 3 when veronica and logan are about to break up... but i did finish it yesterday and there really are some great episodes, i almost forgot about them!  but yeah, it took me longer too
@l catherine. the last part is incredibly sad, but in my opinion also has some of the best episodes of series 3 which more than make up for the sadness...
i agree, there were some great episodes in season 3 but i have not watched the last part of the season in a long time because it is so sad. i will watch it right before the movie comes out.
that thought we we're dumb lol and they were the ones confused.
there are some very good episodes in 3. the problem is they don't hang together as well as 1 and 2. rob got knifed by the cw. he was told to make shorter plots. they thought people were confused.
for all that have or are still re-watching s3 did it take you longer to watch s3 then s1&s2? i'm dragging s3. i don't know i'm just not connecting to the season but i want to finish it. i just finished disk 1 yesterday.
what would i be willing to pay for: desk calendar, magnets, key rings, mugs, coaster, mouse mat, canvas bag. all of these should be pretty easy to produce since designs for t-shirts can be applied. but like many eu fans i'll be happy to go with digital stuff so how about screen savers and ring tones
@fiatluxury; i'm pretty sure it means there will be a women's t-shirt: at least rt tweeted a different photo of the miniblinds one with a female model...
@claudia, i really like the idea of mars investigations :)
just finished my vm pre-movie marathon and man, that last episode sucks.  not the quality of it, but the just can't-catch-a-break, lose/lose, horrible-sinking-feeling brutality of her, sending her dad to jail (probably.)  ugh.  whatever else happens in this movie, i hope to god there's a redemption between them that rinses the taste of the final ep from my mouth for good.  and on that note... sweet dreams to me.
one more call for you to please include a digital only tier for europe. i want to back you more and i want a digital copy, but i don't want to pay import taxes on a t-shirt i never wanted in the first place!
this kickstarter is definitely having an effect on things.  i ordered veronica mars seasons 1-3 from amazon 2 weeks ago and the prices have skyrocketed since then.  season 1 now costs 3 times what i paid. crazy.   also, i am really liking the show so far, glad i am backing,  very happy this sort of crowd funding is happening! the future of media culture is looking bright with possibilities.
in my calculations, assuming the rhythm keeps going a little up until the end, we will be 5000 short in backers. also, i'm worried about the tshirts for europe ; no veronica mars anywhere on the shirt is useless. furthermore, how is it possible to buy brands tshirts from outside the eu and not in this case (because it is a buy).  hope just like for the pledges rob will resolve this problem.
couldn't be happier that this movie is finally going to be made, was a brilliant series & will stay as 1 of my all time favourites. money well spent!!!
over 70,000 backers! i bet they couldn't imagine that many people wanted a veronica mars movie so much that they were willing to pay for it :) it goes to show how many people loved this show and how many want an ending we deserve :)
kickstarters have fulfillment partners who reduce the cost of shipping by having a business relationship with a parcel service or services.  if amazon can afford to give you free shipping for spending $25 or more, so can the fulfillment partners.
@patrick kelly about 30% of what is raised goes to kickstarter related expenses. kickstarter takes a %, so does amazon, and since they are doing fairly large scale production, cost per unit is going to be fairly low. shipping is what turns out to be very expensive, but still fits into that 30%. what would make a lot of sense is to have a digital only tier, so that nothing has to get shipped. similarly, during the backer surveys at the end of the campaign, people can reject parts of their rewards tiers i think.
long live veronica mars. (did i say i was drunk ?)
and by the way i'm perfectly ok with the shirt no having veronica mars on it. as long as i know what's the shirt about, don't need other people to notice it. it's even better. the designs are great.
ok just gave 45$ (+1$ the first time), i'm drunk though so maybe my bank account won't be happy tomorrow :)  but wanted to have the t-shirt and the digital version of the  movie. good luck from france (through toronto, for the semester). hope it will be a great movie, but no pressure ;p !
just became a backer, after binge-watching all three seasons of veronica mars :) as for the trademark issues... what about replacing vm with "mars investigations"?
hello everyone.  i'm a newbie to vm.  when i first saw the kickstarter for the movie  i decided i had to see what the big to do was about so i watched all the seasons.  i flew through them in no time and really enjoyed them. i can't wait for the movie.  i am really digging the 2nd t-shirt design but decided to take the liberty to add what i think was really missing from it.  veronica.  you can't have a vm shirt without veronica.  https://twitter.com/boilermaker_fan/status/320377716446724096/photo/1
i'm very curious, and i think it would be super useful for future kickstarters like this, to see a breakdown of how much of the pledges actually get past the rewards and into the making of the movie. there are costs for the shirts and dvds, etc. for instance, the $10 pledge (no physical reward) might actually get more money into the movie than the $25, which requires an actual shirt, and shipping and whatever other overhead.
@paceyt leave it to the parisians to throw us under the bus. sorry, lyz. :)
she sucks.  someone eat her.
@michael some french designer woman has the name veronica mars trademarked over there, thats why
@michael - i think maybe it's just the words (or rather the name) "veronica mars" that won't be on the shirt. the image of veronica on the first one will still be there. not sure how the second one will look without her name, but i think it's just the name that won't be there. still not very cool though. or was that what you were talking about?
for europe there will be no veronica mars logo on the shirt..sorry but wtf..what movie we are talking about ????
i said i was saving my last sugar cookie till this is over.
love you guys.  c'mon now, sugar.  bring it on, bring it on, yeah!
@tigernightmare - you poor, sad, naive, innocent fool
it's plenty.
so is this going to be enough?  assuming they are sending the tshirts out in advance separately from the dvd, the shipping alone is gonna be over 600k
@balabanto i'm a backer of both, so its a win/win for me, although my heart does sway more towards the vm side. no doubt we will surpass torments numbers, the real question is will we beat double fine adventures 87k.
tigers can kick sloths asses.
not that she can be blamed. sloths rule.
hmmm if kristen watches leno tonight she just may go permanently insane haha. (yes: sloth)
that's what it sounded like you were talking about, but since that wasn't what they were talking about backerwise at that particular time, i figured i'd check.
@ mandy yep exactly!
@ marlena i mean the record for most backers which is 87142
hey all...i can't decide between the t-shirt designs...thinking the mini blinds..
@marlena-i think karina is talking about the one rob wanted to beat. they had like 87k  backers. she was figuring how many backers per day we'd have to have to beat that record.
huzzah! mini-blinds all the way! and praying for women's ts since men's are the ones i routinely get for doing a 5k or being a sports league and promptly use as dish rags. (but hurrah! and upped my pledge a bit just to cover shipping, without upping my reward level - hope a few more dollars help!)
@karina - i'm confused. are you talking about "torment: tides of numenera" or something else? because we only need 4,140 backers to beat them on backers. i'm guessing you're talking about the record (which i don't know the number for), but the conversation was about "torment: tides of numenera", so i figured i'd ask for clarification.
things will really ramp up toward the last couple of days. and with the promise of new rewards and more frequent updates, which generally have caused the numbers to spike, it'll be close.
that depends on what stretch goals he posts.
at the rate we've been going number of backers wise we will not have more backers
@balabanto we need 2814 backers per day or a total of 16888 backers in the next 6 days
@tami shoot me a line at my yahoo id, which hasn't changed, if you want my shirts. i can't wear them. i'll blister.
stretch goal..... he will make a cameo? i would love to see him make a cameo...
jason, we already whipped them on dollars. we'll get them on backers too. we've got six days.
i am so excited to see the total soooo close to 5 mill!! and i love the t- shirts and am not fussy about necklines... we are lucky they have given us 2 designs  to choose from, they didn't have to do that. and rob has been doing amazing updates for us!! he is just awesome :o)
$84,106 pledged today!!!!!!! woohoo! brightened up an otherwise crappy day!
torment: tides of numenera final numbers: 74,405 backers $4,188,927
i really like designs on t-shirt that doesn't directly point out the show it's refering too. like for example a quote from the show, or maybe like one of those t-shirts that are sold in the gas station near where the bus accident was in season 2. i have seen that shirt for sale at places, would be awesome to own one.
jason, what did torment get up to?
well looks like torment passed vm in number of backers during its final push today, although i don't think that will last long.
love it candice! :)
@tabetha i'm in.
enough calls and i feel like they will at least look into it.
i am still planning on calling netflix after the movie is released and asking them about picking vm for a mini-series.  anyone with me?
$85k easily.
i am really excited to see the numbers for tonight!  <3
lol
@tabetha exactly!
let's put it this way... don't exclude anyone!  ask anyone everyone! ;)
wives, girlfriends, and wives' girlfriends :d
lol, sorry jason, you are right!  wives and girlfriends too of course... both if you have them! ;)  (joking)
yes! for the love of god, make the women's shirts v necks. crew shirts don't work as well with boobs. listen up rob!
@robyn: just use kicktraq.com. it does the math for you :)
@tabetha so wives and girlfriends dont make the list for people to ask? :p i will probably do the california noir one, the blinds one has too much going on for my taste.
no v necks for men, please.  i don't have boobs.
any chance you could offer a v neck version for women??
i think i'm going with the mini blinds design.
@jason, i had that shirt idea too, combining the two logos (camera lens, and veronica's picture) would make for a great design! i do like the ca noir design...but the blinds design is very different, i must say! can't choose!  in other news: amazon finally delivered vm season 3 today, to my house! i finally have all 3 seasons of vm!!! :) i am unbelievably happy right now!
if we could all just get one more person each to back this project for $1, we could beat that record in no time!  ask moms, dads, aunts, uncles, best friends, co-workers, bosses, boyfriends, husbands, ex's, neighbors, professors, teachers... we can do this!
great info, lance! that is super encouraging! @craig, i agree entirely. swag = not the objective. and thanks, everybody! :) goodnight!
cool shirts, although my ideal one would be the design of the first shirt with the second logo in place of the one with veronica holding the camera.
memento is my favorite film.
my choice is the california noir design. the blinds one is cool though . can't go wrong with either choice.
okay so maybe late to the game on this but...i did some research and found three incredible films made on low budgets under 5 million. brick/ 475,000 donnie darko/4.5 million momento/ 5 million so i for one am super jazzed to see what rob and company can do with the donations!
i am pretty sure i am going with the mini-blinds because it is so different and has the kickstarter date on it! :)
@amber: i totally agree with you. plus, everyone has different opinions, and even though i'm sure rt would like to be able to please everyone, there's just no way to please over 70,000 people at once! :)  so? what t-shirts are people getting? i wanna know!
@ kathryn hi from brissie!
@amber, i think anyone backing the project because of the swag is totally missing the point.  don't get me wrong, the swag is a nice benefit, but it's very much beside the point.
45 minutes until i post my daily total! can't wait to do the math today! the number should be incredible!
rip roger ebert. however, i am very glad he is not around to review this movie. :)
i love the designs too. i am soooo excited about this movie. thanks to rob for all the updates.  so glad to be apart of this.  g'day from australia to everyone.
you are right amber, the point is to make the best movie that can be made while we have this time to do it! :)
*shirt. blehhhh
i love the california noir short design! :) it's so cool of rob to offer two choices. i read one comment where a fan expressed how disappointed they were in both designs and i was just like geeze! first of all, the guy is super busy; secondly, both shirts are awesome! and third of all, the ultimate reward is vmars movie!.. isn't that the whole point of all of this? anyways :) have a great friday night, everybody!
"i hear the bells"
120 new marshmallows in the last hour or so alone!
eets kristen's tweets: kristen bell kristen bell ‏@imkristenbell 16s     guess that answers that! "@robthomas: t-shirt designs are in. brooding bad boy not included. here's 1: #veronicamars http://twitpic.com/ch92hj "     view photo      kristen bell kristen bell ‏@imkristenbell 53s     does it come with the stud in the shirt? "@robthomas: here's r other tee. backers at $25 & up have choice of either. http://twitpic.com/ch931v "
hey marshmallows, lookie what i found: http://www.pledgemusic.com/projects/mikedoughty (and if this name isn't familiar, shame on you;)
if everyone makes a poster or prints out this home page and hangs it up at a bank, grocery store, apartment complex mailroom, library, and/or college, we can get some great awareness out there before this ends! ;)
perfectly said teresa! :)  vm fans are awesome!
i originally donated at the $50 level.   i kept that because i want the dvd with the bonus features.  i created another account and got the $25 reward because i need both t-shirts!!.  i've owned vmars on dvd for years and watched every episode on tv years ago.  i was even a freshman at stanford during season 3 when vm was a freshman at hearst.  i've watched all three seasons a number of times.  one time i watched them backwards.  this is my first comment but i've been keeping up with everything obsessively.  i donated the first amount the first day without hesitation.  it feels so great to see all the vm fans in one place and i'm so proud we got together to pull this off.
lol *@veronicamarsmovie
tweeted by the @veronicamatsmivue twitter page "@veronicamars: logan, duncan or piz? #veronicamarsmovie"
@tan look at the homepage. the flags of all available nations should be there.
:)
maybe i'm weird, but i get excited to meet celebrities, but i'm not intimidated. they put their pants on one leg at a time, too. that is unless, they try jumping into them, and in that case, well, they evidently feel the need to try something new!
exactly tigernightmare, self-conscious is exactly how i feel!! i am glad i am not the only one! :)
anyone know where do i see the full list of countries that's shippable? i'm from singapore and would really like the t-shirt but cant seem to find the full list in the project description
@tabetha i'm the same way.  i'm too self-conscious to approach them and ask for an autograph.  a person who may or may not have been adam levine spoke to me once and told me he was adam levine.  i'm not the biggest maroon 5 fan, so maybe that factored into my non-intimidation.
i can tell that they all really appreciate the fan support and that is so nice to see!! ;)  i certainly appreciate them pressing on for the fans all these years and trying to get this made!  :d
yay 70,000 only 17,000 more to go!!
@tabetha if i didn't know them already, i would not have spent the money i did.
i saw kristen bell eating at a buffet at the palms in vegas once and freaked out.  she was right next to me in line and my legs wouldn't work and i couldn't even eat for fear she would see me.  i wanted to yell out that i was a fan so bad, but was too nervous!!
i wish i had the money and nerve to attend a premier and after party!  it really is a once in a lifetime chance that you can never get back!
a veronica mars mug would go nicely with my official troy and abed in the morning mug.
marlena, i feel the same way about a mug!  i am not a big mug or bumper sticker person at all, but these are two things that i would sport for mars investigations! :)
exactly marlena! ;)
@tabetha - exclusivity is pretty awesome. more reason to get them now, right? ;)
@tabetha - i am right there with you. i really shouldn't even be pledging as much as i am and i am considering pledging higher to get the second shirt (i already added my second account, only used one before, very shiney, at the $1 level to add to the number of backers). if they started pulling out some mars investigation stuff though, my maxed out and then some pledge is going to get very bloated, because i really would love some mars investigation kit. note to rob thomas if you are reading this . . . refillable pens are excellent or a large bundle is good so we can use them for a long time. and i want a mug. i never want a mug. my mug collection is approximately four . . . and that might be pushing it since i can only think of three (only one of which i actually purchased and that's because i work at the place that sold them). i want a mars investigation mug.
the shirts look awesome. however, i'm dreadfully allergic to polyester. ahh, well. momentos.
@robin, the $25 one is t-shirt only, if your husband is willing to set up his own account. otherwise there may be some new developments over the next couple of days, you never know... :)
it's so cool that we are the only ones who these shirts will be available to!  i love how no one else will be able to get these t-shirts after this project ends!
so thrilled about this film finally getting made. one suggestion for the rewards would be that you make a separate reward for just the shirt. i pledged $35 and get one shirt already, but my husband wants a shirt too, but there isn't an option for that. i would pay an extra fee to get another shirt for him, but don't need the other prizes to double up.
i tweeted him about a hoodie! ;)  i would get the california noir t-shirt and mini-blinds hoodie!
i am maxed out at my top pledge right now, but really want some mars investigation gear to feel like more of a part of it (i know that sounds nerdy).  a pen, notebook, window cling.... anything! ;)
yay! veronica movie here we come! can't wait to receive my autographed poster and t-shirt!
it's definitely rolling now. should have $4.7 by tomorrow.
predictions on when we'll hit 5mil? i'm thinking we'll get there by thursday... but with rob's update about new rewards and such being released, getting there sooner is a distinct possibility!
i just noticed ($37k late) that we hit $4.6 mil. yay for that, too! :d
rob thomas ‏@robthomas  5m   we'll hit 70,000 backers any second. huge thanks to everyone! #veronicamars
yay! 70,000!!!!
so excited about these designs and this project! ;)
70,000! i got in my $1 pledge from this account (which will probably be upgraded to give me the second t-shirt later), but i was a little fast. congrats to our 70,000 backer (and 70,001).
i think the mini-blinds shirt would look really cute on girls if girls chopped and folded the neck at the top of the mini-blinds, in order to make it a bit off the shoulder.... just a little suggestion! ;)
70.000 backers, huzzah!
17142 to go
nice!
70,000!
70,000!!!!
70,000!!!!
ladies and gentlemen we've hit 70,000 backers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
70,000.  booyaw.
70,000 down, 17,143 to go! :)
refresh...refresh...refresh...lol
@tabetha i agree the tshirts should say something about kickstarter on it.
5 backers away from 70,000!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am really thinking of getting both shirts, since they won't continue to make either after this is over!  i do wish they both referenced the movie and/or kickstarter though.
10 backers away from 70,000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
backers, to me!
11 backers away from 70,000!
@tabetha, thanks for sharing the link! i think it helped settle my dilemma -unless i break down and create another account... so excited we have the t-shirt designs!
@tabetha i think people were wondering about a little more "full figured" girl... but i guess rt didn't want it to look bad; lol. i think the perfect test would be to have kb try it on. if it looks good on someone who just had a baby, that should appease most of us... of course, everything looks great on kb!
rob, t-shirts look great, and the $1 pledge idea was a long time coming.  you'll also get a pretty big bump in donations as the days wind down to the deadline.  my only advice is to take a look at the sold-out benefits and seriously consider extending their limits, even at the expense of exclusivity (which i will happily give up) and time commitment (which you should and the cast should understand is a welcome sacrifice).  decrease the reach of those dangling carrots, and you'll get - and we'll all get- those 110 minutes. faithfully submitted, a fellow longhorn marshmallow hook 'em horns
70,000 backers is around the corner.
rt tweeted about the mini blinds shirt on girls: http://twitpic.com/ch9alh
i just upped my pledge by $200 :)
just posted a plea on all of my gaming facebook accounts. hoping lots of people come here to pledge soon!
over $3000 in 30 minutes :)
maybe they will allow you to add the second shirt to the pledge you already made. that way they can also ship it all in one go in stead of in 2 different packages. this is done in a lot of projects. (eg you have the 35 reward tier, the project owner might say hey stay in that tier but add 15$ to your pledge and we will let you choose a second t-shirt) but obviously they need to decide and approve this first :)
@karen - oh? the $25 tier says est delivery 2/14. i'll be sooooo psyched if they send them sooner!
love both designs.... love the mini-blinds because it is something different.  i don't feel like i could ever find anything like this design in stores, but the california vm shirt might look better on... really thinking of getting my husband to up his pledge so i get one and he gets the other and i can have both! ;)
from what i understand the shirts are going out this year.
i'm not a big fan of the mini-blinds design, although the idea is interesting. but i love the design and the colors of the california noir shirt, i'm so glad it is going to be mine soon!
i'm surprised they're not at least getting the shirts out before 2014. i'm down with being a walking advertisement for the vm movie (plus, i really wanna rock one at comic con). hmmm... i guess shipping 'em separately doesn't make much sense, though.
as a big gal, i really hope the sizes aren't only for the smaller people.
does anyone know if there will be a size chart for the t-shirts? hopefully i'd hate to order the wrong size when the time comes. @michael i know i'm making another account to get both shirts! :d
@marlena: ha, rob was being sneaky with these two shirts. he knows we just can't help ourselves!
i do if i want the digital version of the film, which i can can't get without also getting the shirt. it is no big deal, i'm just saying if there is a way to opt out i would.
@michael - the funny thing is that i have been thinking all day, "hey, i have another account. i can up the backer number by one. i just need to pledge at the $1 level." now, thanks to this i'm think the $25 level so i can get both shirts. right now, i'm just going to pledge at the $1 level, but i will almost definitely up it before the end of the kickstarter.
can't believe how much money has been pledged. this amount is just going to make the veronica mars movie even that much better!
oh nvm lol digital download. gotcha!
you don't need to choose a tier :)
@michael: i don't think it costs all kinds of $, i just know i won't be wearing the t-shirt and would rather that the say $5 (with shipping)  go to the film.
pretty close to 70k backers!!
@tigernightmare: why, thank you!
@michael, i agree. although i am probably going to wait till the end of the week, to see what other rewards might be announced this week :)
+50 points michael southwick
i'm thinking backer numbers will now go up from people creating another account to get both shirts. haha, i know i am!
@robyn that bit in update #13 isn't new.  early into this campaign, rob thomas suggested in an interview that 30% of the pledged total will go towards paying for the rewards, kickstarter and related fees.  all the swag we're getting has some crazy markup on it to cover the cost.  the $200 tier is essentially just the $100 tier with a $100 poster.  that's a pretty damn expensive poster.
people seem to think these rewards are costing all kinds of money for some reason. they're mass producing these. they're using wb shipping centers. the actual cost compared to what they're charging will be minuscule. the majority of your pledge, no matter what the tier, is going toward the film. and if you wanna give more out of the goodness of your heart, it's an option! :)
@darby i also live in a remote area, but i'm in tx... so i'm hoping rt will send a copy of the film to our local theatre anyhow. if not, i'll just have to live with my digital copy and drive to the closest theatrical release.
the california noir all the way i think :)
lais: thanks for the tip, but i did the $35 pledge. i do want the digital of the film since i live in a remote area where the film likely won't play.
@tiger the update earlier today suggested otherwise; that some of the extra money we've raised will go towards the incentives. not sure what i think about that...
the costs for the reward levels are already factored in, so they won't be losing money for delivering on pledges.  and like i said, you can always pledge more than your reward level.
@darby you can manage your pledge and ask for no reward or the pdf reward that doesn't include the shirt, that is if you pledged for the $25 reward level...
we backed the project and one of our items is a t-shirt.  is it possible to do another donation (under the same account) to get another t-shirt?  i have two daughters that are marshmallows through and through.
rob: you might want to consider an option for people to opt out of the t-shirt and have that money go toward the movie. i appreciate you all trying to give us value for our contribution, but i probably wouldn't wear the t-shirt and would rather you spend my money on the film. i think a couple of other people said the same thing below. just a thought
88 more to 70,000!!!
i tend to not like shirts with other people's faces on them, so i think i might go for mini-blinds, but i think the california noir would be more flattering.
right, i just thought, in the description, he might have given the heads up if they would be offered in men's and women's sizes. hopefully the survey won't just say s, m, l, xl, etc. though, in that case, i would assume they're men's/unisex.
@tracy we'll get surveys when they're ready to ship about sizing and which you want.
both are great. the mini-blinds one is a unique idea, but i think i'm gonna go california noir. unless i missed it, i don't think he said how sizing was gonna work. but i would assume unisex sizing?
does anyone know if the california noir has the lens image on the back? i was trying to figure that out...
i think there should be an option for getting both tees!
i'm leaning towards the california noir
hahaha yes @lais
@tiger, thanks for answering. i see what you're saying, i might ask when they start contacting us if i can do it anyway. another $5-$10 toward the cause that way, since i've already contributed substantially.
if only the brooding bad boy was a reward level...
lol! rob tweeted  "t-shirt designs are in. brooding bad boy not included. here's 1 of our 2 designs. #veronicamars http://twitpic.com/ch92hj " hahaha can i just have the "brooding bad boy"? haha
did anyone notice that the blinds shirt says: she's back on the front in between the blinds? i might get that one just for that and the lens is cool.
@noelle: amen!
i'm so excited right now! i hate having to make a decision, though. i feel like i'm pretty settled on the california noir design, however. what a bonus of seeing jason modeling the shirts :)
note to rob: if you want to sell anything else to me going forward, put it on jason dohring. the smolder sells.
maybe he could add a reward level for stickers with those awesome t-shirts logos, maybe a $15 reward level or something. they would be pretty inexpensive to ship too since they could be just stuffed in an envelope and shipped as a letter or something.
love the shirt -- would love it more if it was white and just that little lens logo with 3.13.13 on it.  just a thought.  ;)
@marni i doubt that'll happen since most of us wouldn't do that.  but you can always increase your pledge amount without increasing your reward level.
does anyone know if rob and co. have given any thought to making it an option that we pay for our shipping? i'd do it in a heartbeat.
i don't know which one i want.
@marilla veronica mars fans think alike!
just noticed i did the same thing laurie did... hehe was not on purpose. :)
i'm making my hubby sign up now so i can get both.  well played, sir, well played. ;)
argh, decisions, decisions, haha. both designs are cool and each has its own charm... now i'm in doubt.
houston, we've got shirts!! and i'm so picking the california noir one, maybe because i like to say california noir, but that's neither here nor there. anyway. also i love the back on the other one with the logo behind the window blinds! and those two logos would make awesome stickers!
arf, darn it : stupid trademark rules, i love the first design, can't believe these rules will prevent me to get it ! both designs are nice : great work !!!
i love the mini blinds but i'm afraid it's going to look weird on...decisions decisions
can we buy the second t-shirt too?
1 upgrade, we got 1 upgrade, do we have 2?
we have 1,622 $1 backers now.  let's see how many of them upgrade.
both tshirts looks good but i prefer the mini blinds.
both the shirt designs are great :) i have no idea which one to choose!
@kate can't stop smiling at those pics, kate! i'm right there with you! which direction is everyone leaning...my sis and i are thinking the california noir one...but i'm indecisive!
jason dohring modelling the t-shirt designs. my heart stopped.
yay, update!!! i'm going mini blinds t all the way!
@tabetha - my guess = 70k backers by 9:30 (east coast) :)
@tabetha count on it.
last 60 minutes for this awesome project also on kick starter http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inxile/torment-tides-of-numenera
i am really hoping we clear at least 70,000 backers by tonight...   think we can do it?
and now i'm realizing that the last day for a few of those is only a couple hours, but still.
@balabanto i think it varies greatly.  check out the other projects i've contributed to. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/redthread/dreamfall-chapters-the-longest-journey/#chart-daily http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/251414413/tex-murphy-project-fedora/#chart-daily http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/cig/star-citizen/#chart-daily http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/robaato/cryamore-a-true-first-class-take-on-the-action-rpg/#chart-daily some of them did less on their last day than average and i think only star citizen did better in its final days.  i think it all depends on what rob thomas and co. does to stimulate awareness.  there's always a spike in pledges when we get an update of some kind or kristen tweets something.
im super duper excited!
very excited for the t-shirt designs!!!  i hope they come soon!!! <3
@shelly...never mind, misunderstood!
@shelley: yeah... a $15-$20 digital download tier seems like it'd make a lot of sense
maybe they should do a $30 option for digital only no t-shirt.
@shelly i think you can add additional money, without upping your reward...
hopefully the t-shirt design isn't another update that i get at like 4am...
@tigernightmare i chose the $35 option so that i could get the digital copy of the movie because i really want to see it as soon as it comes out, but there's no option to choose that without the t-shirt. it's going to cost a large percentage for them to ship the t-shirts, and i'd rather they use that money for the film. maybe they could add an option for people who want to do that? it might give them a higher budget...
@tigernightmare yes. the last few days of the kickstarter usually are about 1/3 of the project total.
231% funded :) that's pretty darn awesome
17352 backers needed. :d
last 2 days usually see a spike in donations, especially so in the final day due to the excitement of seeing it fund.
@michelle same problem here. glad i'm not alone.
i think it's possible if we have massive spikes in the final days, but i don't know how they'd pull that off.
it would be lovely if we could get to 6 million.. but i think it is somewhat of a long shot... sad but true.. to get there, i think we'd need a load more new pledges, or some really cracking new offers to make people dig even deeper.. i've done as much as i can but i'd give anything for a london premiere (for example) ... although, being new to kickstarter, maybe they always get  boost at the end? like an ebay auction?
6 million?
we still have a real shot at 6.
@lais i believe they don't make the shipping available 'cause here all products would remain stucked on the aduana and you surely must pay it way overpriced to get it to your home... like 20% the price, so it would be way expensive to ship things to argentina... last year i managed to get all four seasons of the tv show castle(abc) and it cost me like u$d400 bringing them from the us :/ our president and her mates are just useless... with things like these i notice how our country is going downhill xd
@lovefan just add my name on skype and you're in.
@tigernightmare - i am!
@shelley you can't choose the pdf reward?  it doesn't say to add $10 for non-us pledges on that tier.
i wish we could choose to keep the stuff that doesn't require shipping, like the pdf and the digital copy of the film, but forgo the t-shirt so that they could have more funding/make a better movie. not that the t-shirt wouldn't be cool, i would just rather have higher quality production on the movie. wish we had an option for that.
so, anyone interested in joining our skype group?
i hope we get to see the t-shirt design before i'm off work. i only have internet access at my job. :( won't be back til monday!
i've tried a couple of times today to enter the contest too, having the same problems @michelle reported.  i tried on my iphone then again on my desktop, same issues on both computers.
@stefanie i've been having trouble too. sometimes i get the page for the contest but then it won't let me submit without liking the page but when i try to like it doesn't exist.
i think the rewards are really, really great...but i've to admit, i'll be sucker for a badge/pins (they're still making those, right ?) with something like "i was part of the veronica mars movie" : fan could have instant recognition between each other with one of those, no matter you country or your language.  like a little secret society just for us ^^ plus, it's kind of cheap to produce...
@nicolás it's a pity they don't ship to argentina... but they ship to brazil, maybe you have a friend in brazil who can do it for you! :)
i would love they can ship rewards to argentina... that u$d 175 pledge with the dvds of the series is a hell of a reward. i can't get any of the season here... if only... :s
i dunno, the actor who played august is just gonna not be around, at least for a while, while they have the pinnochio kid relegated to few to no lines.  it's kind of the biggest example of character regression i've ever seen.
i think he's ok.
i liked hook at first, but he's sort of lost it and is too single-minded for revenge.  and i did not like what just happened to august.
oh and i love love love hook. make him a main character please.
@tiger i give it a b. i wasn't thrilled by the character development (yeah, snow is getting really annoying and regina..... she's evil, she's not, she's evil, pick a side woman!) but i very much like the baelfire story line and while greg/owen seems weird, i like the tamara angle (i'm in the minority there, i realize) and i like mulan and aurora. this season is so uneven though, you never know from week to week whether it's going to blow us away or leave us slightly bored.
@kate have you been enjoying this season?  i used to think snow was really cool, but she's so emo this season.  i also feel that regina was swayed all too easily to cora's side.
@tiger fair enough. i just find it an entertaining story. like "what if your favorite teddy bear came to life" sort of scenario
@kate something about once has always rubbed me wrong and i think i can finally put my finger on it.  by saying that the stories are real, it's kind of saying that in the show's world, those creative minds do not exist.  any knowledge of the stories was proliferated on a lie from some hack who exploited the truth about the magic kingdom for financial gain.  i prefer to live in a world where an insane genius like tchaikovsky really lived and composed something as amazing and timeless as this: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
oh but ok, ouat and vm connection..... in the season 3 episode of vm where keith is trying to get the bars to stop selling to minors, he calls two of his deputies kitsis and horowitz. kitsis and horowitz created lost and ouat.
@jason i'm not sure.... i'm guessing he's peter pan though. who else would be? @tiger what do you mean?
@kate so do you think neal is just one of the lost boys or peter pan himself?
what?  now swan lake is real and tchaikovsky isn't?  i don't think i approve.
@jason should make it easier for people to find me over the skype imposters.
once upon a time's jen morrison just tweeted a pic from the season 2 finale set.... of a swan on a lake. i think emma is the swan princess. i've thought that since season 1. i hope i'm right. sorry. back to veronica mars now. :)
@tiger awesome profile pic buddy :p
@michael http://tvline.com/2013/04/03/usa-network-happy-endings-cancelled-abc-season-4/
anyone who follows me in the next hour on twitter i will donate to the cause. i did this as an experiment yesterday and ended up donating another 37 dollars to the cause lol. i'm curious how many are on today tho. every follow i get will be another dollar added on here! if you tweet alot i'll be sure to follow back! @dalybear
he did?  i missed it!!!!  going to have to go back and check...  :)
hey, jennifer.  rob thomas retweeted your picture last night.
day #2, a more subtle veronica mars tshirt, but my fave!  always take backup! now heading out to do a little "campaigning" since we've got less than 7days to go! https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/320255097135321088/photo/1
usa? that's funny, not where i'd expect it to land but that's pretty awesome to hear!
i think we're making about $64,000 today.  on track to 5 million for sure.
@michael happy endings is a-mah-zing, and if it gets canceled by abc this season its already been said that usa is going to pick it up for season 4!
i am french, sorry for my english, it should give us more days and do you know if it will work and logan finished together at the end.
@jesca if i take one bite a day, i'll probably have to bite it 8 more times to finish it.
so it seems like we are slightly ahead of yesterday's pace in terms of $, but slightly behind in terms of backers. i wish there was a way to reach every current backer and tell 'me all to have a friend give a buck.  we'd be waaaay past the goal :)
last 5 hrs for this awesome project also on kick starter http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inxile/torment-tides-of-numenera
@tigernightmare that's funny! will it last 7 more days?
networks should listen to the fans.... here is the proof!
when this thing started, i had recently baked over 50 cookies.  now, i only have one left.  it is an extra large, extra thick, super chewy sugar cookie.  i'm reluctant to eat it before this ends.
@tracy yeah, sucks that things aren't looking too good for it's future :/ i'm hoping it either gets picked up by another network or hey... maybe we can kickstart it! :d
@ tracy - if abc dumps happy endings, there may be hope for usa to pick it up.  :)
@ michael - i will second that.  fave episode was the john hughes scavenger hunt!
@michale i love happy ending, such a badly treated show its now shoved away on a friday night, shameful treatment
my suggestion would be happy endings. super underrated. and it gets better/funnier with each season!
is it bad that i actually kinda wish ryan devlin could come back? i hated mercer so much but ryan devlin was a fantastic bad guy i thought.
cougar town!  that show is both hilarious, feel good and sweet.  it's both of those things.
@astrid. if you want to see all the backers only perks you can pledge as little as a dollar. it's worth it to help rob make this movie.
i do feel sorry for amanda bynes....
@kate i would avoid what i like about you since it'd just make you feel sorry for amanda bynes.  but i highly recommend wonderfalls and pushing daisies, both created by bryan fuller.  also worth looking into is rob thomas' cupid.  i only watched the jeremy piven one from 1998-1999 and not the more recent one.  maybe arrested development?  futurama (although you might not want to watch jurassic bark).
i do hope you put the videos (that you make for backers) on your you tube channel or somewhere everyone can see them ...
4,6 and approaching 70.000 backers, excellent thing to come back to!
to any fellow gamer geek marshmellows, today is the last day of the torment: tides of numenera kickstarter, if you haven't pledged then i highly recommend it, because if you enjoy excellent story and character development then this game will knock your socks off. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inxile/torment-tides-of-numenera
would totally wear a neptune high shirt/hoodie.  though i've decided the vm shirt i really want is... you know when vernonica was in prison for awhile in season 3, and when her dad came to visit she was doing push-ups and had (ballpoint) inked a prison tat on her arm that was a fluffy girl unicorn with "thug life" written above it? yeah. that's the t-shirt i want. you betta reco'nize!
@ kate chai latte's are amazing. enjoy :)
@kate: boy meets world always puts me in a good mood! i have it on dvd and listening to the commentary to the episodes is some of the funniest stuff ever. ryder strong and will friedle do most of the commentary and they are constantly commenting on the wardrobe--funny
@kate love both those shows. can't go wrong with either of those
the update script just looks like to me veronica and someone are watching whoever are on motorcycles ride away???
suggestions of happy, feel-good shows to uplift my spirits? i'm thinking boy meets world or what i like about you, but i'm open to suggestions....
@jesca you're right. whew. ok. gonna go get a chai latte and try again.
@kate i think we all miss your squealing and happy mood lol
@ kate you have really not been in a good mood today eh? (i'm probably one of the only canadian's who actually say eh without it sounding weird) then you went and watched the ending of vmars...trying to make your day worse?
alright, alright, if money's tight, i guess we can't have the movie in space...... i was really excited about veronica mars: enterprise. dang.
just read the update thanks rob :) i'm sure they have enough money to make a decent movie and the money is going up and it will be better. alot of block buster were made for less and they were awesome. but the more money the better is always a good thing
@lynne thanks lynne for answering! :)
@stefanie a lot of people are commenting on the update that they are having a problem with the link.
@kate :( i'll be there with you soon
4.6 yes!!!!!!!!!!! 5 mil here we come!!!!
i think i'm to stupid to click on a link or doesn't the facebook link work? have i missed something???
4.6 oh yeah!~
just watched the last episode of season 3 again, never have i been more convinced on the need for a movie, i'm just so sad right now. :(
off to do homework!  i am so happy to see the update from rt!  i hope everyone has a great day!
did anyone else print out posters to put up in colleges, banks, stores?
@lyz,  i'd probably be considered a nerd by most people too and i'm not really a technophobe.  i don't fear technology, i'm just not terribly good at getting it to do what i want it to do.  i usually need someone to show me how to do something once or twice before i'm able to do it myself.  i'm not savy, but i'm teachable.
@craig, true that!  though, somebody told me i was a nerd, can't figure exactly how...
yay!!! 4.6mil!! woop woop
woohooo on the 4.6!!  400k to go!
@lyz,  don't feel like you're alone.  i haven't added a picture either because i still can't figure out how to do it.  i also don't tweet or text.  i'm a very slow typist and my cellphone is "dumb."  yet i somehow manage to express myself just fine.  even technophobes can love vm!
$4,6 were getting there!
@l catherine houck -i went to the "where are they now" site thought it was good except a friend of mine told me she saw somewhere that jason's daughter was actually born october 5th last year and was named after his grandmother, lillian.
thanks kate, hahaha, i'm not so good with technology, i succeeded, with some difficulties, in putting my face on skype, but i'ts kind of dark and you can't really see. i tried my webcam, but the picture comes out all didtorted and froggyish, i don't want to scare any potential joiner;;; so, pixel avatar it is. blue is my favorite colour anyway...:)
anyone know why it doesn't show up live for me?  have to manually click refresh.  using firefox
@lyz hey!!! good to see your smiling blue pixel avatar! :)
@bradley yes! neptune high hoodie is such a neat idea! i love it!
hi kate, jon, and you all!
@jon yeah people stopped yelling so it's slowly improving lol
@amy, every once in a while i have a moment of brilliance. if they can't do logan's inspirational messages then maybe they could do favorite one liners from the series.
same. if nothing else, i'm at least gonna throw another 5 bucks in the pot just for the heck of it :)
anyone else having problems with the skype group right now?
@ michael - it depends.  i am already at a really high amount, but with the right incentive could do more  mars investigation stuff...  :)
anyone else out there who hasn't made their maximum pledge yet? i'm sure there must be a few holdouts like me, just waiting to see what incentives they offer for the last few days... :)
@kate is your day getting any better?
true!
@solene yes it would, but it's not like we get a prize if we break the record.
that's a good idea, kate, but i'm already pledging 60$ and i don't really want to pay more! now if one third of the backers agreed to do it, we could actually break the record (but it would qualify as cheating, wouldn't it?) ;-)
i've donated $35, but don't live in any of the participating countries. actually, i only ever wanted the digital goodies (mostly a download of the movie). i am willing to pay for the shipping costs. so i'm not sure what will i get once this kickstarter is over.
@amy  yeah!  they could make it like the old "far side" calendar a little 4x4 inch pad that you tear off each day with a new quote on each!
which is cheating, i realize.
@joao that is true, but it will not register you as an additional backer. and since rob wants the most backers, if you make a new account it thinks you're a different person.
i would love a 365 day calendar of logan's inspirational messages! what a brilliant idea! :)
@kate we don't need a new account to pledge more money, (money pledged can be separate amount from  the reward level)
@bradley me too with the sweatshirts, i still wear my west roswell high tshirt to work out in and i love it!
@markos when the campaign is over and they are ready to ship they will email you asking for your shipping address, t shirt size etc. so yes, you can get it delivered to an address different from your billing address on amazon. :)
with just 7 days to go i am afraid greece won't be added to the "ship to"countries so i would like to ask this: can i have my gift/award sent to an address of my choice (apparently within a "ship to" country) or does it have to be the address in my kickstarter account (the idea being to have it sent to a friend in the uk and he will then send it to me in greece)? thanks!
if you look at it another way we need less than half of the people who have already voted to convince at least 1 friend to do us a favour and donate a $1
@ kate that would be awesome if everyone did that..
@ kate - i set up an account for my mom and made her pledge ;p - she too is a fan, just not so techy
or the current backers could set up new accounts and just pledge a dollar....
yeah, we won't break the record, we'd need a miracle! or a lot more exposure!
rob's new update about new awards this last week makes me want to say, i would totally go for a neptune high hoodie. as if i attended the school myself. =)
we need 17892 backers or 2556 per day........:s
i know it's wrong, but i'm unable to stop spamming facebook with the link to bring more backers here! i wish i could know how many pledged because of my compulsive obsession!
for the new kickstarter goal that rob put up to have the most backers than any other project i noticed the current record holder (double fine adventure) was up longer than a month they launched: feb 8, 2012 and funding ended: mar 13, 2012 so they were up for 34 days i think ours should get extended the extra 4 days so we can reach the goal!!!
i'm so excited to see the tshirt today.
a where are they now? article... http://www.wetpaint.com/network/gallery/the-veronica-mars-movie-is-happening-but-where-is-the-cast-now-photos#1
@annika right you are, i forgot about that. thank goodness.
finally i was able to pledge, so excited for this movie. i loved and still love this show so much:)
@amber i love your idea! i'm just being a debbie downer. sorry. :(
@rebecca, could be a high volume of traffic.. try again in a little while  i had that problem last week when i doubled my pledge.  i tried an hour later and worked fine.
i'm trying to 'manage my pledge' (keep upping it cause i'm so excited) but when i click 'continue to amazon' it says the server won't connect wtf? i've done it before.
@tracy: no worries!  maybe weevil is driving away from a happy love :) who knows... by the way- keep voting, even though love finally lead  http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/03/greatest-tv-couple-round-2-part-3/
sorry annika soppy spell checker and my bad checking
@ kate@annual i thought weevil too. i love him to bits don't get be wrong, but he is not my happy ending
@kate: we raised more than 3.000.000 so logan should be safe according to rob :d hope your day will get better! my first thought when i read motorcycles was weevil- even though in the last season he doesn't even ride a motorcycle anymore...
@kate that's a good explanation (pchers).  that's most likely what it will be! i was just sort of picturing veronica on the same motorcycle as logan.. her arms around his waist.. yeah, a romantic, "we're escaping together" kind of ending.  not that they'd need to escape anything, butttt. i don't know really. i just want them together, and veronica on a motorcyle would be ba.
@kate,  sorry to hear that.. hopefully its nothing serious... im sending you some virtual zen tea =)
@jon estoy celoso. (i'm jealous) everyone here is in a panic today about...... something, haven't quite caught on to what it is yet.
@kate  good morning!  sorry about the rough day at work!  i am having a quite day at work.. after finishing the project i gave the guys some much needed time off while i line up all the pre-engineering stuff for the next build! so i can relax, have my coffee, put the headphones on and jam my ipod without interruption!
anyway, doom and gloom predictions brought to you by rough day at work and it's not even ten. good morning everyone! :)
i loved and still love this show. it has amazing cast and team behind it, all the characters feel real. i'm from finland and i was about 12 when i started to watch it in 2005 (when it came to finland) and i've been a fan ever since. thank you for finally making a movie, the news genuinely made me so happy, that is why i signed all those petitions for over the years ;)
plus, logan could be dead by now. he is a prime candidate for being murdered, with all the people he constantly irritates. who says he's going to make it through the movie? (i hope he lives. i can't even imagine a veronica mars world without bad boy numero uno)
@jane you can go back in and manage your pledge to whatever amount you want and still choose the same reward level.  the reward levels are the minimum amount required to achieve that reward....but you can donate any amount over the minimum
the motorcycle ending only makes me assume the pchers are back. unless both logan and veronica suddenly became avid motorcycle enthusiasts (which is possible, i suppose) and since it uses motorcycles in the plural..... i dunno i just have a hard time seeing veronica driving her own motorcycle.
17955 backers needed to break record.
last 9 hrs for this awesome project also on kickstarter. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inxile/torment-tides-of-numenera
g'morning everyone!
@carly, what's great with r.t. is the movie he wants to make is the movie we want tosee? that's why the show had so many fans!
i read that you are going to make a movie that you just think will make fans happy -- instead of doing the film you wanted to do. please do the movie you want to do! we loved veronica mars because it was your unique vision.  trust the fans will go with you!  i want to see this amazing veronica mars noir film you talked about in an interview, not just an update of the tv show.  take us and the characters somewhere new and exciting.  we'll love you even more for it.
part of the fun of kickstarter is friendly competition... breaking records... tracking the stats... analyzing the data.... predicting where the project will finish
honestly i really don't care if we beat up the record for number of backers or not, all that matters is the final amount of money pledged and the movie that rob & co are able to make with it.
vm fans better step it up.  the torment kickstarter just eclipsed this project for backers, 69,147.
@jane - i upped my pledge twice now. the reward section seems disconnected from the amount,in that you have to actively go there and click on the reward you want. so you could donate say 25 dollars and click on the 10 dollar reward. whatever money is there beyond that should go directly to the movie. and you could do that, see what happens and then change it back if it doesn't work. :)
hi, lyz!!
wait, how much of our pledge is going towards shipping if we're, for example, at the $50 price point? if it's a large percentage and if it means that logan and veronica's makeout scenes will be cut by 20 minutes(!!!) or that they'll have to make out in florida instead of california, i'll gladly change my pledge to "no thanks, i don't need a reward." also, isn't there any chance that warner bros. will change their minds and pitch in? it's clearly going to be a profitable movie for them. it's absurd that we're having to do this alone, when realistically they have more money than i do. what about adding a couple of very high price points (for example, a night at francis capra's house, $.5 million; kristen bell sings at your prom, $3 million), just in case bill gates is a fan?
hi marilia!
re:  gifts.  at my pledge level, i'd really just like the dvd (& maybe the script if poss).  otherwise, i don't want to divert funds away from the movie.  plus, the major snag w/kickstarter is … once you pledge at one amount—you can't go back & pledge more b/c it will change your original donation.  otherwise, i'd give more—but only money—no gifts needed.  is there a way to do that? & w/out messing up my original amount?
i am with julie. i would definitely buy other items, like mugs, (even though i am a mediocre potter who could make her own) or calendars... how about a 365 day calendar of logan's inspirational messages (if he has that many). just a thought. i need to sit down because i am getting far too excited.
well i just woke up, and that last update just made my day. happy friday, you guys! :) btw, do you all think that it's safe to assume that logan and veronica are the ones zipping out of neptune together on a motorcycle? :) lol  really hoping, at this point, that it (the ending) is setting up for a sequel.  but maybe we haven't raised enough funds for that to be a consideration yet? one week left and lots of rewards and updates to come!
well i just woke up, and that last update just made my day. happy friday, you guys! :) btw, do you all think that it's safe to assume that logan and veronica are the ones zipping out of neptune together on a motorcycle? :) lol  really hoping, at this point, that it (the ending) is setting up for a sequel.  but maybe we haven't raised enough funds for that to be a consideration yet? one week left and lots of rewards and updates to come!
nothing like having an update in the morning. :)
good night, phil
it's all well and good letting us know that the pledges help the movie, and asking always for more. but : wasn't it supposed to be a... kickstar for a studio kicking in the project? who is now putting money in the movie and allowing it to go forward, aside from us?
@tracy, thanks, i do share your feelings on this... didn't really think you'd see my comment her, they tend to get lost in the masss, but i just had to say it!
so, no support for shipping to asia? hope that changes soon, i'd like to pledge more!
excited about the t-shirt design coming out today/soon :)
@lyne thanks a million, great to have met you too, its been a blast and hope we can continue having loads of fun going forward!
well think i'm finally tired enough to sleep. good night folks.
@thomas there is a contact me link under rob thomas' name to the right of your screen. his team answers these types of questions through there and they do answer... they are very impressive.
it would be awesome if rob thomas could follow in the footsteps of peter jackson and post up production videos before the film gets released... please consider it! :d
@thomas, you'd better ask your question directly to rob thomas (the link near his photograph ) a member of the staff always answers.
just another drop in an ocean of comments, and chances are there's another drop just like this out there, but... being from denmark and having pledge for a reward that includes a blu-ray, will you promise to at least work towards making the blu-ray region free?
@phil, thanks for explaining :)
@yaniv and lyz.... i think its because distribution of the movie would be handled by different companies in all the different regions... so they have to negotiate each country or chunk of countries.... so digital copies could be delivered but the companies that have the right to distribute through warner bros. first in whatever country may want to negotiate...
@tracy  and all precision: my t-shirt is a gift for you my friend. a gift, not a deal . i pledged for more than  the rewards i asked for : i want to see the movie as soon as possible so i'll keep the dvd. my country is included, but even if it hadn't been, i wouldn't have pledged less: this project is a great adventure by itself, i met tons of people from allover the world, and new ones every day, that's rewarding enough. and i'll get to watch a movie with great actors and characters, created by a very gifted writer/director... just wanted to be clear. hope i was.
welcome to the family esperanza!
thanks for inlcuding switzerland!! i just pledged 210 dollars and i'm so happy to be able to contribute to this project.
so excited to see the tshirt design :) like many international backers i'm not too bothered about the shirt only wanted a copy of the film really but i happily paid the shipping costs because its going to help make the movie i have been waiting for and while i wear that tshirt i know i will be in a group of over 69,000 people that helped make this movie happen :)
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project#faq_52422
@yaniv, i guess it's a lot of work to get local downloaders to do that. but, hey, did you read the last update? news are coming... you never know, maybe your question 'll get an answer
'why not add a "digital copy only" option for people from countries that you are not able to ship to? many want to contribute but are still out of your shipping pool.' i think this is a good idea!
@phil please go to the settings and add your last name so people don't think you are me... it's a small community and we have different views.
are you going to sell merchandise, like mugs, other t-shitrs etc?? i'd love to buy some stuff??
@phil sell the effing shirt on ebay if you are that against it... i have like a billion friends... if i don't like the shirt you haven't yet seen, i'll give it away to one of them. i figure you probably know somebody that could use an extra t shirt...like someone who hasn't eaten in two days that lives in a tent. if the ten bucks is really something you can't handle, i'll tell you what... send me the shirt... upon receipt, i'll send you 20 bucks.
why not add a "digital copy only" option for people from countries that you are not able to ship to? many want to contribute but are still out of your shipping pool.
@phil  the constant answer to that question since the start has been no.
@phil, maybe you could ask here if someone wants an additionnal tshirt in uk, (i know i'll ship mine to a friend i met here for her daughter)  maybe you can make a deal so you get back your 10 $ plus internal shipping cost. just a thought
under home there is a link at the end (ask a question), i would send your question there, because they are reading all the mails they get and try to answer them and you probably aren't the only one that would like that to be possible.
quick question- i'm in the uk, and have currently pledged at $10. i'd really like to increase my pledge and get a digital copy of the film when it's released. thing is, i don't want the t-shirt, and i *really* don't want to pay $10 extra to ship the t-shirt that i don't want. that money wouldn't even go towards the film, it would be a total waste. is there any chance of introducing a digital-only tier for us non-us residents?
@caitlyn it's not exactly sunshine and rainbows here, but i imagine it's interesting from an overseas perspective.
i wish i new about this earlier. i would have like to buy the $1000.00 package as it would have been a good excuse to go to the usa. i have never been and would really like to go.
finally, 69,000 backers.
@phil thanks :) @paceyt i only have my iphone 5 to watch on.. but thanks anyway :d
@paceyt what about season 2 episode called plan b
@kristina season one and two are both on there
anyone know why my page doesn't update live and i have to refresh?  using latest firefox
@paceyt what season?
@kristina if you're watching on your computer or tablet, season one is available for free here http://www.thewb.com/shows/veronica-mars
kristina watch season two... you can't wait...you'll be stressed.
@lynne nice to know there are perth fans out there :d
just 18,000 needed in 7 days...hope we get a big push at the end :-/
69,000 backers woo hoo!!!
question... i have loaned a friend season 1 should i a) watch season 2 and then go back to 1 or b) wait for her to give it back??? thoughts and comments fellow marshmallows??
which ep should i re-watch right now???  gogogo
@kristina i am in inglewood
@adam thats great :) haven't been to victoria yet..  @lynne where abouts in perth you live? i live in the vines :)
i'm currently rewatching them all & i'm halfway through season 2 but all this piz & parker talk is making me wish i was on season 3 :')
tonight (april 5th)  we need 4.635m and 71.5k followers to make our goals.
@kristina g'day from a fellow perth-ite
@kristina bendigo in victoria but was born in perth so that's something i guess.
@adam g'day mate :p where are you from? i live in the most isolated city in the world... perth :)
@kristina good to see a fellow aussie :) welcome aboard!
neptune noir: unauthorized investigations into veronica mars — http://www.amazon.com/neptune-noir-unauthorized-investigations-veronica/dp/1933771135 investigating veronica mars: essays on the teen detective series — http://www.amazon.com/investigating-veronica-mars-essays-detective/dp/0786445343
hello from australia :) so glad to be a part of this!!! yes it has taken me this long to back :p
@lyz - i am so excited! it's crazy how much can be put into a film. i think you are right and we are golden! *happy dance* @tigernightmare - it's mind boggling how some films can be mega expensive and fail miserably, and some are low budget and yet turn out to be well made and excellent films. some times les really is more. ps: i loved chasing amy!
@cheryl - if your payment fails, kickstarter should send you a notice (i think it's kickstarter) letting you know and with a link to make have the payment resent. if it comes to it, just wait until you have your new card, fix your info as needed and use that to get your payment sent. i had that happen several months ago, although my problem was the bank didn't officially record my deposit until the weekend was over, so i just waited until the deposit went through and had it sent, again.
weird there must have been a glitch. i responded to @stephen but now  it shows that @kcs made the post i was responding to. sorry for all the confusion.
@stephen  mine is as well....as long as that stupid card comes in on time.
@ cheryl i can assure you my pledge is legitimate.
@caitlyn i know! i hope people aren't just screwing around and faking pledges. that would be really disappointing. my credit card # was stolen so now i'm waiting for a new card. i'm praying it comes before the 12th so i can update my info. i really want my pledge to count.
you're not the only one that hopes this.
hope all these pledges are legitimate
the saturn's not supposed to live up to the lebaron. it was meant to be keith's comment on veronica's attitude. read roman mythology. :)
he?  all cars are girls.  just ask my car betty.
plus, if you guys remember, the lebaron was a major part in some awesome vm scenes... he was in the "flat?" "just as god made me" and the destruction of dick's surfing board... not to mention, veronica being kidnapped by an fbi agent, aaron echolls in the backseat, backup coming out of the car to intimidate a few pchers, wallace and veronica speeding away from the neptune high parking lot after they "outed" the tritons, so many memories... the saturn really couldn't live up to the lebaron...
@lais i miss the lebaron too!  it was almost like another cast member.
@lais nah, that car was pretty cool.  i forgot that she didn't have it anymore.
is it strange that i miss the lebaron?
the pony should be a ford mustang. :) that's how you do that.
and also, those cupcakes are freaking awesome! maybe they should be a reward too!
i can't get over how awesome this whole thing is... the fans, the cast, rob. wow.... also... for 4.5m we might not get the nuclear submarine, but veronica really should finally get that pony!
lilly those are so damn awesome!
$52,200 pledged today! only 7 days to go! time for a big push!!!!!!!!  invite all your friends to join the page or group (links below)! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/
yeah that's what they looked like to me too.
i honestly think that the man veronica ends up with needs to have a stronger personality than she does, whether that turns out to be a grown up logan, or someone else entirely. (its definitely not piz)
oh @mandy lol was that logan and veronica dolls?
oh about the cupcakes and what kind they were and the different designs
@cheryl that's what i was thinking! lol o_o ^_^ @mandy you just watched what?
@lilly those cupcakes are awesome!  we're those actual veronica and logan dolls?!
@lilly-i just watched that. it was really cute!
awesome veronica mars cupcakes haha> http://imgur.com/a/xs2ws
don't forget to vote veronica and logan :d http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/03/greatest-tv-couple-round-2-part-3/
dear rob thomas.  please look to beck's 2002 album sea change for that saddest of all sad songs.   guess i'm doing fine is gorgeous and devastating,  also lonesome tears and the truly beautiful lost cause.  all amazing super sad songs.
according to the inflation calculator at westegg.com, $1 million in 1976 would be $3,978,289.92.  that's not as much as i thought it'd be.
rocky was made forty years ago.
beasts of the southern wild: $1.8 million
rocky cost $1 million
@lyz napoleon dynamite cost $400,000
@tiger i liked chasing amy :d
i am watching tonight's person of interest. i didn't know enrico's elias was in the episode. it's a pleasant surprise. :)
i posted this on my friends facebook pages who have a lot of "friends".  you are welcome to cut and paste this if you want! ;) only a few days left to back this and be part of one of the greatest movie projects in history! for only $1, you can get in on this, as well as some exclusive prizes and opportunities! it is more of a club than a project... only those who donate know about the "inside rewards and opportunities". you don't have to be a fan; you just have to like the movie industry and want to be in the know! get in on it before it is over!!!;)  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project
@christina i wish hollywood wasn't so notoriously wasteful with money.  they don't have to rent those ridiculous star waggons trailers with tvs in them and stuff like that.  when kevin smith was filming chasing amy, he let ben affleck sleep on his couch.
@christina, interesting yes, they did say tha the lowest budget for a movie distributed by a major studio and having made at least 1million at the box office is795000 dollars. i'd say we're golden. well, r.t. is. and wb. the movie will be epic. it's funding is!!!
an interesting read about how much the average hollywood movie costs to make. holy crap it's a lot.  i hop rt can swing an epic film!  http://hollywood-movies.yoexpert.com/movies/what-is-the-average-movie-budget-for-a-hollywood-m-1403.html
@tanya hope you feel better soon.
@ tiger - as soon as i get home at a decent hour, i am planing to join y'all, but i have been sick and working 14hr days, thanks for doing that, i cannot wait to join!
thought i'd post another reminder of our skype group.  there's 15 of us who have joined so far.  just add tigernightmare to your contacts and i'll add you.  the one with the wesley avatar, those other tigernightmares are just imitating.
logan improved himself a lot when he is with parker. i kinda hope he was doing it for veronica.
@lily: lol- but even here the most memorable thing was logan's reaction :d
@annika the sex tape was memorable lol!!!!!
sorrz- first love couple- damn autocorrect!
veronica and piz are like a first live couple, like two thirteen year olds, holding hands and smiling at each other, all cute but there's no connection, no passion, nothing... they didn't have one memorable moment together...
well, not if the counter keeps hopping up and down
i never minded piz-he and veronica just made a boring couple. overall he's a nice guy.
exactly @annika no passion at all. the lack of chemistry was torture lol
less than 10.000$ to reach your prevision tiger, with four hours left. we could make it 54000 maybe?
@lyz: lol!!! @kevin: i like piz, but he's no good match for veronica, there's no passion...  even the way they get together- it feels like a brain over heart decision, veronica is not in love with him but thinks he's a good guy
@kevin piz was a wuss and too much of a veronica mars  puppet. her relationship with leo and duncan were more grown up. i prefer them after logan never piz he just didn't fit with veronica imo
the last days need to make an average of $54,000 a day to reach 5 million.
@kevin i'm very very happy none of my grown-up relationships ever looked like this one! i wouldn't stop weeping on my failed love life if there was...
lolololol @lyz stop! haha
yeah jason, though a transplant of personality would be a nice bonus
people were talking earlier about how much they hated piz but i have to say i didnt mind him. the relationship was more like a real grown up relationship. which you never see on tv cause there is no drama no fights. kind of interesting how people disliked that relationship so much and how much they liked the love relationship which of course had plenty of drama. drama always makes for good tv i guess.
lol right @lyz
lol @jason  ^_^
they even can stay together with a lot of drama
@jason: lol i actually like him- just not as veronica's boyfriend...
as long as piz has a solid grown man haircut, i think i may actually be able to put up with him for the duration of the movie.
i'm projecting today's total at $50,000.
@lily: so true! it tends to get boring when everything is just butterflies and rainbows- i get that, i'm okay with drama as long as my favorite couples end up together :)
lololol @lyz hahahaha  ^_^
@lyz: yes, that would be a good reason, too... now i so hope they'll bring that up!!! rooob! :) and i really wanna see cliff back- who's with me? he always makes me laugh!
lilly, i totally agree. hating madison (and duncan lol) was all part of my fun. i loved it that the show made me react so strongly!
@laurelei that was a great episode
tv shows have a tendency to want to breakup couples for drama but in real life people can stay together for years lololol ^_^
@annika here i was thinking i was too slow :)... defending mac's honour sounds a very veronicaish good reason to me!
@lyz good point about veronica projecting her fears and emotions about her relationship with logan onto her jealous for madison.........did i say that right? lol either way interesting i like your analyst.  @annika yes let them be!!!
i hope they hit on madison/mac's family issues -- maybe mac meets her biological mom again? would be great to see that shown. such a touching episode.
@lyz: no i don't
@lyz: you're to fast :d madison finally getting what she deserves would be a good thing for the movie :d but i don't think veronica should tell her without a reason- just because she's better than that, but maybe she'll find out otherwise, like in someone in the family being sick and in need of a donor or something...
i love everyone character on veronica mars for what they brought to the show rather they were a good character or bad character. rather i liked them or disliked them bc they made the show what it was and i love it! everyone except jackie and piz two characters i did not like or couldn't connect with. i couldn't stand them at all.  lol
@annika, do you even happen to read fanfiction?
@lily: that's kind of how the break up felt to me, like they were looking for a reason... dear writers- if you can't find a good reason to break up a couple- just let them be! @lyz: good point- projecting her feelings on madison and maybe even unconsciously finding a way out before she got in to deep...
@maybe she will at the reunion: full draw or catfight, it would be a lot of fun! i can see mac coming, very successful in love and work, madison trying to be mean and just being pathetic, and veronica nailing her, straight on point! thoughts?
@lyz: yeah you're right, she didn't change a bit... probably never will...  veronica is a better person- just imagine madison would know about something like someone being switched at birth, she would rub it in their face- i kind of always waited for veronica to do that, madison would have deserved it!
@annika,you're right. i guess she was jealous, seeing she kept dreaming about it, and didn't want to be, cause it showed she was in love too. and was afraid to be. so she turned her jealousy and her fears into anger, and lashed out on logan. typically veronica. not an uncommon reaction in real life either...
just created an account for my sister and made a pledge for her :)
madison will always be a bitch lol she know who she is and will always be a bitch lol
yes @annika i agree bc that's life.
@annika they just needed a reason to break logan and veronica up so they used madison imo. lol
@lily: that's actually something i really like about vm- that everyone is allowed to have flaws, make mistakes and screw up. no one is perfect...
@annika, sorry, i meant wealthy, of course. and in my mind there's no question about her not growing up. only under my fingers lol
my sons name is logan and this is all so weird for me talking about v's logan.
just voted again...third time. it's getting closer though!
@lyz: don't get me wrong, i absolutely dislike madison too, but i don't quite get the level of hate veronica feels for her. till the point when veronica breaks up with logan because of madison i wasn't aware of how much she hated her, just because there's no obvious reason (she's a bitch in general but there are people who did worse things to veronica)
i think most people know logan said and did mean stuff. i don't think anyone will deny that  or agree that everything he did was right. but he wasn't the only character who did mean and bad stuff that's all i'm saying everyone was flawed, everyone made mistakes, everyone dealt with life situations differently. it's all about growing and learning. they were teenagers.
@laurelei: i think the whole reformed-bad-boy-thing is a big part of what makes logan so attractive :) it's stupid but kinda what girls want, being the one he changed for...
@annika, madison was a bitch to anyone who wasn't healthy. she wrote insults, hard ones, on vronica's car that v just happened to see just after she found out she had been raped. madison was a wapid shallow self-centered mean individual... and she didn't grow up? she got worse with time. and seeing the excerpt we got today, she's still as shallow ten years after. r.t. made her like this, a perfect counter-character to veronica: so fans hate her. logical, imo
oh, i agree that he got better, i just don't see how people can agree that he progressed without acknowledging what he *used* to be like. seems like it's romanticizing him, y'know?
@annika voted again.  i don't understand why people were so into the doctor and rose, especially over sawyer and juliet.  rose was such an idiot who never listened, too.  half of her time on the show was being rescued after wandering off on her own.
oh i dislike madison with a passion she is so ugh!!!  but it's great entertainment lol especially anything between her and veronica.
@laurelei: you absolutely right, he did say mean things and like tigernightmare pointed out a lot of them on purpose to piss people of in season 1. but after getting to know the circumstances i understand it, it's kind of typical for kids that don't get enough love and attention at home- they try to find another way to get attention, doesn't matter if good or bad... (not saying it's right what he said, just explaining it) and the point is- he changed and grew up!
i think the madison hate thing was from lilly's days with veronica. something happened long time ago and the have always dislike each other. then when veronica become shunned madison lead the way and tried to make it worst. it's madison personality that does me in. i would not like anyone who spits in other people drink for any reason. and controlling people do with fear is all she really did in high school.
you can say/believe horrible things but also help people out, can't you? like, i'm not saying he always acted on what he said, but he did say some problematic things (not just about race)  and i think ignoring that is ignoring part of his character. maybe i remember it more because i don't care about him and veronica together all that much, who knows.
@kevin  @annika that's what i don't understand it's alot of double standard depending on who did what act. i agree that she should have been upset with dick more then madison, i think she just hated madisin period bc she was just a bitch tbh
by the way- love 49.6%  keep voting everyone :) http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/03/greatest-tv-couple-round-2-part-3/
i look at it like this if anyone was racist on the show then they wouldn't have helped each other as much ad they did . why would logan even care about weevil graduation if he was a racist? logan & his gang said stuff just like weevil and his gang. but i don't think it was meant to be about racism
@kevin: yeah, i don't really understand that madison- hate- thing either... i actually never saw her as veronica's nemesis and was kind of confused when she was that mad at logan...
logan sometimes said things just to be evil.  especially in the early episodes towards veronica.
@tiger: they did- in detention and to find out who killed felix...
didn't logan and weevil team up occasionally?
in season 1 logan did say a lot against mexicans or weevil in particular, that's true and for sure not right... but, he grew up... he was jackass in the beginning and no one is denying it, but like i said, the way he grew up and after losing his first love i kinda of understand it...
will i knew i was in the minority but idk i think the conversation is an interesting one. just to be clear i don't hate logan actually like him a lot just was never a fan of him as an endgame.  leo was always my favorite even tough he never got a ton of air time. @michelle the whole duncan thing always left me scratching my head too. its like no one reacted very strongly to the fact that he had a kid.... but i think the difference for veronica comes down to the hatred for madison.   which is another thing i always thought was weird sure hate madison she's a bitch but dick was the one who actually had the drugs and actually put them in the drink. madison didn't even know it was drugged. and dick was the one who put her in a bed with beaver and told him to take advantage of her when she clearly wasn't okay. i mean he basically told beaver to rape her. you'd think she'd hate dick with the same passion.
@kerryann, they actually did that on purpose.  season 3 was only picked up for 13 episodes, so they had to end the rapist story early.  then, when the cw picked them up for a few more episodes, they decided to make the storylines shorter to lure more viewers because one of the complaints the cw had was that the storyline was hard for new viewers to follow if they hadn't seen the previous episodes.
like?
i just re-watched the whole series and i'm going to disagree. he said some pretty sh*tty things.
@laurelei no, but if most of us aren't remembering these things, they couldn't have been as big a deal as something that one of the republican presidential candidates said last year.  could they?
logan wasn't racist -_- none of the main characters were.
racism isn't just being in the kkk . . .
@tigernightmare - of ccourse the kids were more scared of veronica than logan. logan would leave them with physical scars...but veronica would leave them with mental scars. she is much more dangerous.
logan has a thing for blondes huh?
@laurelei i actually don't remember logan being racist.  if he was, it wasn't like he was a klan member or anything.  i do remember weevil referring to wallace as a "skinny negro" in the pilot, though.
@lilly and mandy good! i'm glad i'm not over analysing!
@kelly i like what you said! lol you're right he's our psychotic jackass nuff said lol and yes i have friends that do stuff i wouldn't but i love them anyways bc they have big hearts.
@kerryann- no you're not wrong. i was thinking that too just now. it's like you have the dean's death, the campus rapes, prof, landry and his affair with the dean's wife, the sex tape. yeah it would have been nice if they would have toned down the arcs/storylines some.
@michelle exactly its always a double standard when it comes to logan from a lot ppl. i don't know that could be it lol
logan had a couple things going for him as a character: 1) he was truly loyal to v, even when he was dumping her ("if you need me...") 2) we were all predisposed to like him because he saved her all.the.time. his spidey sense was tuned to veronica: when the fbi plant guy had her in the hotel room (even if that wasn't real danger), in the river stix the first time, during the potential rape - even when he wasn't there but had a bodyguard watching her in the cafeteria fight at hurst (which she hated, of course.)  sure he was a psychotic jackass, but his life did basically suck/poor little rich kind, and 3) he was the only one on the show besides her dad and mac who might have been able to keep up with her intellectually/snarkily/witticism for witticism. duncan was worthless in that regard and piz was way too into hero worshipping v to really hold his own. logan may have been a psychotic jackass, but he was our psychotic jackass - i have friends like that, and i bet everyone does.
what about all of the racist stuff logan said (often)? kinda hard for me to write that off.
score, so glad i found this. there is another awesome project on kickstarter that is currently in its last 24 hrs. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inxile/torment-tides-of-numenera
no kerryann you're not wrong
@ michelle gaeta right) but strange
@lyz i was making the point of the fights were just like any normal fight between any people who wanted to fight and they had a choice not to fight. just like anyone rich or poor did. he invited them they didnt have to except the fact it was veterans/bum etc is the reason ppl are making it what it is but if it wasn't them and just normal ppl it wouldn't be that big of an issue. but like i said it was still wrong imo  the pchers use that pool so he burned it down instead of burning their houses down individually when majority of them live with cousins, nieces, nephews grandparents etc
@ kevin i don't think that logan is 100% right with hannah. but i understand him. he was almost in jail for 5 years for the crime he didn't commit. and i think that he was just bluffing about sex with hannah.
i was always amazed how veronica was able to easily forgive duncan for knocking up meg and he even hid the fact from her and she was like okay i still love you, and she helps him escape with the baby. you know if logan did that she would have told him to rot in hell and she gives him such a hard time about him sleeping with madison. yes, it wasn't smart but he didn't cheat they weren't together. they only thing i can figure is v cares much more about logan and that's why she cares about every little thing he does, wrong or right.
@lyz: very good point- he grew up!
well said, lyz! :d
is it just me or do they have too many main  storylines in season 3? season 1 was lily's murder. season two the bus and season was the rapist and then dean o'dell and even a few two episode arcs. i know in s1 and s2 she had cases each episode but the main mystery was the same all season. i'm prob wrong....
@lilly, i agree with almost all what you said, especially about characters all having flaws. but the point is the bum fights were not between different people. they were veterans, let down by the country they fought for. and the pchers burnt logan's house. not the kids using the pool. logan made very bad choices indeed. but he wasn't bad. he wasn't even legal! he was allowed to fail. and grow up. and he did;
one of the biggest things i hate about season 3 was logan obsession with surfing.  lol. they have always showed him as a surfer, but in season 3, they made it seem like that's all he cared about doing.
@tiger nightmare-i could totally see that. after all, the girl did have a taser ;) i know that's probably not what you meant but yeah it is still understandable why kids would be more afraid of veronica than logan.
i think the other kids were more scared of veronica than they were of logan.
@lyz agree to everything you're saying. plus logan never treated veronica bad while they were together veronica treated him bad mostly.
@kevin: logan never cheated on veronica or treated her bad while they were dating- not denying he screwed up a lot, but growing up in his family and than losing the only person you've ever loved (lily)- i guess that explains his need for attention and to numb his pain...  and in many situations he may not have reacted perfect (like the burning hotel in mexico, but like he said, 9 out of 10 guys would have done the same), but mostly he hat reasons i understand... i'd probably wouldn't want my sister or a friend date a guy like that, but for sure i want to :) it's just the way he loves her i guess
@valeria, as he said, it's possible. @kevin, did you never find yourself in a bad situation as a teen? i did, a lot, lucky for me my boyfriends didn't hold it against me!  beside, what did logan do to "put himself" in this situation? meet mercer? be mistaken in his choice of friend? who didn't ever? i did, still do. hope it doesn't mean i don't desserve love!
lol but at the end if the day logan defends the people he love always  @kerryann yes that too
i got a question if the fight was between normal people and they weren't bums would that make people this upset about it? it was like fight club except they fought and whoever won got paid like they had a choice not to fight. although i did think it was wrong but not to that extent.  as for the girl hannah he didnt know  she was the doc daughter when he first met her it was when he picked her up he realized she was his daughter so he took advantage of the situation (like veronica does to nearly everyone she knows esp leo) to get his name cleared bc the doc was lying about what happened and he told hannah all of this and he decided to be with her even tho her father told him he would tell the truth if he stop seeing his daughter.  as for kendall dick & cassidy didnt even care about that they didnt like her anyways but yea wrong tho, as for the pool they burned down his house! jumped him and frame him for murder. can't remember s3 blushing burning situation so can't comment on that. yea logan does some stuff i don't agree with but it's not always as black and white as ppl make it seem.  and veronica hurts ppl she uses all the time, weevil does crazy stuff all the time, duncan had someone killed, leo was going to sell the sex tape which he did to logan who destroyed them bc he didn't want the world to see lily like that even tho it messed up the case but aaron got what he deserved all the characters are flawed and do wrong stuff.
kevin, you think veronica desserves better because you're a man. all's matter of pov!
@ lyz i agree with you. don't you think that logan could be drugged when he woke up in the motel? he said to veronica that it is possible.
@valeria i would say there is a big difference with flirting with someone to distract him and steal keys and starting a relationship with the intent that it goes far enough that her parents are afraid you will have sex and in turn give into your blackmail..... please agree. @lyz it has more to do with putting yourself in a situation that you burn a building down then running away which really most people would probably do.
@kevin, logan didn't cheat on veronica, he didn't burn a building but a pool, and escaped another one because he was afraid! he was nineteen§ he was not always a hero, so whet?
@mandy  i liked that stunt too.. that's something i would have done... but knowing me i would have got put in a cell across the hall from him!! (thats my luck!)
@kevin  i don't judge logan for using hannah at first. for me he has no choice: 5 years in jail or do something, veronica didn't help him. isn't it the same thing  veronica did with leo?
ehh idk totally think veronica deserves way better  (i mean basically the worst things that have happened to her other then someone trying to kill her or rape her have been because of logan)  but i don't think love fans have anything to worry about. the movie is being made because of the fans and  the love crowd is very vocal and seems to be a majority.
@kevin i agree with you.  i love logan for his own messed up self and want him to have a happy ending with a great woman, just not veronica! not a popular point of view obviously.
@kerryann-yeah i like this episode too. especially when logan smashes the police cruiser just so he could go to jail and release some justice on mercer for almost raping veronica.
@lyz  lol yeah.. but from my perspective growing up.. (being a nice guy) i never understood why girls hung with guys who treat them like crap.  but that is sooo true no one asks permission about their love life... that doesn mean the parent has to like it ;)
@mandy i like that episode it's on of my favourites which is kinda wrong but i can't help it
@jon, girls just love to try and redeem bad boys. as a father of teens daughter you have good reasons. and as an ex-teen girl, i'll tell you daughters don't ask permission about their love life. and logan is not a bad boy. he's an abused one, no girl loved him in the pilot!
@kerryann-oh that episode is going to be on soapnet on monday. that's where i'm catching all of the reruns of veronica mars. i'm watching it right now and of course this is the episode that veronica almost gets raped in.
i'm watching the episode where logan looks after the little girl. he is so sweet. i love him
@diana,  hello!  yes for sure you can't help who you fall in love with.. i totally agree with you there.. love is a chemistry thing and ive seen a lot of cases first hand that leave me and others scratching our heads.
@kevin what kerryann said.  his virtues far outweigh the bad things he's done.
@kevin-girls tend to love bad boys. yes, logan made have done those things but he also rescued veronica when cassidy was going to kill her. he save her in season 3 when she was drugged. the bad things that he did may outweigh the good in numbers but it's the idea that goes a long way. i'm not saying it's right but out of veronica's three main boyfriends (not counting troy or leo) logan is the one that made the most sense really
i am new marshmallow fan, and i am so excited about the movie. i want 2014 already. i don't go into ships war. it's too difficult. people can't changed about for who fall in love. i like logan, and i like love. i think maybe now they are mature enough for a relationship.
@kevin i think it's because his love for v is never questioned. even before they kissed he wouldn't let anything hurt her. he really loves her and that negates all the bad stuff.
@kevin  i guess deep down women are attracted to the "bad-boy" image. if vm were my daughter no i would not want her to be seeing him.. realistically being a dad of two teenage girls myself i can say that.
okay i'm sorry i have to ask, huge fan of veronica mars but i never got to the love for love.  if your sister, daughter, or friend was veronica would you want her dating logan? yeah okay they are snarky and have great banter. but banter not a relationship make. i mean it is often in question if he has cheated on her, he burnt down an entire building possibly killing several people.  he arranged a bum fight!!! used a girl to make her fall in love with him to blackmail her father into dropping charges.  withheld information on the actual eye witness of a murder burnt an entire public pool causing it to close along with other acts that helped create an almost warlike zone in neptune between have and have nots.  had sex with a married gold digger whose step sons were his friends.  and thats just what i can think of off the top of my head i mean i wouldn't want him anywhere near one of my friends. what is the appeal please explain!!!
@ lilly  hiya =^) @kate,  yeah i know what you mean about piz being uber awkward...  he needs to loosen up and get into to some trouble once in a while.!
@lyz,  yes i saw that.. i was hoping for 4.75 but this will do.. 8 days left ya know... @tiger,  i am at work :(
@jon!!!!! :)
hey, jon.  gotta go to work?
@mandy i felt like it was no point to bringing him in the ruin love. if you watch the first episode of s3 it's obvious that's what rt was going to do just for tension and drama which wasn't needed imo. i felt like the characters esp veronica and logan took a step back compared to s1&s2 where you clearly see the maturing and not allowing what happened between family & friends starting with lily's death control their lives. i felt s3 started off in a i matured direction then it just vanished. but i'm re-watching s3 now maybe i'll have a different opinion good or bad lol
@jon did you see the numbers? must seem big after two days!
what'd i miss?  i just read up on the updates so that's cool!
hahaha no, but i was spending a lot of time on the road.  i took my team on a field trip to visit some suppliers
piz and veronica were dumb. the only relationship of veronica i couldn't understand or see why they were together. he just wasn't her type to me, to wussy and lame! lol he didnt even defend her during the whole sex type debacle right? parker is right up there with madison to me. lol
i just don't like how they gave us veronica and piz together. it felt extremely forced. especially with their 'sex tape'.
@ jon of course!
it depresses me that the private theater one always seems to have one more available.....(if i could buy it i would...that's my favorite of the really expensive prizes....)
hi jon, we were worried! were you in china?
watching piz and veronica kiss is just sad. and gross. sorry but it's uber awkward.
@valeria: i think they both have rights to be angry at duncan/ logan, but not at veronica, she didn't steal them or anything... which is of course is easy to say... but parker being mad at veronica for me is worse, as veronica's friend in a situation like that, she should worry about her!
'ello everyone!  miss me?
also meg apologized to veronica and told her why she was angry.
@ mandy i agree about piz, you're not alone. @ courtney i agree with valeria meg was more upset about the fact she was pregnant. but i never really liked that whole meg/veronica/duncan situation bc i felt like d dumped meg when he realized v wasn't his sister which sucked bc meg was a good person . @ michelle i agree about parker.
@courtney: yeah, you're right! @mandy: i totally understand- i just finished my vm-marathon and was like- if they bring back piz, does that mean veronica is still with him?! that would me make no sense whatsoever! he's a nice guy, but not a guy for veronica... another love- sign: logan says in the last episode: someone's always has to pay right- isn't that the rule we live by?
guess i should remind you fans of genre tv that tonight is also the premiere of bryan fuller's hannibal.
@ courtney i think meg has more rights to be angry, duncan dumped her when she  was pregnant.
@courtney wow you're so right! you just can't top veronica's charm.
parker was just season 3's meg. friends until they move in on v's ex then they realize no one beats v and lash out at her, instead.  i loved how meg freaked out, after duncan freaked out - "this is about veronica, isnt it.  you still love her!"
is it super mean of me to say i really don't want piz back in this movie? i know that's mean but him and veronica never made any sense to me. they never challenged each other. in a word, they were boring. i also know this is a class reunion movie so they shouldn't be bringing him back but in the rewards and they're talking about who they were hoping would come back he was mentioned. if he does, i hope it's like a super small part. i'm sorry i know it's mean to say and i have nothing against chris lowell but they never made sense to as a couple.
it's a curse
stosh? that's not much better. i was searching for the name origin and meaning and urban dictionary cracks me up: derived for the polish version of the name "stanley;" an often insulting nickname for a stupid person. variations include, stoshu, stash, stashu, and stoshy man, piz has nothing going for him.
stosh piznarski
@michelle it's stosh
what is piz really name. to this day i can't figure it out.
like i said, everyone but logan and veronica...
also, wallace's comments to veronica about not breaking piz's heart makes me more certain everyone except l and v know it's meant to be.
@kate: lol!
alright experiment is over! 37 dollars total! if you still wanna follow me that be awesome, sorry if i'm annoying marshmallows! lets break the record! @dalybear
@michelle: yes, that made me upset too... she's the one dating a friends ex! be mad at logan, okay, but the way she treats veronica is just not okay- not even if your mad as hell!
why in heaven's name would you date a guy named piz. it sounds like, "oops, too much coke, gotta go piz now."
like she didn't even care this had happened to veronica and she was supposedly her friend.
i was always mad at parker because she was so mad at logan for defending veronica and the "sex tape" but  if i had a friend who had this happen to them, i would be mad with logan and defending her not putting her down because my bf is still in love with her.
parker: just so you know, the best way to show you're still in love with your ex girlfriend is to beat up her new boyfriend! obvious sign- but a good one :)
ok so 6 followers in an hour so i'm adding 6 more dollars to my 25. that was a fun experiment! your all pretty cool! alright now i'm gonna go crazy. 2 dollars for every follow i get in the next 30 minutes. let's see what happens haha twitter: @dalybear
@lilly sorry. :)
@kate my life is sooo boring. being a single mum is boring but luckily i get my excitement from shows like vmars! @annika i can do that! i am a bit worried that rob said v hasn't seen logan for 9 years!! i really hope the spark just comes straight back and its not a sad ending for them!  it would be funny if he was married now and they start something up after all the crap she gave keith when he was seeing harmony.
@kate stop!! you're making me excited!!! :d
@kate boring is underrated.  everyone should realize this.
@kerryann: just help us finding signs, makes it more bearable :d @kate: so is my love life :)
evening everyone! i still haven't been able to finish the second half of season 3 because it makes me sad.
no kate... :-(
my real life is boring.
@kate: yes- definitely a sign! good one! @valeria: you're right, i remember that! it just shows- there meant to be and everyone knows it, except them :)  (good thing we're not obsessing over a tv- couple :d)
in his first episode, it was his number that came up and reese protected him, not knowing that he was the bad guy.  at the moment, he's in prison, but still has influence and connections.
@annika michler i agree  logan to veronica: i'm not gonna see you for a whole week. that's like a month. (s2ep22)
@annika, in the paul rudd episode, mac can't decide between eggplant and vegetarian lasagna, then veronica picks lasagna, then piz calls and v says, "it's the eggplant" which is what she did not choose or want. sign. :)
@kate just watched that episode :d  so funny- all the talking about if logan and veronica really belong together, if it's true love... yesterday makes me notice things i've never noticed that much before- on the next episode, the one about all of them making summer plans, isn't it kinda of a sign that neither logan nor veronica think about parker or piz when planing their summer? i bet that would have been different if the two would still be together :)
did not know that, i tend to float in and out of the show, just catching an episode here and there. i do love that they now have dog now.
@kc he's been in more than one episode.  he's recurring.  new new new new new.
@tiger, is that a new episode? i'm pretty sure i've seen an episode rico guest starred in, but maybe he's back.
um, ok, so the season 3 episode where piz escorts the rocker? just realized that was paul rudd. oops.
enrico colantoni is going to be on a new episode of person of interest tonight.
60k a day and 2400 backers is daily goal. so tonight we need 4.6m and 70.7k followers.
any follow i get on twitter in the next hour, i will donate 1 dollar per follower! i'll even take a picture of it so you believe me! @dalybear hope we break the record!
get your family and friends to donate at least a dollar... tell them that is all you want for your birthday!   we can do this!! :)
cmon! we need more backers!!!!!!!!!!!!
anyone have 18,772 friends willing to donate $1?
#teamlove! lol
we need to rustle up at least another 18,772 backers or about 2350 per day to beat double fine adventures!
hey everybody, wanna follow me on twitter? i swear my tweets are better than average. follow @dalybear i'll follow back!
@balabanto..........................................................
lilly yeah you have explained better than me....
thank you. :) all the love in the world to those who are on board with that. i thought about it today on the train to work and felt like sharing. :)
you you got to look at it like this, she dated duncan throughout season 2 and they now know they aren't related. her and logan were broken up and at that point just friends. logan just declared his love for her in a drunken state but it was all true and she obviously felt something in return. if it was her subconscious then why dream of being with logan and not duncan at that point when nothing didn't change by lily's death.
@kate: no arguing here :)
@balabanto you're killing me, smalls.
kate there is no arguing veronica is supposed to be with logan...
@kate i agree with you, i think it was rob's way of saying she would have ended up with logan no matter what. the difference is the situation bc of lily's death it changed everything and everyone making it harder bc of all the issues everyone gain by lily's death. rather it was trust issues, family issues etc etc
@kate-no i wasn't surprised. i was like elisa. i was thinking it was her subconscious telling her who she was supposed to be with.
i hope it based on her emotions, it was her dream, and for the first time of her life she preferred logan. just my thoughts
bespeaks their destiny to be reunited, i mean. if lilly's death and subsequent events had not transpired, they would have been together anyway. it's meant to be. don't argue. you know i'm right. :)
@valeria @annika i loved it too, and i think it speaks to the greater connection between the two. if lilly's death hadn't driven them apart, they would still have been together. lilly's death did drive them apart, and they still found each other. the aftermath of lilly's death (madison accidentally drugging the now unpopular veronica and then sleeping with logan season 3) has caused them to be driven apart yet again, but i still believe that small change, even though it was fantasy, bespeaks their destiny to be united. end rant. :d love
i was not surpreised i have interpreted the scene as if veronica's subconscious was telling her who her real love was...
@katee no. jason was still being paid. teddy wasn't.
@ kate - yes and no, because i think duncan still had an inkling that his mom thought that veronica was his sister, so i think even in her alternate realty dream, duncan still turned cold on her and she moved on to logan.  although i am surprised because since when do bff's date each others leftovers?
@kate me too, still don't understand why, but that was cool
@kate: surprised, but i loved it!
thought of the day: in the season 2 finale "not pictured" when veronica dreams of her graduation if lilly was alive and her mom never left, was anyone else surprised that she still ended up with logan and not duncan?
hahah yes everyone they are catching up! :d
would spell it waltzing here
trying to find an american sad song... valtzing mathilda, tom waits
@kate, nope, doesn't work from france.
@kate, i was kidding... anyway, love is at least ten times stronger than vasy (funny, vas-y means "go" ( in french, worth ten votes imo.
the weepies' "living in twilight" or  beck's "lost cause" for lost loves; iron and wine's "passing afternoon" for someone actually dying (granted, house already used that one to great effect, but its still a brilliant song).
@ annika - i love that song, but prefer the fleetwood mac original.
@lyz i keep reloading the page. it may be cheating.... but it's just a silly survey so i don't feel that bad. :)
@ jennifer - that shirt is awesome!
@kate-i love the song hallelujah by jeff buckley. very good song
ne me quitte pas,  jacques brel
just had to pop in to show the veronica mars tshirt love that i've got on display today!  time to hit the oc hard!!! https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/319860560030216193/photo/1 https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/319860881783681024/photo/1
@kate, how can you vote more than once? i  tried, though it's kind of cheating lol, but it didn't work!
@ kate - i thought of hallelujah and i love me some billie holiday.
landslide- smashing pumpkins! i voted too- though the question who's love is the strongest doesn't fit logan and veronica too good :)
you can vote more than once, fyi. i am. :)
done
"hallejulah" jeff buckley
"gloomy sunday...." billie holiday
and i am torn on the sad song, totally depends if there is a death or just loss of love...  death, i go old school, as in swing low sweet chariot or send in the clowns, and then new school - miranda lambert's over you song gets me every time.  love, well, nothing compares to you..., i think its going to rain (beaches version), yesterday, i could go on.  thoughts from others?
i voted too!!
score, so glad i found this. there is another awesome project on kickstarter that is currently in its last 32 hrs. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inxile/torment-tides-of-numenera
@ lilly - voted here too, thx for the link.
@lilly....voted!
@lilly-it's getting closer. i voted last night and voted again now and it's about 52/48. last night was 55/45 so love is getting closer to winning. everybody should go vote!
yes @jose
vote please veronica & logan  http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/03/greatest-tv-couple-round-2-part-3/
@jose-we're not doing too bad though right now. i've been up for 3 hours and it's already increased 10k and apparently it increased about 20k overnight when i went to bed. it's still possible. i think it would be interesting if kristen followed through on her deal that if we hit 5 million she'd taser him. so funny!
so... i'm glad it's heading towards 4.6 million... $5m and kristen tasers rob! lol... i'm sure it was a joke but we're holding it to her.  so according to my calculations. we need an average of 2360 donors each day to beat the record and $57,120 to reach $5m... possible?
that update script made me giggle. i picture veronica and madison the whole time reading it lolol love it
@kate ikr i watched the first episode of season 3 last week and haven't watched the rest yet bc i already what the season will bring.
to me, u2's with or without you is pretty sad. of course i've already nicknamed this song the ross and rachel breakup song. i was so sad when they broke up on friends. the lyrics can tend to ring true for veronica and logan though.
rough draft will be completed yes! now we need more confirmed actors, movie location, polished scripted and filming to begin lol that's not too much? :d
finishing my season 1 rerun tonight.. as good as ever! and madison is back? yes!!! worth every penny!!!
@mandy - that's the impression that i got
he said it would be a strange choice to end the vm movie on. so we're getting the saddest song ever for the end of the movie??
one of guys tweeting rob said puff the magic dragon was the saddest song ever.
hmm... the fact that he's looking for the saddest songs ever doesn't seem to bode well for the ending. haha.
@kate so true...i'm sure rt will find a way to give her what she deserves...
@kate - i have trouble watching the end of the third season now.  also, was hoping to connect with some fellow backers on twitter (just joined so it's new to me). my handle is @devilwoman77. would love to have fellow vm lovers to converse with there as well. everyone have a great day!
i love how after he tweeted that, he asked for the saddest songs...uh oh! i recommended parachute's mess i made and forever and always. if you haven't listened to those songs, or the band, i recommend it! it's a bit pop/rock. i went to college with a couple of the guys :)
so excited for this movie! veronica mars shaped my life so much! i started watching the show at 14 and i was so happy to see a strong female presence on tv who was flawed, but smart and brave. glad to have a veronica mars movie!
so excited he's finishing the script today. it may be a rough draft but it's something.
rob thomas is finishing the script today! well, the rough draft at least :)
@jesca madison, unfortunately, is not that smart. dare to dream, though.
@kate goodmorning! is anyone secretely hoping madison is the killer or at least suspected so we can see her behind bars just once!
once i finish these last five episodes of season 3, i don't think i'm going to rewatch the third season until the movie is close to release. it makes me too sad. :(
madison sinclair, the bitch that just keeps on giving.
madison's back...... yikes!
hi kate, hi all, yesterday was a good day for this project, this one seems to be on its way to good too!
@kate good morning! so happy to log on and see another update! the movie will be incredibly awesome, no doubt.  yay!!!
@ashley thanks. i had seen a few episodes back when it originally aired, but not the whole series. i don't know why i didn't check the numbers when i put it in netflix, because i'm usually really good at that, and i didn't want to have to send it back and wait for disk 1.
good morning all!
@stephanie: watching party down out of order shouldn't be a huge deal. the only thing that really has any sort of story arc across multiple episodes/seasons is the henry & casey thing. as far as the comedy goes you don't really need to see the previous episodes for most of the jokes to make sense.
@stephanie mostly they can be watched in any order but you might be a little lost on the progression of the henry/casey relationship
anyone know what the number 2 project is for backers?  i know project eternity had 73,982, but unsure if there were any between pe and double fine.
if this project wants to beat the backers record, things need to really ramp up. there was less activity during the overnight period last night compared to the previous two. and even if the backer numbers stayed steady at the 1,600-1,700/day we've gotten over the past two days, it'll still be plenty short. spread the word, folks!
question: i just put party down on my netflix and didn't realize i messed up the order until i got the email. does it matter what order i watch the episodes in?
it is funny because i only heard about this kickstarter on the torment board.  never heard of veronica mars before someone posted a link in the comments over there.  so far i have watched all of season 1.
@michael, i am backing both... so it is win win either way.  i hope some friendly competition pushes this project though.  looking at kicktraq, project eternity (which is a very similar game to torment) got over 10k backers in the final 2 days and ended with 73k backers.... it is highly likely that torment will eclipse veronica for # of backers before it closes tomorrow at 8pm.
i wouldn't worry about torment. they'd need 22,000 backers in one day.
@ katrina - i was thinking the same thing, as i just backed torment....  but that one also ends tomorrow.   morning all!
this kickstarter is going to have some friendly competition from the torment kickstarter for backers.  torment is up to almost 66k backers..... better hurry up and find more people to pledge $1....
good morning balabanto!  i feel like i haven't seen you on in a while!  just wanted to say hi! :)
they are character-fill ins. he doesn't know who they are yet. it's based on who he can cast.
vapid tool and steroid cautionary tale cracked me up. i wonder who they are.
i got all of my family to pledge at least $1.  i am pitching this to everyone i know to become part of hisotry to back this! ;)
i so hope that clive is going to be back! love him :)
of course wallace and madison are retuning to the show via the big screen. why on earth would rob include and therefore tease fans with these characters in the script and/or updates otherwise? think people!!
i'm actually so damn glad we backers don't have rights to the film. just imagining the extent of patience needed by the powerful players in order to sift through the monotonous textual garbage, scares me. imagine the damage this power would have if unleashed on the film?!
as promised ... now that intl users are in .. i've updated my pledge to receive the digital download ... nice works guys!!!
@candice i agree! feels very "early veronica mars" with the highschool reunion- the movie is going to be great!
nice script excerpt.
so we finally got an update! yay. if he has written wallace and madison in the script surely it's assumed they are coming back? i mean madison could prob be replaced but it would be weird to have another wallace,
hi, i just wanted you to know i'm missing a digital film only backer level for backers outside the us. as i dont want to waste 10$ on shipping i'm sadly forced to stick with the 1$ level.
19187 backers needed
yay! hated that character though :')
new update only for backers, yay !! :d
coming back from the easter holidays and finding out that you now ship to norway was phenomenal. thank you so much! you have been given whatever amount a poor uni student has to spare, and i'll be sure to tell my friends about it. looking forward to seeing the results, make this movie shine vm style! :)
yes....!!!!!
@awwake. happy, 4,52m this morning, that's great
ciao lyne.... how are you???
ciao cara
morning everyone!!!
i hate to be negative, but i don't know if we'll do 2500 backers a day. i'm still confident in 5.1m for the final amount.
still hoping for the short design! i really just need to know if it will be in black so i can lower my pledge because my dogs don't allow me to have black clothes :(
i'm hoping you guys will post the t-shirt design already! i can't wait to see what it'll look like. you could really use the boost in this remaining week.
i committed to my backing only last might and i saw update 11 about jason for i did, so i hardly think that is it.  hopefully we will get other news or an update by tomorrow.  either way, i'm ecstatic there will a movie with money to help make it good.  i'm also thrilled to be helping out the cause in some way.
@tigernightmare i didn't even notice that until you said it. that makes since now! i'd rather it be that then thinking i actually missed an update haha!
anyway. after yesterday and today, i'm really curious to see how the total racks up tomorrow!
lame. we needed more clarity! oh well
i think the news was like this: 1. all further updates are for backers only. 2. the backer-exclusive surprise was jason signing a contract, update #11.
@micheal yes couple of us where thinking sent update early as update 11 it says backers only and then special treat pics of jason.
i tweeted him earlier. never heard anything. actually haven't heard anything from him in like hours
have people tweeted rob about it?
@michael i agree, and @amanda too!!
phone *^ sorry auto text acted up. anyways must if been my phone cause the number went up again :)
@amanda: agreed :/ and the "i promise" didn't help. haha
did we just lose $1,000? or was it my phi e acting up? also is there going to be an update today after all? i've been watching all day but haven't seen anything!!
@amanda-i know; i'm disappointed too. i wouldn't have minded if the news that jason was now in the movie was the surprise. it just would have been nice to know that that was the surprise. i know there were some of the people in england who stayed up until 1 or 2 am their time just to see it and it never came. right now with an hour and 39 minutes until midnight (since i'm in central time) it's not looking good.
i was totally waiting for a surprise all day long too...kind a disappointed....
@holly i just voted i hadnt looked today because yesterday it was full of old shows i had never even heard of, but it done now need to get the word out to everyone
19436 backers needed
@robyn i just put out a post on facebook, hopefully some friends and family will join in on our final push?
the reason i got the impression that there was gonna be another surprise today was because in the update he says  "also, starting today, kickstarter backers are going to begin receiving exclusive for-your-eyes only content." (which i figured was the jason dohring thing), then he says "plus, there'll be a backers-only treat tomorrow. i promise." (which i figured was... something for today lol)
i just moved, so i don't have a lot of friends out here, but if i did, i would totally have a viewing party of my own to get non-watchers to watch this awesome show!  just an idea... turn it into a drinking party maybe?
i just voted too and posted it on my facebook status and told others to vote.  ;)
@holly-i just voted. they're not behind by a lot but if everyone on here posting comments would vote it may make a difference.
i got all of my family members to join for at least a dollar!  ;)
i tried to convince all the guys at work to give the show a chance. they teased me but one of two may look into it. am trying.
veronica and logan are behind in the ew poll against greatest tv couples...against sydney and vaughn from alias.  we must change this, stat! http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/04/03/greatest-tv-couple-round-2-part-3/
i got two more people to sign up today!  slowly but surely!!! spread the word; you never know who a fan is that might not have heard about this yet!  ;)
so happy to see the numbers climb up!  everyone is doing such a great job!  vm fans should feel very proud of themselves!!!!
$74,386 pledged today!!!!!!! only 9 days to go! invite all your friends to join the page or group (links below)! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/
i've missed all the fun for the past several days as i drove from st. louis to melbourne, fl to find a new place to live.  i'm happy to see that we hit $4.5 million!  i think $5 million is a certainty at this point.  i can't wait for this project to go before the cameras!!! :)
@jesca i'm thinking there was some confusion about the update.  it was probably yesterday.  people here got me thinking jason wasn't the news and there was another thing today.  but update 11 was visible to backers only, and then of course it's on the websites a minute later.
i think what happened is that rt promised a surprise for today and instead it came out yesterday, maybe because the media let it slip?
i think we can get 68,000 backers by midnight pacific.
hmm, weevil, piz, keith show as announced too. they're probably going off of rumors. damn you imdb! if only i had an imdbpro account to see when it was 'announced'
my estimate has already been reached with almost two hours left.  the day ends between $69,000 and $71,000
yay, it was finally pay day so i could back this.
mac (tina m) is still showing as in negotiations, but dick/ryan says announced. did they come to a deal and forget to tell us? http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1218621/…
wow! i'm a little surprised it was more money today than yesterday. it didn't seem like it would be. it seemed like it crept up really slowly.
we did five thousand in the last hour. nice.
officially more money today than yesterday!
that's a lot of marsmallows.
so... no backers-only treat yet, eh? we're running out of hours in the day!
nice almost a tenth of the way to 4.6 already... hope it keeps going like this.
i got a response about the tshirts about two hours ago.  he said the t shirt design is almost done, and they will be posting it soon.
oh, i don't know if i can live up to the pressure that comes with this mega pimp status.
kristen just tweeted about the $1 pledge...maybe an update is on its way!
mandy, like i said, the only time they tweet at it is when they are responding to a fan who has including him in their tweet. if any of them actually followed him, that would be one thing. ryan, rob and kristen all follow each other, but none of them follow the fake jason account. if you want to continue, that's fine, but know you are just giving attention to someone trying to get attention by pretending to be an actor you probably like.
@mandy i think we should all be skeptical unless the account gets verified.
@gavin night =)
well it's 2am here now so i'm gonna go to bed presuming the surprise was the jason dohring announcement. good night marshmellows!
actually as we mentioned it is actually his account because it's the account that kristen, rob, and ryan and others from the show tweet too. if kristen hadn't tweeted to it, i wouldn't be following it. it actually is his account.
wasn't around earlier to respond, but, no the jason_dohring account is not real. the pictures are all ones that were published publicly. the only time i've seen rt respond to that account was when he was responding to someone who included @jason_dohring in their message, so all names ended up responded to.
@kerryann, according to the update yesterday the only ones definitely committed prior to yesterday were rob, kristen and the $10,000 donor with the one line speaking role.  that said, the jason announcement was yesterday so that's why most people here are expecting more news today.
i tweeted him too....
@mandy....well....i use the term waiting patiently loosely. very loosely....i've been stalking this page for hours. but i wouldn't want to scare him. and @gavin, the update about jason was posted april 2nd, so unless there's some sort of bug with the dates, i think that would explain why we're assuming that isn't the surprise.
@gavin that's what i thought it was but other are saying its not so im hoping its true and there is something else. i mean i assumed he was already signed up along with rico and ryan.
@michelle-we're all waiting patiently? that's news to me ;)
@gavin- i actually mentioned that several times. just unsure if that was the "big news"
i mean jason being all signed up is definitely the best news, in my opinion, other than this whole thing actually happening. but i am dying to know what this surprise is.
@gavin-he shouldn't have given us that news last night then or at least have mentioned that was the surprise he was going to give us tonight.
has nobody considered the news of jason dohring confirming that he's in the movie is that surprise for today?
@michelle- lol
maybe we should all tweet rob, just remind him that the day's coming to a close...and we're all waiting patiently. =p
it is now 1.30am here in london and my patience for this surprise is wearing thin! there is only so many times a girl can refresh a page!
@katy-ahh...cool. i'm getting impatient too though. i sent rob a message thru my twitter asking where our surprise is. it would be nice if he'd respond but not counting on it. it would be nice though if it prompted him to go ahead and give us the surprise then.
@mandy - suburbs of chicago, il
@katy  thank you much!
@katy, what state are you in?
@phil- will do cuz!
by hollywood standards it was a relatively realistic relationship in my opinion.  most shows that feature witty, intelligent resourceful kids portray the parents as clueless.  rt never fell into that cliche.  keith was always there to help veronica out of a jam if necessary, but he also called her on her crap and didn't let her get away with taking responsibility when things went wrong.
the wait is killing me! i just want to know if we are getting news today or not!
@mandy- i agree. i'm in central time zone as well. think i need to work on my patience!
well hell... katy, if you hear anything, facebook me... i have to sleep before work.
@katy, i'm thinking it's still coming. it's only 7 in the central time zone where rob and i both are. (couple states separate us though-i'm in nebraska and as far as i know he's in texas). it needs to come out though. we've been waiting long enough today.
@jlw lol. so true.
@katy great minds think alike and at the same time
@craig- couldn't said it better myself!
i'm hoping he has a significant role as well, because i think the relationship between he and veronica is an important aspect of the show.  he was her "rock."  the one she could count on no matter what and a significant role model.  it will be interesting to see how their relationship has developed in the interim.
@phil- i was just wondering if maybe he just released it early. was hoping we would get more info though...
@ katy there is something coming i assume... the jason thing hit yesterday
@jlw  that's what i was wondering....
it is not what rob thomas can do for you but what you can do for rob thomas.
i know we still have time in the day but when i look at update 11 it says backers only. do you think maybe he just released it early .
so was our "big" treat that jason d was in? or are we getting something else? i mean i am over the moon about jason being in the movie but do we get anything else?
i'm thinking rob thomas already had an idea of what his cast's other commitments were already and is writing the script accordingly.
i don't think yo mean rico he is and always is rico playing keith mars playing someone else.
@craig i am banking on a big part for enrico and i did,  at least, understand what that sentence meant :-)
@phil, sorry to break in.  a rough translation if that phrase is "after it, therefore caused by it."  it is indeed an example of flawed logic.  you are a philosopher and didn't even realize it.  with regard to the discussion about enrico being a part of the project, i think they will do what they can to accommodate the schedules of the principle cast members, enrico included.  i think he'll definitely be in the movie if at all possible.  even if it's a relatively small role to fit in with his other commitments.
4.5. yippeee!
@phil: i'm with ya. i gave up on facebook about a year ago, ugh
@michael... that's face book for me... hate face book but like advertising for free.
@penny: i believe they were shooting for june with kb's due date in mind...
@penny i think two plus months is adequate unless they are gonna film the whole thing in a bathing suit.
@phil: agreed. at this point it's become a necessary evil for me, though...
i wouldn't be surprised if they pushed filming back a tiny bit; kb did have a baby last week :)
on another note... i hate twitter.
@jlw don't panic there are tons of days in june.
reading one of enrico's tweets says he doing something in june that is not vm. didn't rt say that is when they are filming?
and they could double sell it, since each actor has 2 sides ;-)
@ kat that is genius!
they should add a 10k tier for, kristen bell, rob thomas or jason dohring to sit next to you at the premier....  that could raise a few $$$
@phil - good to know :-)
@katrina oh i do... every day... clean ones too
my 4 years of high school latin "semper ubi sub ubi"
@craig it was not so much the latin but a speech class... it's an example of flawed reasoning... i really don't know latin in any real way.
@phil, as far as my two semesters of latin and somewhat faulty memory can tell, your quote was entirely correct and appropriate.
"plus, there'll be a backers-only treat tomorrow. i promise. " rt written on the home page under the april 2nd update :)
@phil.. could be... i was thinking there were a lot of new people backing this kickstarter and may not know about the comments... but your comment makes sense too.
woohoo 4.5 mill!
@katrina video games are supported by internet people.. i think a lot of the backers here are into just helping with the movie.
@craig yeah i do stuff like that.
it is funny how this project has very little going on in the comment section... 67k backers and 9k comments.  for comparison the torment video game has 64k backers and 35k comments....
@phil, there was a ww episode called post hoc ergo proctor hoc.  i left the comment section for a few minutes and the first thing i saw was your comment.  not many people quote latin in most of the boards i seem to frequent, but when i looked back at the prior comments it made sense.
oh nooooo cuz... we can't look at 5 mill as a win... we need some major money!!
a thousand bucks in 15 minutes. i like this rate.
meanwhile we crawl toward five million... what's up with the talk of an update from rt? i missed something obviously...
yay! $4.5 million! only $500,000 more to go!
@jenny no i meant log into skype and look up tigernightmare under the contact search and then send him a message.
same! i was getting a little worried when we sunk to like 20k a day, but now its making 60k+ a day, and it's not even the weekend yet... insane-o!
@stephen the bar scene just sold the hell out of me... as a pool hall owner and bartender for 12 years... the whole scene just resonated.
@ phil i am assuming jack reacher. it i definitely worth watching for an action film. some of it is predictable.
@michael i've been impressed by the solid numbers sans any really ultra crazy amazing super fantabulous news..
we did over a hundred thousand in two days. that is a lot better than 30,000 a day.
@stephen how do i send tigernightmare a message? i'm new on kickstarter and can't find it.
@phil: agreed. i see this easily making 5.5-6mil. especially with the new initiative of breaking the backer record!
@craig no... i didn't watch west wing... but if it makes me look clever at all then yes... it was totally a west wing reference.
i think they will add something in the last few days to really push that amount :)
well i sent pm to my contacts on both youtube and livejournal about this kickstarter. got quite a few responses back already, even if most of them were to say they had already heard about it and donated. that's how awesome my internet friends are! now, if only a few of the others who hadn't heard of it will check it out, or at least get interested in checking out veronica mars, i will be happy.
@travis bet ya we get to six by the end.
@phil was that a west wing reference?
4.5 - great news! it's going to be a stretch for the full $5m. still, 225% raised is pretty damn good regardless :)
@amy... it's just so addictive!! lol
@stephen what did you think of reacher?
499,548 ;)
only 500, 000 to go!
i see most movies when they hit theaters so just ask and i can give you a rating.
he makes money teaching english and other classes.
@stephen i guess even james franco has to do the occasional movie for $$$$.  he has to pay for all those grad school classes somehow.  i don't even think i'll waste my money on dvd rental for breakers, but you're right oz does look cool.
@candice keep blinking please... probably post hoc ergo proctor hoc but that's ok... i'm taking the hundreds as they come.
$4.5 million!  i'm so stoked. i really want to see us get to $5 million. spread the word, marshmallows!
now what to do. *twiddles thumbs*
ah woo hoo
that was an anti-climax :') so..... probably should go to sleep....but it keeps growing!
wow, i blinked and we got another hundred.
how much longer til 5m?
wheee.
now wheres the surprise!!?
yay
yay 50 bucks & 4.5 million
4.5
bam!!!
4.5!!!!!!!!! yes!!
yay! now gimme my surprise, rob! :d
yay!!!!!!!
yay
wooooooooooooo   hoooooooooo !!!!!!!! we did it!! 4.5 down,  .5 to go  , to hit the big 5.0m   - and a full 9 days to get there. way to go!!
$4.5 mil. good job.
we did it!!!! $4.5 million!!!!
100 more dollars!
who pledged a dollar lol
wooooo another dollar
$18!!!!
that dollar had me going
:)
come on19
lol 19
sooo close!!
$19!!!
$20!!!
so close!!!
$20!!!!
i want to know more cast members now :) i don't know if i will be able to warm to a new cast.
$65!!!!
drum roll
@ jenny send a message to tigernightmare
almost there
@stephen how do i join the group?
@ amy he probably checks in after he finishes writing a scene.
@phil he gave me am extra $15 so i could up my pledge and get the dvd :') that's the only support he is willing to show
@amy he seems to watch the big turnovers but i have a feeling he's working the phones a lot trying to get things so the numbers keep pushing upward.
@ jenny we have a skype chat group
@stephen: join skype for what? did i miss something?
@amy he should probably support you on this more, cuz you'll be happy at 4.5 and boyfriends are much happier with happy girlfriends :-p
i wonder if rob watches it as religiously as we do?
this popped up on yahoo, just in case you haven't seen it...it's got a really good video: http://tv.yahoo.com/news/bad-boy-back-jason-dohring-officially-joins-veronica-004830094.html
it's just too exciting :') my boyfriend is annoyed at me but he just does get it haha!
i love how we all just get so psyched every 100k... i've stayed up till 5 a.m. on my nights off just to see a turn of the counter.
@ jenny you should join skype
$792!!
@stephen... i think they will come up with something that gets us there in three days... i just have some weird feeling.
:') 4.5 will just have to do.
@stephen: unfortunately, i'm not able to see the movie until june, because that's the release date here in switzerland. :(  but if that is one of the biggest changes, than i think i can live with it.
@ amy you would be up for 9 more days
haha don't stephen because i will try stay up til 5mil!
correction $500,965 to go.
i remember liking the host when i read it but can't remember what happens at all. wasn't a huge twilight fan but i think that was due to the twilight fans around me. they were crazy & it annoyed me
$965!!
@ jenny the giggly girls behind me said they change from the book in some parts. like wendy's hair is brown in the movie.
i laugh at the fact that a dollar pledge just pushed it over 498999 that was awesome.
i don't do aliens
1,000 to go
@andrea: you really should think about going to see the host, the book is much better than twilight and if they didn't totally screw up the movie, it will also be much better than the twilight saga.
andrea. i liked the host as i stated below.
@ stephen lol. i feel the same way. i was so ready for twilight to be over. i am not going to see the host. no thank you.
@amy.  won't be long now.  only $1,100 to go.
@ craig selena is in it for maybe half and she plays the "good girl." i lost respect for all the actors in this film. franco only stays in my good graces because of oz the great and powerful.
haha i probably should attempt to fall asleep but i don't want to miss 4.5! :)
re:  the spring breakers movie.  it seems like they're using mostly promoting it as a selena gomez film when from what i hear she's only in it for about 15 minutes.  if they're that desperate to appeal to the teenage boy demo it must be really terrible.
this is like waiting for water to boil.
twilight got worse as the series went along. i am one of those people that once i start a series i must finish it. the best part was the fight in the last film.
@gavin most people spend their spring break on family vacations or just staying home.  the whole young people only beach trip is just for dumb sluts.
$200 per backer or bust.
@stephen never watched a movie based on a stephanie meyer's book. i am probably the only 25 year old that hasn't watched one.
we'll get it in the next half hour to 45 minutes... come ooooon backers.
@stephen ... that is sad.
$1,300 to go! 4.5 is going to happen!
@ phil i think the 09ers have a little more respect
@gavin so did i.... doesn't mean i wanted to see those kids attempt lucrative film careers with limited acting skills/potential. too harsh?
@kate ; i'm upset you don't live anywhere near me. you sound perfect. lol.
@stephen it's really just a big 09er party.
i thought that's what you said before.  if i remember correctly, your topic has to do with the origins of political polarization in the mid 1990s am i close?
@kate those girls are volunteering too.... but yours was probably a more reputable cause.
@phil ' glad it's not just me being british then lol. @kate ; awh, i grew up with barney.
i never did the spring break thing. i did volunteer work instead.
@ gavin we didn't do spring break our first year here but ever since then we have fled south with everyone else. winters here are brutal and by the end of march you just need a little warmth and a change of scenery
@ phil also drugs, rape, and general tom foolery.
@gavin no it's just as stupid here... but with more nudity and alcohol and indiscriminate sex.
anything with disney channel and abc family stars in the leads = dead to me. it's like a barney reunion.
rottontomatoes gave spring breakers a 66%. the site lost all credibility after that. the host i thought was good and it got 11% so yeah that site means nothing now. i am not a stephanie myers fan.
@phil ; that whole american spring break thing always amuses me. maybe because i'm british i just don't get it.
@craig just my senior thesis. if i get into a grad program i might expand it, who knows.
@gavin  but it looks....amazing in person...till they talk...
@phil ; yeah i figured that's how it works on this spring break thing. girls in skimpy bikinis prancing around all day, every day..... while on the rob..... lol sounds a bit silly typed out.
@kate, no problem.  i'm a political junkie so when you commented about it before it sparked my interest.  is it a senior thesis or for a grad. program?
@gavin that sounds horrible.
@gavin.. that's exactly how most do it... hot girls have to spend a fortune on spring break as no men buy them anything...
@mandy i am hoping for a week two theater count expansion.
@candice ; "the film follows four college-aged girls who decide to rob a fast food restaurant in order to pay for their spring break." yeeeah, doesn't sound too great.
@candice the crime drama part is really only at the end the rest is just creepy and awkward. there is nudity but that was to be expected.
@ kate we live in the swing state king maker ohio
@tracy wow congratulations!! and don't you live in a swing state? lucky you!!!
@craig my thesis is almost finished. i am putting the finishing touches on it as we speak. i'm excited to finally have it over with. the final due date is tuesday and then i can breathe. sweet of you to remember thanks :d
it says it is a crime drama. seeing james franco's name made me a little interested, but after reading that stephen wanted to walk out, i've changed my mind. is it suppose to be like that old movie, wild things?
if anyone wants a laugh while waiting for the big announcement, watch colbert's second segment from monday on the utah department of natural resources earth day poster contest. ah utah. so behind the times. anyway, it's a good laugh.
i saw spring breakers and kept wanting walk out after 15 mins. i hoped it was going to get exciting but it never did.
@kate, sounds like some things never change in d.c.  i was there for about six months in the late 1980's in a civilian trainee program with the dept. of the navy.  i really liked it, but i was sent there from a base in philly and i was the only one from my area.  also at the time my salary was just over $14k.  not a lot to live on in d.c even 25 years ago.  i remember there was a hiring freeze right after i was hired and as a result we were all over worked.  doing stuff that was supposed to be handled by people two pay senior to us.  we were all in the same boat, but i was glad to get back home.  how is your thesis going?
i honesty don't know anything about spring breakers. i haven't seen any advertisement for it.
@candice-i think it would be able to do at least that much hopefully considering the amount of people donating.
spring breakers seems more like a girls gone wild spin off.
i wouldn't call spring breakers a movie.
tiger i'd kill the little bigger maybe i'm not mormon add material?
i was just on box office mojo. that new movie spring breakers was made for five million. it's made ten million so far at the box office. i hope veronica mars will do the same if not better. where is 4.5?
anyone remember those old effed up old lds psas?  there was this one where this kid was messing around and he wrecked his parents' car.  he walks up to his parents looking guilty and sadly goes, "i'm saw reeee."  and then his mom goes, "i'm so proud of you!"  and they all hug.  i mean, i get that forgiveness is something that needs to happen more often, but what the hell was that?
just watching that number go up & up! :) this movie is going to be so good
@ kate i should be able to vote by the end of the year then watch me roar
there is an lds church behind my parents house. the assistant preacher saw my mum and i doing some hard work in the garden (my mum is 76) and so he came round with another member of the congregation to help with the heavy lifting! such nice people. an eternally grateful to them for their kindness!
@kate and huge explosions!
are we due a new update?
we're getting close! exciting! bring on the car chases!
ooooo nearly 4.5
i've always liked mormon democrats. :)
@tracy i do indeed work for senator reid. i like him too. he gets a bad rep because he represents the party but i've seen him at work and he truly does care about people. some senators here are not like that.
so close to that 4.5
@ kate i'm a convert but my husband was born and bred. we have quite good numbers in the uk and have about 50 percent of our missionaries are home grown my husband and son both served in england . there are actually more lds outside of the us than inside nowadays. my daughter's currently up in washington state on a mission before finishing her journalism degree. is it harry reid you work for? a mormon and a democrat a rare breed and my kind of man. i like him.
@kerryann yesterday's announcement came late. i think he's waiting for people to get home from work and eat dinner and what ever. plus, he's not on eastern time zones, so it's not even after work for him yet.
skype went silence. the lds people i knew were very nice.
ok so i have watched 3 more episodes of vmars and still no surprise?! do you think he is waiting until we hit 4.5mil?
@tracy wow that's way interesting! i never consider how many lds people there are around the world. none of my friends have ever been to missions in england. japan, spain, madagascar..... is there a big presence in the uk? were you raised lds or convert? (sorry don't mean to be nosy)
$3,000 more!!!! so close to 4.5!
@priscilla that's terrible they need to get that sorted fast
yep we have the other problem an american guy told us there was no such thing as english mormons, bless him! i didn't argue he seemed convinced
seriously, no love for asia? there are only nine more days left.
not that you have to be to go to byu.
@tracy oh are you guys lds?
ha ha love the rivalry my daughter's there so i will stay quiet
more like bywho?
@tracy ugh. byu.
@kate my friend maria will be proud lots of byu peeps here but she stands loud and proud
@laurie thanks i like it. would like to come back when i'm a bit more stable, both financially and the "who am i" bit.
@kate very cool
@tracy yup we're the utes. i wasn't athletically gifted enough to play college sports but i was a four year veteran of the marching band. :) go utes! @laurie i'm an intern in senator reid's office.
@kate  i know a number of people working on the hill. are you working directly for a member? or a committee?
sorry @ kate utes
@ kate is your uni called the sites? if so my friends daughter is currently attending there and my friend went there too
@beth g, thanks. that's what i thought. i think this one is him. the fact that he has pictures of his wife and kids on it and the fact that kristen, rob, and ryan all seem to send messages to it, i would think they wouldn't be doing that if it wasn't him. regardless it was nice he responded. anytime now with the surprise, rob...
can everybody smell 4.5 million coming? could happen this hour or next!!!
just started work so i'm a little late to the game, but i'm a governess and live/work on a sheep and cattle station in central western new south wales. so far i have introduced the kids to hot fuzz, shaun of the dead, round the twist and firefly, but they're a little too young for vm, fringe or friday night lights, my top three.
@jose i never have. i might start though. :) @stephanie i was born in austin, tx and moved to park city, utah at age 10. i now live in salt lake where i take advantage of in-state tuition and a bevy of scholarships to attend the university of utah. and i love the senate and dc, don't get me wrong, but it's lonely here and i'm still a small town girl living in a lonely world blah blah blah. oh, and i'm not mormon. that's the first question i always get asked so i thought i would just throw it out there. lots of friends who are, not for me. also, the early marriage thing. very common in utah, but not universal. 22 years young!
@mandy that's the same twitter account that i follow. i think i got the link from rt tweeting him. there is another one on twitter that is not him, but i believe this one https://twitter.com/jason_dohring is really him.
@kate:  meant only to ask if you had any recommendations on how i could reach out to other vm fans re:  my own humble kstart without going against (my ethics - no spam etc.  =-).  ...end result:  a  transparent ploy to tap into all this incredible fandom, true, but for a worthy cause.  no worries....
actually unless he has someone answering him, i'm pretty sure it is him because he has pictures of his wife and daughter and pictures of his son and wife. it's also the twitter account that rob, ryan, and kristen all send messages to.
@jose: wow- that was fast :d for that kind of snow you'll have to head a little more south, austria or swiss... but it's not that far from here, you could do it as a weekend- trip i want sunshine and being at the beach- every day of the year! and than come back home to germany for a white christmas :)
@mandy the jason_dohring twitter account is not actually him.
ok so i'm back two hours later and i don't see the surprise yet. hmm...however when i checked my twitter i did see that jason actually posted a comment to his twitter now. he hasn't posted anything since i joined twitter a couple month ago so that was nice to see. it was really nice that he put how excited and thrilled he was about this too.
very upset that there is no announcement, yet, and now i have to leave and be without internet for an hour while i head to my mom's. maybe i will get a surprise when i get there!
@jose.. how weird is that? most teenagers that i know are really switched on (and the ones i've introduced to vm love it) was so upset when they ended it after season three.. i've been putting my name . on positions and making mars bars and emails ever since.... was so excited about the kick starter campaign... an still support excited about it tbh!!!
i started watching buffy when i lived in france. but think i was back in the uk for vm...it is a shame as i'm sure vm would have had a bigger audience if they'd done more to advertise it in the uk.
@kate ... did you ever watch battlestar galactica? the use of politics is pretty incredible when you're the last humans on earth...
@kate: you have had a very intense internship. where are you from/go to school? at least you have gained a variety of experiences in the senate.
@harriet ... the problem was, we're told, is that it was too high brow for teenagers. they want things faster and not so drawn out. see also, 3rd season... and then they canceled it. damn jerks. the execs, not rob.
@amy... me too i think ...quite by chance on e4 (same for himym and the gilmore girls)
@harriet i was in england for the first season and it was very under advertised, so much so i cannot remember if i saw if first on sky or the bbc. i feel like it was tucked away on bbc2 in the genre spot around 6pm on a tuesday but i could be totally wrong. i remember buffy and farscape being on then
@annika perfect! i like snow... the superficial kind in which it's always pure white, clean, and soft. we don't get any snow days in la... we get hail... which we always find amazing because we always think... wow... it's raining really hard... or... is that rain or hail... it's hard to tell.... great... i will have an even bigger head in germany... i've arrived! lol
@harriet i have no idea how i got onto the show...was it on e4 at one point because that might have been what did it for me? i know that's how i got into gilmore girls
i am far too excited about this!
@stephanie i have been here since january, so my first few weeks were spent covering benghazi hearings and hagel filibuster. it's been pretty intense. :) i like it but i think i'm ready to go home. at least for right now.
just pledged, i love this show so much!!! so excited for the film to come out!! check out http://ilovemovies23.blogspot.com/2013/03/veronica-mars-movie.html
i don't really understand why vm was not more successful.. the writing is great, the cast and crew are brilliant... but, when i think about it, it was not really advertised much in the uk.. i caught onto it by accident. you are never too old for vm!
thank you! yup it says i've selected the $50 pledge & i added $10 for shipping too :) thank you everyone!
you are never too old for vm
@amy if it says "you selected" above the 50 dollar plege, you are good.
good point phil!
@amy yes but make sure you changed your pledge and chose the new prize.
@amy. you are correct
well, under 20,000 backers till the record is broken... looking promising.
@gabrielle i love flashpoint such a brilliant show, and whats too old, we are the young ones forever!
help me fellow marshmallows for i know nothing! :) i changed my pledge to the $50 tier. i get a digital copy and a physical copy right?
@emily, for me it was the other way round: i thought i was too old to watch vm, but heard it was a good show. only last year, after watichng "flashpoint" i bought season 1 and 2 on dvd (guess why). @harriet: that's right, thats why i only now bought and saw season 3
welcome to marshmallow land @emily!
@emily... but you can now be sure that the final episode of season three will not be the end of the story!!! :-)
i've been following this project since it started, and i finally just broke down and donated.  i was a bit too young to watch veronica mars when it first aired (though i remember seeing bits of episodes while my mom watched), but i'm loving it now.  i watched the first two seasons in the span of 2 weeks, and now only have 13 episodes to go.  it'll be sad to finish such a great show, but getting to see this movie will be wonderful.
winchester is lovely! if i won the lottery, that is where i'd live. my parents are still there though.. and my 107 year old granny lives with them, so we go down there at  least one a month
@jose: lol- yeah... no- i wouldn't use the second part either :d so we would have to work on the passing as a german guy part... on the other hand, frankfurt is kind of international so you would fit in either way... if you like snow- now would be good :d and by the way- if you tell germans you're from california, most of them will find that pretty awesome ;)
@harriet i imagine winchester to be a lot prettier than romford though, we were up in shakespeare country last year and i said to my husband that if we had come from there we would have never moved!
@gabriele that was a while back but what a treat to see such wonderful actors
@tracy.  london prices... and winchester... prices are crazy...  i can see why you moved across the pond!
@anniko  jawohl and heil hitler is the extent of my german. though i should probably not use the second phrase. so there  you go... i can't even use those two words. so i could only use 1/3 of my knowledge of my german. when is the best time to go??
@harriet standard of living and more importantly the horrid commute was the main reason we fled here when we got the chance. our house here is three times the size we had in london and we paid the same price. i miss home but life is good here
@erik ... i'm trying to cut down on blu-ray's and just have digital downloads. or blu-rays with a digital copy. i dislike flixster. i'm sure they are probably cheaper distributor (i have a feeling wb is behind this), but i won't be using it.
@eric- i totally agree!  i hate flixter.  it's crap.  you own the movie, have it fully downloaded on your device but can't watch it without internet access.  so lame.   i hope itunes or amazon will be available.
@jose: cool- i'm in! when? :d  how is your german? :)
@robert: i just returned from 3 weeks in thailand and of course got a cold as soon as i came back... now i'm tanned and no one can see it- i want spring! :)
that's right harriet :)
ah plymouth.. where the gin factory is! my ex mother in law lived near the ho...
even though i'll be getting a disc.  i hope flixster won't be the the only choice for digital downloads.  their service sucks and is one of the most inflexible platforms.  hopefully amazon and itunes will be an option as well.  but either way, this is going to be such an awesome movie.
@kate: are you enjoying it? were you around during the filibuster? that was such a great moment for me, both as a political junkie and a teacher of the subject.
@harriet in down in sunny (sometimes) plymouth
@annika.... sold! my friend is from germany. he's asian and he was born there so i could totally pass for a german guy. @tracy thank you! lol... and see... i already think you're cool!
i love london. but was there long ago. great theatre. believe it, i sag olivier, gielgud und patrick stewart (long before he was capt. picard) on stage. huh, i'm old.
london is massive... most of us brits have only ever seen small bits of it...
@ tracy - oh and my knowledge of london is still limited, i was only there for a summer and feel like i was just getting to know london when i had to leave.  i cannot wait to get back.
@ tracy - yup, never was over there, at least not that i remember, my stop was finchley station off the tube and then a trek back to the dorms :)
i'm from winchester... but live in wolverhampton... every time i go down south i realise that i am a southern girl (rather than a midlander).. but job and cost of living keep me here! (plus the people are lovely in the west midlands)
@stephanie u.s. senate. i'm finishing up my political science degree with an internship at the u.s. capitol
@tracy im more south-west from bournemouth.
@ robert not only near hamburg!!!!!!
hi all... what will i do when i don't have this message board every night??? i've converted several people to vm...2 of my nieces, my sister, my colleagues wife and daughter, a friend's husband... and am taking my third niece through it now.... it is my favourite show ever!!!
@gavin we almost moved to bournemouth before they whisked us off to the states, i loved it there and would have been very happy but it wasnt to be, is that down south enough?
@annika i'm in snowy germany (near hamburg), i've had enough of it. it really needs to go
@annika: i got my room-mate and another college friend to watch (we watched together in college). i got my sister and two of her friends to watch. so, i think in total i have converted 7 people to vmars fanatics. when i first gave it to my sister she came to me after the first several episodes and asked why i liked logan. i told her to keep watching. she came back later and said that she got it. i think all my converts love logan and veronica, but he isn't necessarily their favorite, like he is mine!
@stephanie: well in case- keep up the good work :d i only managed to make my sister and i think one friend watch vm :( @kate: well in that case, i wouldn't either! @tracy: if i know one thing about london- it's huge :) been there 5 times in the last 2 years and i haven't managed to see half of what i want to see... partly because i tend to end up in the same areas i already know because i like them so much :)
only been to london once. i live down south.
@kerry we have family in enfield, i love romford but its not what touriist go to london for funnily enough!!! alot of our friends here go to london and expect to see where we lived, bless
@kate: state or u.s. senate? i was a politics major in college and teach ap government. i'm planning on returning to get a 2nd master's in politics next year. i tend to like the analysis/research/writing of politics...
ive been to romford @tracy. im from enfield in north london.
@annika senate's in recess.... and i'm an intern, i don't actually get paid. so i don't feel too bad about it. :)
just checked kicktraq. we are doing a lot better today than i thought we were :)
ok lets test your london knowledge! a little town called romford in the london borough of havering!!!
okay, i really want to know what the surprise is before i have to leave to go down to my mom's house! argh...not that i won't have internet access there, but i will be without it during the hour long drive to her house :(
@annika: i mention vm all the time. i have one student who i taught at my last school, who i just found out is a fan. one student i had last year that watched over the summer and freaked out with me the day this was announced. another who went and bought all three seasons after she got her last paycheck, but her mom started watching before she had a chance :) i literally was fangirling the past two weeks, so they all know how obsessed i am. hopefully a few more will start watching over the next year!
@ tracy - where in london, when i studied there  for a summer i was at king's college (where we were the only tourists)
@tracy: i loooove london- i actually want to move there (if i find a job there)!
@jose, im sure you are very cool, i come from london but a part that no tourist has ever set foot in which is funny to me but also a little sad to have to admit!!!
@stephanie: cool teacher- definitely! you should make you students watch vm so they'll get your jokes (and vm a couple more fans ;) ) @jose: i could offer snowy icy germany- in case you wanna trade :) @kate: why don't i have a job where i can watch vm?  though i can't be complaining right know- i just came back from a 4 week vacation just to be sick for another week :)
@l if 5 million after fees and rewards is the exact number they need for san diego filming, then we need to raise $6.5 million.
@kerryann im rooting for you love, hope you dont have to stay up too late, i held my children at ransom last night and said they couldnt have their tea until we hit a goal, maybe i should try it again to get the surprise? they were fed by 5.30pm so they didnt exactly suffer and they are in their teens so no kiddy neglect going on, honest!
i'm watching the episode at work (it's a slow day, no judging) where logan babysits that kid. and the nick lachey song is playing..... so cheesy but so cute. actual tears.
i'm in los angeles. i'm always disappointed in my parents for not choosing an intriguing, unknown geographic region so i could be as cool as i know i appear to be to strangers, and then i disclose my location in chat rooms and i'm another sunny cal beach guy.   and have the profile pic to prove it.
wow, really rolling again today, looks like it goes past $4.5mil already today. i think the huge slowdown for a few days there was just because people were busy with various holidays. i wonder what the actual cut off is for it to be shot in socal? i think he said something about if it finishes up closer to $5mil than $4mil. so would $4,500,001 count? ;) or did he mean like $4.8-4.9?
@stephanie you sound like a great teacher!!
@jlw: we lived in wake forest. my dad went to seminary @southeastern. my aunt lives in cary.
so its 8pm here in england, if we are expecting surprise in robs time go and watch some vmars then come back in a few hours instead of frantically refreshing now :p damn stupid time differences!!!
@tiger: never! i tend to like my students for the most part--but sometimes they ask questions i've already answered--or are just too talkative! i have one class of 30 juniors (16-17 years old). they are very talkative. i tend to just stand there waiting for quiet. eventually they will start asking what i am waiting for. i will tell them that i am waiting for them to get quiet. usually someone will ask if i'm angry. my response: "this face, this face right here. it's my over-the-moon face." obviously, in a sarcastic tone. that tends to shut them up. one day last week, they asked if i was having a good day. i told them that i'd rather be spelunking!
*pm is so late for the europeans hope its earlier?
@stephanie where did you live nc? i live in durham. i have only been a couple places in virginia: richmond and williamsburg. @tracy love farscape ( is one of all time favorite) and psych. right now watching once upon a time. so i was looking at when they sent out update 11 it was around 8pm. so that could be when get the next update or surprise
my estimate today is at least $67,000.  we will reach $4.5 million in about 4 hours.
@stephanie you would be a fun teacher i went to a convent school and we have a mixed bunch young hip types and really old nuns we were a little mean too. i can admit that now so many years down the line. i quite enjoyed school though so it must have been pretty good, and where i come from sarcasm is the norm!!
@stephanie whatever you do, don't use the "you should go see the wizard" line.
grey's anatomy is really good. been watching it weekly since season one. pretty fast talking and witty too.
@candice: i forgot about jericho! i adored that show. i always say that revolution reminds me of a cross between lost and jericho! love it :)
i watched jericho for the first time a few weeks ago on netflix. loved it. @tracy i love psych and haven.
@tracy--i'm known by the students for being one of the really sarcastic teachers--some say mean, but most say sarcastic. because i'm young--or young looking-- (i'm mistaken for a student, sometimes) i think it helps me get away with it and the students who think i'm being mean shrug it off. that, or they don't get it anyway! i'm constantly using lines from television shows--some of veronica's get used very often.
@stephanie my daughter said that exact same thing to her teacher who said her english accent was too fast for the class and the teacher was a little unimpressed, funny that!!! she is a little too cheeky, bless her
i second sherlock.  foyles war on netflix is good too although somewhat formulaic.
@kerryann: yes, i've watched sherlock- it's funny and i like it, but somehow i don't connect with it as much as for example with vm or hart of dixie...
@kerryann: i haven't, but i have heard a lot about it--i might add it to my list for this summer. i watch probably 6 or 7 hours of television a day. i like to analyze and over-analyze everything i watch, so i tell my students that it is my 2nd full time job. right now i am reading "investigating veronica mars" and i already have read and re-read "neptune noir." absolutely love reading analytical opinions on television series :)
farscape, doctor who, father ted, buffy, roswell, lost world, firefly, press gang, flash point, haven, walking dead, psych, arrested development and space above and beyond are a few of my faves along with the amazing veronica mars
does anyone know if there is a list of the projects with the most backers?  i know they mentioned double fine at 87k, project eternity had 73k, and the pebble watch had almost 69k.  unsure if there were other projects with more backers.  curious where this project will wind up backer wise.  87k seems like a bit of a stretch unless folks really start getting friends and family to pledge.
@stephanie: lol- no time to slow down is a good one! have to remember that one :) unfortunately most of the smart and complex shows don't get good enough ratings :(
i love once upon a time aswell @annika and stephanie have you guys tried bbc sherlock? that's fast talking and witty.
@annika: i'm a teacher, and my students are constantly telling me to slow down, that i talk to fast. i inform them that they just need to listen faster--i don't have time to slow down :) i, too, tend to like shows with fast talking, smart dialogue and complex personal relationships between the characters.
@matt mueller i don't know, so you think that in real life piz is the good match for veronica and hannah is the best option for logan (understanding girlfriend)? but it"s just plane and boring, not epic. is it really better to be with someone you like, but who can't affect you deeply or with someone you love, but with the possibility of dealing with unbearable pain?
@kate i also love once upon a time... @yes stephanie he is more mature now...
all time faves: veronica mars, lost, friday night lights, 24, buffy, gilmore girls, fringe, once, revolution. i've seen the first season of homeland and loved it--waiting on netflix for season 2. i also love home improvement and boy meets world--but they are just so different from everything else. i'm not a huge comedy fan. i prefer hour long dramas with humor interspersed.
@gavin: germany :) and i guess i like shows with people talking fast- like i di :d like i just to say: i don't talk to fast- you think to slowly! @mandy: i could have lived with logan and rory, what i was really happy about was that lorelai and luke ended up together! and i liked the last scene- overall for me a good series- finale! @tracy: cool husband- i need one like that one day :d yeah, jane was cancelled :(
i love don't trust the b. i have tried to watch firefly three times. never make it passed the pilot. just not my cup of tea.
oh and once upon a time and lost. totally blanked on those sorry.
czuchry is better now (acting and looks) than during gg... :)
veronica mars, boy meets world, what i like about you, game of thrones, star wars: the clone wars (surprisingly innovative and creative storylines), firefly, and law and order: svu are my all-time favorites.
@stephanie... i am also a huge logan/rory fan... love czuchry....
@mandy--i'm a logan/rory fan, too! love matt czuchry, and i watch the good wife because he was in it. now i'm invested and love it :) @jlw--i'm in virginia. i lived in nc for about 3 years when i was younger.
i miss the b.
@annika-we'll just agree to disagree cause i really couldn't stand jess. i know he has a huge fan base but i was never big on him. she may have been too young but it still made for a good story, 36 chapters and 420 reviews and over 200 people putting it as a favorite. it was my best story so far i've written chapter wise.
our shows have dwindled:  we love burn notice, castle, community, doctor who, elementary, game of thrones, and the soup. all time favorites: veronica mars (duh lol), firefly, buffy, and i love lucy.  i'm in the minority, i loved traffic light and don't trust the b
@kerryann ; yay another brit. @annika ; i loved it :) i think the fast talking quips put off alot of people.
@ annika my husband loved watching gg but he did go off it a little at the end and i didnt know jane was cancelled i watched that with my daughter and we thought it was fun
back home for a bit, before heading to my mom's. still no backer's surprise? i'm not very patient!
@annika like jane of design, but agree unrealistic
@gavin: don't be ashamed, gg is such a smart show- i just never met a guy before who liked it :) @mandy: hod is yet again a series so good, i don't understand why there aren't more people watching it! i so hope for a third season! but there's one thing i have to disagree with you: for me rory should end up with jess! either way, it was good she said no, way to young to get married... @kerryann: yeah! supernatural is one of the few shows that actually gets better with time!  there are so many shows i stopped watching at some point, for example fringe... but supernatural is at its best in season 5-7- so everybody who's not watching it yet- you should- so funny! did anyone watch jane in design? super unrealistic but i kind of liked it... unfortunately it got cancelled after the first season...
nebraska
@gavin england aswell :)
north carolina
where is everyone in the world? i'm in england :)
i was beginning to wonder that too. i wouldn't think it would be too much longer
when is this backers surprise due?!
and his cow
@kate:  could you send me a direct contact message?  i need to ask you something.
walter
@matt what the hell is formulaic about fringe?
@amber/kerryann: fringe is pretty good. very formulaic, but worth watching. i still haven't seen season 5 though which isn't out yet. i have all the seasons on dvd. @valeria... i agree for the most part. i think what makes veronica such a good character is that she is flawed. like matlock she'll always solve the crime... but at what personal costs? will she make good decisions with her relationships... with herself? those are the types of surprises that the show has in store and that's what makes her character grounded in reality in spite of how unreal her crime solving abilities are. and also... we want her to be with logan, but in reality i don't think they're a good match-up. epic or not. maybe after 10 years of maturing they can be more compatible?
loved gilmore girls, star trek next generation and voyager, firefly. i haven't seen chuck, fringe or supernatural. since i' don't have tv will watch some of these. shows on netflix
@jose ; i took that as a joke lol. @kerryann / amber ; yeah fringe is amazing. one of my other favourites.
@gavin i sure did :)
@amber you should defo watch fringe! there are 5 seasons and its really good!
@kerryann ; you named your son after wolverine? you are one cool mother.
having said that, do you think rico (keith mars) will come back in the sequel or series if they continue? in the video where it shows their reaction to the $2m, he says something like "so we could move on"... or maybe he says "we could finally move forward." do you think  he meant to continue veronica mars... or perhaps continue with veronica mars, but without him. sorry... i got a horrible joss feeling. lol
my son is called logan, he was named after wolverine but there is so many logans in tv shows.
@jose ; yeah i think he knew there would be nothing coming after so he pulled the trigger on that death. i'm fine with it but if there was to be anymore after i would of liked him to stay living.
@tiger, if you have an interest in the evolution of star trek fandom, check out trek nation on netflix.  it's a documentary by gene roddenberry's son and there are some interesting parallels to vm fandom.  i think jon from this board recommended it to me.  it is worth a look.
@gavin: i have never even heard of fringe! is it good? really good? how many seasons are there (assuming it's a tv show)?
@annika-i love gilmore girls and hart of dixie too. hod did get lucky to have the 2nd season. hopefully there's a 3rd season.  i have 6 fan fiction stories going: 1 hart of dixie, 2 gilmore girl(the main one had logan and rory getting married because i was so upset when she told him no) and of course 3 veronica mars stories.
@annika i watch supernatural and gilmore girls! watched both from the beginning! such good shows.
@gavin and @kerryann ... joss always seems to get a lot a flack on that. but i never see it as joss killing a character for the fun of it. it creates the allusion that things are always unstable. there's always something unbelievable when in space or were there is monsters, no one seems to die.  anyway since there is not a follow up to serenity... i'm ok with that.
@gavin i know! its awful. i cry every time.. it just wasn't needed! if anyone in here hasn't watched firefly then they should!
@annika michler ; gilmore girls was not just a girl thing i'm kinda, maybe, possibly, ashamed to say lol.
@kerryann they had more scenes and dialogue but joss cut a lot of it so they wouldn't slow down the film.  i think it was the right choice.  but i've no doubt having more time to play out on tv would've been better.
@jose: of course i watched buffy- and the first couple episodes of the angel spin-off... i started watching firefly once, just a couple of minutes, maybe i'll give that another try... never watched chuck, so i'm gonna check that out... do any of you watch supernatural?  that's my second obsession :)  and of course i loved gilmore girls- but that's really a girl thing i guess... of the new shows i really like hart of dixie- but of course they almost didn't get a second season...
@kerryan i yell at the screen everytime i re-watch serenity and see the death of that "great guy". dunno if i should say by name, maybe some of you haven't seen it yet but want to.
star trek was much more uneven.  at one point, a midget was riding shatner like a horse.  philip j. fry said it best, "79 episodes, about 30 good ones."  there was also a massive fan campaign, something really unheard of in the 1960s.  people wrote millions of letters to nbc to try to save it.
@amber i totally agree about serenity! if they didn't do certain things in that film like say kill off a great guy they could have brought it back for a another season. and leaving things open for mal and inara was evil of them!
@amber rose did you ever watch fringe?
@gavin thank you... that's the next show i'll start. no. i keep hearing people talk about it a lot but didn't get a chance to jump on that. just like supernatural. i kept hearing about it and jumped in and swooped all the episodes. i will watch fringe next. sorry i can't join the chat thing. technically, i should be working. i would feel more guilty in a chat room. lol
@valeria i agree
@jose, thank you, sir! :) you have excellent taste in television! i wish they'd make more shows like the ones we mentioned. or just start the vmars and firefly series back up again..   :)
i actually don't understand veronica sometimes. she doesn't want anyone to help her and she always makes the most important decisions alone. but in the same time she doesn't like to be alone, she needs a boyfriend, who agrees with everything. besides trust issues it was the second problem (and the cool part) with veronica and logan relationships, he confronts her, challenges her, she can't be safe and sound with him, like she was with duncan or piz.
@tigernightmare .... oh... i see what you meant... but i meant after only 12 episodes?? star trek had more weight than that.
i've only seen episodes of tos here and there, but i'm a much bigger fan of tng.  but yeah, star trek got cancelled and then they made a bunch of movies.
@jose if you liked battlestar tell me you watched fringe
body politic was so good.  i was hoping that would have been picked up, have you guys seen it.  here's the first part. saw him on rules of engagement recently too.  seriously, jason has not been in enough projects, and he's so talented. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@tigernightmare ... that's the one with the ewoks, right? lol... jk... i started to watch star trek after the movie because i really liked it... and it was kind of interesting... but just stopped. i can't wait for the sequel though... i was more interested in battlestar gallactica.  i watch all 4 seasons in less than a month.
@annika if you love jason dohring.... moonlight was his project after vm. joel silver produced.
@jose have you not heard of star trek?
@annika ... well i hope they resolve it... and i think it will. in a movie format, things are much more quicker. unless... lol... we get a sequel... and then, well... we can't have veronica happy! lol as for more shows? it depends. if you want a good time, definitely chuck. the creators of that show saw how fans are reacting to veronica mars that they want to make a movie of it. and chuck and sarah... sigh... lol. talk about a women that doesn't show her emotions. she's a spy and is not allowed to show her emotions or people might actually get hurt. lol... i really liked that show. anyway... lol... and there's buffy and firefly. firefly only has 12 episodes and a movie (the first movie project that was resurrected from a canceled tv show). but if you're not into magic and science fiction, definitely chuck.
@annika if you're a huge fan of kb maybe watch house of lies? it's pretty good. (veronica mars chat room: http://zippychat.com/room/xhwdv)
@jose: for me veronica and logan just make an amazing couple- they fit in some ways yet are different in so many others, they just have an amazing chemistry... i don't really use the term true love, so i don't know about that, but they are for sure my favorite tv-couple...  i hope it in the movie veronica will have solved a couple of her trust issues because i think if she could put those aside and logan grew up a bit as well, they'll be perfect together :) speaking of other series- i'm almost through with season 3 and still have a couple of sick days to kill- any suggestions?
@lyz she needed her father. she wouldn't be herself without her dad. and veronica does define every bit of independence. she relied on herself to survive. that's a big part of independence.
@candice, i don't think it'll even take that long. i'd think within the next hour we may hit 67k for backers. only 120 to go!
@amber rose .... i like you... was a complete buffy, veronica mars, and firefly fan. and i have to add chuck in there too. though that show was just a good time.
chat room here guys http://zippychat.com/room/xhwdv
@kerryann in case no one has mentioned it, the teaser can be found online nowadays on youtube. be warned it does not clear anything up, just shows us what we could have had :(
we will probably get 67,000 backers in a couple of hours.
(as a side note, i didn't mean to put so many spoilers out there.. some of you probably haven't watched firefly.. and if you haven't, you should.. i apologize)
did all you guys asking for download only option see the revised faqs on the main page? >will fans outside of the 21 listed countries be offered a download only tier? no. again, the thorny issues we're working out revolve around how we accept money (it's not as simple as you think it is) and lining up digital download partners around the world. what we're hoping to do is solve these issues soon and open up the drive country by country. it's like a big game of risk. we are bent on world domination. please bear with us.
@kerryann yes, firefly! i was a huge fan of that tv show as well.  it's cancellation was yet another disappointment, and the movie, while awesome all-throughout, ended poorly (in my opinion).  mal and the girl didn't necessarily/ definitely end up together, the other war veteran, space-lady's husband died (totally unnecessary, he was so nice..) firefly, veronica mars and buffy are pretty much my three most favorite tv shows ever, and i've watched all of them (for the first time) in the last year.  i feel so spoiled now.  nothing on tv interests me (we don't have cable anyways.. and i guess that's why: nothing even comes close to comparing with those well-written shows).
i just created this chat room for anyone from here to chat. thought it might be a cool way to interact a bit quicker than leaving comments. just join here: http://www.chatzy.com/56669247793149
@jose, veronica didn't want to need logan, she didn't want to need anyone either. that's not independance, that's mental scars
@tabetha i totally understand.  i had the same disbelief/ difficulty comprehending what was going on.  i made chris put the second disc back in to make sure that we hadn't skipped the "last" episode.. we hadn't.  i was totally flabberghasted.  i would have been happier with an irritating/ foreboding cliffhanger than no closure at all! yeah, i understand what you mean about the fbi teaser.  part of me was just hoping that, were the series to have kept going, keith, logan, wallace etc would have been brought back in somehow.  i thought of it moreso as 'setting the stage' for her career.  sad. but we have a movie to look forward to! so i won't dwell on sad things.. lol
@amber right ok! then ill be avoiding that! i still don't understand how they can cancel it either! its firefly all over again! i can only hope they don't ruin vmars like they did firefly with this film.
@annika ... i agree it was love... no doubt about it... but it didn't sell true love maybe that's what i should have said. also, veronica has trust issues (again with reasons) so i always understood  why it's hard to trust someone like she does... and then she feels betrayed by something like that. but i think it would be a natural reaction from someone who doesn't express her emotions. lol... i think because veronica resonates more with me than anything else. as a guy, it sounds weird, but not really. also, i'm fond of true love. lol... i still think buffy and angel are the best examples of that.
@amber, i did the same thing!  i put the next disc in for it only to be the bonus features, so i looked at the back, read the episode order and found that it was the last episode... it didn't sum anything up.  it left everything open... keith, logan, veronica... everything... i felt so down-hearted.  i was definitely invested in everyone... it didn't seem like an end at all.  i didn't like the fbi teaser because it seemed like a completely different show with nothing summed up from the last episode and none of the other characters...
@annika-that's a very good point. she tries to make sure that she doesn't need or isn't dependent on anyone. with people leaving and what happened with lilly she goes on to show everyone she doesn't need anyone.
@kerryann: i think the fbi teaser (ten-minute "episode" preview) was on the bonus features disc.. and yes, it will devastate you.  vmars was about to get so amazing (and it already was, of course).  the direction rob wanted to take the show in.. dude, it still makes me want to cry.  i just can't understand how a show like vmars gets cancelled and all of this other garbage keeps running on television.
my only problem with season 3 was the butchered theme music. how cool would it be if they got the dandy warhols to re-record the music for the movie. more in line with the first couple seasons style.
the fbi teaser was sooo good. it was so enticing that even without the other big players on the show... it still had wit and intrigue all packed in 10 minutes. it looked so exciting to watch. what was going through the minds of the execs?? oh wait... reality shows.... bravo... did my sarcasm go through? was it enough?? tee hee
@jose: i guess veronica doesn't allow herself to need or depend on other people that easily- and she doesn't really show her feelings that much... but after they break up in season 3 and her reaction to the whole madison- thing shows, that she really lives him to me :) okay- i'll confess, i'm way to obsessed withe whole love thing- it's just a tv- couple, but they just so belong together!
@jesca me, too.  when the "finale" had ended, i simply told chris to put the next disc in.  he said "i'm pretty sure that was the last one.." and i was like of course it wasn't, silly! put in the 3rd disc! ...the third disc was bonus features/ commentaries, stuff like that.  i was confused and horrified.
@jose, i won't say that you're the only one but you might be in a minority. however i was thinking the same thing you were. logan really needed veronica more than she needed him i think
what fbi teaser?! how have i missed this?! and do i even want to see it? it sounds like it made everyone who watched it sad.
@melissa me too!  that ten-minute fbi teaser was nothing short of torture.  i felt devastated.
if one partner needs the other more... i don't really see the equality. just me. whoa... deep thoughts... lol
@ karina, now that would be amazing, ha ha i adore the other rob thomas, his voice is just wonderful
i'm probably alone in this but i never really got invested in veronica and logan love story. i like their dynamic as sparing partners, but even though it stretches as far back as season 1, it just never sold it for me. maybe because he was always so brooding and down on himself (of course with a lot of reasons) but... yes... now i know why... lol. it always felt that logan needed veronica much more than veronica needed logan. logan looked like without veronica, he wouldn't live. veronica could still live without logan. so when it comes to love, for me, there's a balance and equality to it. i think that's why it never sold to me. but still enjoyed them together.
@ jesca, i'm pretty sure the lack of "finale feel" is because the episode order for the season was trimmed down a few episodes...it left rob and the rest of the writers with less time to formulate a satisfying conclusion...and the result is "the bitch is back"...
oh has anyone come up with the theory that the special backers surprise will be that the other rob thomas has agreed to sign the posters as well...that'll be fun!
@karina: i sure hope so! love is pretty epic, they deserve to have a nice ending! or at least some satisfying ending where the fans can imagine the rest how they want, haha.
my issue with the third season is that the final episode doesn't end in any special way. no cliffhanger and no happy ending with everything wrapped up. its doesn't feel like a finale. i keep expecting a new episode after that.
@kate don't worry we should be getting closure unless rob decides to give us that grim ending...
@kate: exactly! @kerryann: yeah, me too this morning- but now i'm watching it! @karina: me too :( let's just all hope after rob gave them some time to grow up they'll finally manage to stay together till the end of the movie :)
ohhh mars investigation stuff!  bring it!
i really want to see this hit at least 5 million by the end!   come on fans!!!  we can do it!!!
@melissa, i would love any of those options/rewards.  i just hope they come soon! :)
when i see the last episode and the smile veronica gives logan that they'll be together again.
i literally cried when i reached the end of the series for the first time.  i was all excited for the mini-pilot of the fbi arc...and then you get like 10 minutes into it, and it just ends. heartbreaking all around. i sat there in shock for a good five minutes, and then i screamed at the tv, and threw a pillow. and after that, i cried. :(  but huzzah! never fear, veronica mars has returned, in all her butt-kicking, back-talking glory, for a movie!!
@tracy and annika i cant watch the 3rd season without getting upset/angry at them either! im watching the season 3 now and they break up next episode so im avoiding watching it!
ugh watching season 3 always means opening that void that is true love gone to waste.
@annika i know right but i doubt it :(
@annika yes i was so frustrated and mad at the tv and when they cancelled it i was bereft. i hate messy endings, now at last we can have our closure and get to see our favourites back on the big screen, bliss!
i don't mind season 3 up until after the 13th episode cause i like logan and heather together with their video game playing in episode 13. after that though i really couldn't stand the 3rd season much.
@ karina: lol! that would be cool! @ tracy: the last episode gives me hope again, but the rest of the second half makes me wanna scream at them to get their s***t together :)
oh what i would give to have a mars investigation pen! it would most definitely be my favorite pen...and an awesome inside-joke, amongst the fans! :)
@mandy lol mars investigation pens and calenders!
@annika me too i get so bummed by the end of s3
ahhh i hope it's the t-shirt design!
i am thinking t-shirt design.
@melissa: of course i have them all- though i tend to not finish season 3 cause i hate how things go with veronica and logan :)  hope your dvds will arrive soon! and then just watch them over and over for the next year ;)
@mandy, i'm hoping for an update on the t-shirt design, or some more casting news! we'll see!!
@annika: you're half-way through season 3, and i don't even have season 3!! :( it's being shipped to me, via amazon. i'm hoping it shows up soon...even though if it does, you know i'll just watch it all the way through without stopping, and then be suffering from vm withdrawal... :)
i think a better question would be what does everyone want the surprise to be? casting news? a picture of what the t-shirt will look like? what is everyone hoping it'll be?
someone guessed t-shirt design yesterday.
@tigernightmare: thank you!! @melissa: i just watched logan break up with veronica- half way through season 3 :)
@tabetha, i thought jason's official signing on was the surprise as well, but apparently not! maybe it's part of the surprise? could be more casting news! :)
@melissa ah i'm a little behind....
@tabetha no he said tomorrow on the 3rd so it'll be today
@karina...people have been predicting today's surprise all over! :) i'm thinking either:  a more complete list of the confirmed cast the unveiling of the t-shirt design something wb-related, as far as financing/distribution goes
i thought the backer surprise was that jason officially signed on?
i'm shocked how fast this comment section is going lol. trying to chat to people and keep up is crazy!
any guesses on what todays backers surprise will be? .......another cast signing....wb will match whatever we raise in the next 9 days...
we can do it!
@melissa i definitely think we will reach 4.5
i'm thinking we can break $4.5 million no problem today. maybe even in a few hours. who's with me? :)
@mansah oh lovely! that's what i was hoping to hear! i was just sitting here trying to work out how i am going to raise an extra £50 to get the dvd :p  i really hope that after the film that maybe netflix or wb will commission another season. i know its unlikely but a girl can dream right!?
get well soon, annika.
@kerryan; i guess dvd will be accessible on amazon or so, wb makes money with distribution. you may have to wait a while though...
@annika: definitely!! i know i'll finally have some time today to finish out vm season 1, and then push on to season 2! :)
i'm sick and need to stay in bed all week and it sucks but there's one really good thing about it.... more than enough time for a veronica mars marathon!
@tanya -or a mix? @kerryann, i think the film will definitely be released on dvd and probably also some form of digital copy once the film has premiered. it's just a matter of when. which i think all depends on how well it goes and everything. but definitely don't despair if you can't buy a dvd or digital copy at the moment. there will be plenty of opportunity at some point in 2014 :)
so excited for today! (well, really, i'm excited for every day, to come on here and check our progress...) on top of the special announcement today, i will also finally have some time to finish re-watching vm season 1! only 2 more eps to finish out the season, then i can move to season 2. might have to stretch that one out a bit, since i just ordered vm season 3 from amazon...it won't be delivered for a few days, but of course, i want it now! :)
hopefully the surprise comes soon. it's 5 to 11 here. everyone else(at least people putting the time down) must be in eastern time. i'm in central in the lovely state of nebraska. i think rob's in texas so he should be in central time too. regardless hopefully it comes soon. can't wait to see/read what it is. it's going to be nice to see it hit 4.5 million today
@lyz oh ok, that's sucky, maybe ill be able to raise enough money to upgrade to that tier before the time runs out. what about after the film has been released? any chance of buying a dvd or even a digital copy after this is all over?
@kerryann, cinemas outside of usa, no. backers from a lot of countries can get some of the rewards, dvd included, check the updates to see the countries
i do wish that vm was on netflix streaming. i know i watched it through netflix, and i thought it was streaming then, but maybe it was way back in the day when we got the discs by mail.
@ gavin & mansah - i re-watched the entire series.  and i too wanted to start again.  addicting.  or a sign that there is not much good tv on right now...   @ amber - keep on smiling, sure the doc appt won't be that bad @ lyz - i am on pins and needles waiting for the announcement and for when we get that additional 25,200!
hey everyone. i have probably missed it when it was said but does anyone know if its going to be in cinemas in england? like london? and if its going be released on dvd world wide? i know i'm probably asking a silly question but please answer. :) i cant wait for this film. i'm watching the series again and am half way thru season 3! love xxx
see, kate, amber rose feels it too, contagious smiles everywhere! can't believe just a while ago i was so angsty!
@gavin,. i just finished rewatching the series (and am ashamed to admit i was kind of ready to start from ep 1 as soon as i finished). but am trying to content myself with the soundtrack.
hey gang! today isn't the best day ever for me either (i have a doctor appointment this afternoon that i've been dreading for over a week now..) but seeing as how we're definitely going to hit 4.5 million today, i can't help but smile :) wondering what this "surprise" is..
it's 1135 here. i am hoping sometime early this afternoon.
well maybe the surprise'll come in your afternoon, it was the case yesterday, right?
@lyz good point, and i am going to get skype, these last couple days have just been crazy busy
@melissa ramirez yeah it's totoro! i love ghibli stuff. anyone rewatching vm? i'm on season 2 today.
its 11.24am here
*us
@stephanie, what time is it in your part of us?
@stephanie, its only 8.30 in california so it may be a while yet but soon hopefully?
when do you think we will get our surprise?
hope so, michael, but being here already makes it better, what a splendid adventure, right,
ha ha i wish, if he reads this then he is so much cuter!!!!
can't wait for today's backer surprise! that'll definitely make your day just a bit better, @lyz! :)
@ tracy, wise man... sarcastic and sweetheart? doesn't make you think of someone, hmm?
@kate @lyz my husband became a dollar backer today, he loves vm but i also think he knows its the only way to get to chat to me for the next nine days and he can see how much fun im having and wants to join in too, his names mark and he is a sweetheart but very sarcastic, give him a hard time he loves it
hump day?
@tracy, kate, thanks, i just ranted all my stress on skype, i'm better after venting... kate , you should concentrate being happy about j.d. being in the movie: went i just got there, your squealing made me smile, it was my first since... the last message of elisa on skype! come on, logan, movie, happiness, glee, repeat, logan, happy.... it works, i 'm telling you
66666 yikes! i love the number 6 but its meant to be all creepy isnt it!!!
its the hump day curse!
@lyz sorry. my day's not great either. :(
@lyz sorry to hear that, glad you are here now, i have a pounding headache and cant concentrate on what im meant to be doing so im taking it easy and sneaking peaks on here
hi anyone, i just had a very very bad day, good to be here, numbers rising, people happy!  thanks for it, you all !!!
yeah i just especially notice it when he and veronica are in a relationship.
he has those looks going back to season 1. it's like you can see the thawing of his anger throughout that season! i'm still squealing about jd's official joining!!!!
@kate don't worry.... i bet you have also heard my squeals.... jason is such an amazing actor...  but i've noticed "logan looks" also in season 2.... there is really something about his eyes...
@elisa oh sorry didn't mean to disturb you in italy. :) @tracy good idea. if i weren't a masochist i might do the same. @mansah yay someone else noticed! i'm not imagining/reading too much into it!
@kate i have yet to rewatch s3 but i will watch logans "looks" now like a hawk, i just hate how the season ended so im going to wait until right before the film is released so i wont be so sad
@kate -i've noticed those little glances and smiles, they are what really endears him too me. he seems completely smitten with v and completely in awe with her. it's too good!
now i join the ranks of the paying marshmallows. i hope many more are kickstarting like me and pledging close to the end of the period. can we make 5?  when 2 was reached so fast, i made a 6 prediction
@kate i've heard your squeals also here in italy... yes it is true... jason adds really something to logan's character...
so i'm watching season 3 again..... this season makes me cry way more than the other two..... and i've noticed something. if you watch any scene where veronica brings logan along as her lackey/protection/whatever, if veronica is interacting with other characters and logan is just sitting/standing there, he is always gazing at veronica adoringly. i'm not sure if that's what he was told to do or of it was just jason dohring's acting, but being able to see the little things in these scenes made me realize this and i thought it was awesome also, be on the lookout for logan's "secret smiles" like the one he does when he, keith and v are having dinner and she starts talking about the "shallow end", it's adorable. squeal. jason dohring. logan. in movie. hooray.
numbers are rising.... great!!!!
hello mark, yes i am having far too much fun!!!! and you know how much we loved this show and its back!!!!!! and im sure they will have the lovely weevil, he was so adorable, bless him
well, there's no late to this party! and definitely agree about weevil!
a bit late to this party but the wife seems to be having so much fun with it i thought i'd join in. can't wait for the movie but they must have weevil
i think the problem with a digital download tier is that they simply didn't think of it at the beginning, and at this stage it's probably too difficult to organise -things have to be cleared with wb and the legal stuff and even if the idea seems simple enough i bet there's enough bureaucracy to pull your teeth out. hopefully in countries where we don't get the film in the cinemas the straight-to-dvd will come quickly... (or some independent cinema will try to screen it or a local film festival, you never know, it happens). excellent that jd has been confirmed. fingers crossed we'll hear about wallace, mac and enrico and the rest soon...:d hopefully we'll have another day with a high number of backers!
gooood morning! so excited to see a 25k jump throughout the night! 4.5 mil today :) i believe in us.
kristin try to ask rob if he can create a new reward only with a digital copy.... you are not the only one asking for that...
i hoped for that too kristin but i'm pretty confident the film won't get played in my local middle of nowhere cinema in england so i just had to get a digital copy.
i've pledged $ 10. as i live in europe i would have to pay a minimum of $ 35 + $ 10 postage to get to a level where i get a copy of the film, and i really can't afford that at the moment...i would really have liked reward level where you receive a digital copy of the film, but no t-shirt and a bunch of other stuff that you have to pay extra postage for... :-/
first backer payment pledged! i've watched the 3 series countless times. i love vm and can't wait for the movie :)
i'm not going to say what i wish was in the movie because i might just end up disappointed :( but we are guaranteed a bit of love aren't we? :)
i am so happy that i got to play a part in the making of this movie :) even if it doesn't end up in uk cinemas i still get my digital copy :)
i love veronica mars. have watched all 3 seasons countless times and am so excited to have played a small part in enabling the next chapter.  can't wait to know what's happened to keith, wallace, weevil, dick (loved his t-shirts!), mac and of course logan in the last 10 years.  every fan has a wish list. mine is to see even just a hint of that "epic" scene between veronica and logan at the alterna-prom ...
so what are the chances of seeing a little deputy leo please?
hi guys....!!!!
hi! i  became backer :) i am very glad to be part of the project movie :) i still very much hope that ukraine will be included!
hey jennifer, welcome :) there is a facebook page and an official youtube channel, which have all sorts of goodies tidbits and updates - for example while max greenfield hasn't officially been confirmed, rob has said that we will see leo working for the san diego pd - and that corny will be in too :) basically everyone has said they're in, it's just working out the contracts. meanwhile, we get to watch the counter climb, reflect on an amazing show and look forward to more of it. :d
nice jennifer. yes it was short lived. i didn't mind paris that much, but i agree. i actually liked season 3 just fine in spite of the short arcs. of course the only mistake that i think was leaving the hanging ending on season 3 rather than trying to wrap it up. but, i understand why rob did it and i agree with why he did it. but... i would have preferred an good ending. but cool. welcome aboard!
i just made my donation after re-watching all three seasons.  i'm so happy to join ks in order to support this wonderful project.  i've been waiting to hear about a vm movie since the day i heard about the show's cancellation (after a good long cry).  this was the best show on tv and it deserved better than it got!  the entire series was near-perfect in my opinion (i will always maintain the only  mistake was made in casting a certain "socialite" in ep 2). this show would not have been the gem it was without the amazing kristen, jason, enrico and rob.  i agree that they have to have the main three cast members, but i would love to see some dick, a happy mac (she deserves it!), wallace, weevil and how about some sleazy vinnie and (ex) deputy leo?  (he could work with keith perhaps?- i always thought max and enrico's on-screen chemistry was almost as good as his and kbs.)   is it too late to throw in an ask for some cliff and clemmons?  and since this is a "reunion" movie, can we please see some of those high school characters in cameos that may have had small roles but were integral to the series in their own way?  i'd love to find out what happened to people like corny ('member him?), madison, etc. can we get a mention of how duncan and lil lilly are doing?  is trina on the real housewives (or other random reality show) yet? i'm sorry- do i ask to much? i blame wbros for making me wait so long for my vmars fix.  never mind. don't care. mush! mush!
@mandy oic didn't realize that. but, yeah i would imagine they'd be able to figure something out.
@suzanne, i'll join you!
i am addicted to the backers counter. i think i will be seeking a support group soon.
so happy to be a part of making this dream a reality! thank you rob thomas, kristen bell, and everyone else for not giving up. marshmallows unite!!
they'll be at 4.5 million by tomorrow.
first time backer. did not want to miss out on all the action!
i think opening up that $1 donation reward really helped. i think people like the fact that they're going to be getting updates about what's happening with the movie.it is pretty cool that more money was made today than the last two days.
we made more money today than sunday and monday combined.  cool, huh?
so, today's final tally (east coast, at least): $65,085 and 1664 new backers. pretty flippin' impressive for 20 days in!
@matt i'd like to believe everyone in the video would be in the movie the only thing is that video was made a year ago so technically people could have other obligations. hopefully everyone will be in it. i think it looks good.
well, its taken veronica mars to make me jump in and make my first backer payment! looking forward to this... a marshmallow for life. :)
damn, nice balabanto! and woot midnight goal reached. just need 50gs for both. i should make some dummy accounts and donate $1 on em. i think it's safe to say everyone in the promo vid will be in the movie.
@kelly, you know jason himself may have been anticipating that. i think the majority(at least a good portion) are wanting that love reunion and happily ever after we never got because of the cancellation. we knew it would happen but it's just a relief now that it has. yes they truly would have had a huge mess on their hands.
yes, jason. although if he hadn't signed, can you imagine the revolution, the unrest, they would have on their hands.  that would be like enrico colantoni not coming on board.
let it be 4,444,444?
woo! 66,000 backers!!!!!!!!  yay!!!!!!!
yes! $1 ftw! i wish i could give more though...
@stephen rodriguez i dropped 1500, steve. if my bonus had been like last year, i would have dropped 3000. i know these folks. they're good people.
t.t all good, friend. i'm just trying to say i am exciting this many dollars worth! haha... but word! i hope your m1 supply has a positive upturn soon! been there for sure.
@bal at least you didn't blow your budget for this like i did.
i'm all tapped out, matt. i ran into some car issues and my bonus wasn't nearly as large as expected.
@tr: tite... will be refreshing. midnight is 2 hours away for me. ty. also thank you for everyone who is donating. i donated 275 on the first day. not to brag. but those of us with a bit more money to share should share it. vm is one of my favorite things. so excited. they should save the extra 2m for a sequel! just kidding. but it's going to be more than 2wice the movie rob had originally planned. this movie is going to be epic at 5+ million.
@matt rock and roll as hard as you can.
@matt at least 66k backers and 4.500 pledged?
what's the goal for the next hour?
we still got an hour to go.
21240 more backers needed to break record.
my prediction is 5.1 m on the final day.
@bal we might get 4.45 million before midnight.
well, facebook doesn't seem to like that i shared 25 times the same link, i think i should slow down now!
$62,631 raised today! the push is on! only 10 days to go!!!!!!!!!!
see? only 100 left.
well, it will happen tonight unless something weird happens.
@kate ofc he is indispensable.  now all we need is an official announcement about enrico. it looks like 66,000 backers is going to happen tonight. yay!
he knew he was indispensible from the moment rob announced what the plot was.
@kate your comments make me giddy! so excited :) epic love!
still squealing..... hey all you new backers! back to squealing. interesting how jason dohring was the first one after kristen to sign on.... almost like he's indispensable to the plot/story..... *squeal*
@jesca, i agree!
i am crossing my fingers that the unveiling of the t-shirt design will get the counter up! hopefully its the big announcement for tomorrow!
welcome new backers!!! :d
hi!! @gavin and @tigernightmare...@solene that's a really good idea! :)
first time i make a donation, and loving it!
i just shared the link on a few tv shows facebook pages, hoping that people who didn't know about the movie will see it! if i brought a couple more backers to the campaign, i'll be happy!
@gavin, is that totoro, as your profile picture?? <3!
hey, jesca.
hopefully they can get mac in the movie considering she's on grey's anatomy every week.
@candice thanks so much!
hey jesca!
ok changed my picture and info...
@jessica welcome. i'm glad you can be a part of this.
hey everyone....been reading all your comments for days and was finally able to become a backer today! so excited to finally be a part of this!!!
@kate--i did the same thing...then took the squealing to facebook to share my insanity :)
ha ha kate
fangirl squealing!!!! jason dohring hooray!!! :)
@l the thing is, once they release something, they're done unless it's a high-selling ip like firefly that has a large market that eats up any and everything.  buffy in hd is unlikely because, as you said, they have to redo the effects in hd.  it's not impossible, but it's expensive.  mash would be easy because it was shot on film.  they're redoing effects for star trek the next generation season by season at the moment.  shows produced by nbc universal aren't even released on blu-ray half the time, so a show like community, well into the blu-ray era, does not have a blu-ray set, and neither does friday night lights, at least not for a long time.  what old obscure titles have come out on blu-ray?  i know critters isn't on blu-ray.  i don't know why i keep picking on critters, but there it is.  it has to have some sort of popularity for them to want to bother.  a large percentage of the market is fed up over subpar blu-ray releases that are just copy and paste from their dvd predecessors, so that's also a factor.  the issue isn't really whether or not something was already available in hd or not, it's whether a bunch of suits think it's profitable to mass produce and distribute legacy titles with low-rated older shows.  there's also not a lot of extra content on veronica mars and they have to think about whether or not people like me in the consumer target base would double dip, and the answer is no.  i'm looking at the back of my season 3 set and there's no commentaries.  there's deleted scenes, the "pitching season 4" featurette, "going under cover with rob thomas" featurette, gag reel and webisode gallery.  if you really must have the episodes in hd, you can always buy them on amazon.  i'm with you, i'd rather buy things on blu-ray than download.  but wb doesn't think the market is there.
i made enough to get the blu ray im a happy gal
woohoo!  logan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@tracy lol. i think 66,000 backers by midnight is doable without holding your children for ransom.
@balabanto @candice id love too do both goals, but i cant hold my children to ransom again!!!!
hah, no way it makes 4.5 by midnight, not anyone's midnight, but man the counter has been rolling again and it looks we will now make it there with a week or more to spare. looking good.
@bal anything is possible.
great job katy! ;)
i think we can do it, balabanto! positivity goes a long way!!  i say yes, it's possible! :)
@candice 12 am est
i doubt it bal but i like the enthusiasm
who's midnight? midnight is in four hours for me.
holy ticker, batman! 4.5 million by midnight? can we do it?
i hope we get 66,000 today.
i just begged people on facebook to join in so hopefully a couple people will!
88,000 backers here we come! i got my husband to pledge, two best friends and now my mom!  spread the word!
love that jason is in!!!
there should be two movies now since the pledge was doubled! <3
i've already seen three articles from entertainment websites talking about jason's hiring. which each bit of news you get more publicity..
oh my giddy aunt! i only popped out for a couple of hours and i came home to find this marvelous update! made my night i can tell you
officially having love in the movie makes me squee!  very pleased that jason is on board.
@tigernightmare - it doesn't really make sense to me though why they treat even recent tv shows so differently than movies. they release old, sometimes rather obscure, catalog titles on blu-ray all the time when it comes to movies. they end up charging people for a lower quality product than people saw for free on tv. (although they actually did go back and scan friends in hd and release it on blu-ray, so it has been done at times.) now if you are talking stuff like mash or buffy and such, they were never produced in hd so it would require a lot more work, certainly for something like buffy, at least, would require lots of work since they did all the vfx/compositing etc. on that in sd. but things like veronica mars were already produced and broadcast in hd. anyway, the more backers we get the greater the chances. but enough about the blu-rays for now. the main thing now is the movie. that's what counts and that's what we are finally getting and that is awesome!
@michael- agree!!!
i'm just glad things are revving up going into the last ten days!
@michael: i'm wondering the same thing. logan's casting is awesome, don't get me wrong...but i'm excited to see other movie news as well!
yeah i wasn't doubting that jason wouldn't be in the movie but it is nice to hear he will. especially since this seems to be the first news we've gotten on who's going to be in it since the only one we knew so far of the main cast was kristen. this does make my night!
i don't think this is the announcement but i could be wrong...
happy dance, jason dohring is in! 87,142 is the magic number call your friends!
so i'm a little late on this as i've been at work... firstly, yay! logan was my favorite character in the series. second, is this announcement the special one we were supposed to get tomorrow, or are we getting another one??
@lilly- yes yes it does! makes my night!
yes @katy! it makes it better being confirmed!!
not that i ever doubted them getting jason to do the movie but i am so excited that it's confirmed! love forever!!! *fangirl squeal*
@ana rob has always said that he and kristen were the only ones contracted for the film.
the only deal that was confirmed was kristen's. the rest still have to be worked out. the video was made over a year ago. they still had to get warner bros. and legal involved.
yes! @candice! yes!!!
i thoight that was already confirmed... this makes no sense.
yes!!!!!!!! jason!!!!!!!!!! bring in the other cast members!!!
isn't that one of the guys on the video? what about the guys that were not no the video?
i love ryan and think that enrico and him might be the next confirmed, since they were in the funding video. i love ryan and just about lose it whenever i see him in anything! his character in burning love reminds me a bit of dick :)
@ stephanie...i agree. i don't much more than jason in the movie ;) however it would be nice to see percy, tina, and enrico included. i wouldn't mind see ryan too.
oh, okay.
@tigernightmare i think your plot for the movie is awesome  !! lol
gotta have rico in it. have too!!!!!!!
@tiger that was the exciting update from today that rob promised. but tomorrow has an exclusive backer surprise.
definitely enrico!!
...wait, was that the big news?
i need percy, tina and enrico to be official next.
we have logan...i don't need much more...fan girling here
@mandy thank you ! that would have bugged me all day!! wallace !!! yeah we need him in the movie too..
wallace
come on mac, weevil and ah i just woke up and can't remember her best friends name the dude!! ahhhhhh help!! what's his name??
we have logan!
@mandy i know the waitress line is hilarious !!
woohoo! jason just signed on to be in the movie :) who's happy? i like how rob wrote in the update the ones cast so far are veronica, logan and the waiter who says your check, sir.
kate just squee'd with fangirl delight. :p
well if that update isn't enough to bump those numbers up, i don't know what would...  =)
we already made over 43000 today, with 3 hours left...
blu-rays for older shows are just really unlikely to be made unless they had transcendent popularity, like the twilight zone, mash and the first two star trek series.  even shows that released sets during the transition, like smallville and 24, still don't sell blu-ray sets of their earlier seasons.  there's even a season of smallville that was released on dvd and hd-dvd but never blu-ray.
and rob never asked for creating several accounts... just to spread the word , offering fans a way to be part of this whatever their ability to pledge, and/or to share the experience with their friends. can't see how it can be wrong.
21655 backers needed to break record.
yeah i don't get those comments. whatever extra publicity it can get can only help and that can only help make it more likely wb puts more into, re-thinks the season blu-rays, makes everyone perhaps try for a second film, etc. i mean it's all in fun.
well, i'd rather the amount of backers we get is reached organically and not from people creating more accounts to inflate the number.  kind of lie.  but it's not so upsetting that it's not worth backing anymore.  that's just stupid.
@katy, those people are a mystery!
@katy wow, i don't see a reason to be negative. people amaze me.
@tracy: thanks.                                                                                                                                                                             @katy: amen!
you know, i read the comments left after the recent update and a lot of them seem to be negative. why is rob thomas being greedy because he wants to break records? that's great publicity and we could use as much as we can get!
welcome @kerryann and @natasha glad to have you, as they say every little helps!
@tiger the bread and butter vm
@jlw someone wrongs veronica.  veronica defeats them with awesomeness.  credits.
@tracy accents are cool!
@dusty - shooting imax is expensive! and i think they'd have trouble booking this sort of movie in the imax venues so who would ever see it imax ratio and detail? of course it would be cool to do it like batman and have some scenes expand into imax but it's not practical at all. yeah the counter seems to be doing a lot better again. i think the easter holiday gave a false sense of things making it seem like the rate had gone off a cliff. $5mil still doesn't look likely but it seems almost for sure that we get closer to $5mil than to $4mil whatever the degree, less than 80k and we are there.
yay!!!  feeling good just became a backer after debating for 18 days. really love the show but have two kids so   spend my money wisely. pretty wise freaking choice!
i was finally able to donate today, was only a little but i am happy to be involved! i am so excited for this film, started watching the series and im half way through season 3. this film is a long time coming..
does anyone have plot predictions?
@ tigernightmare: not at all in keeping with vm, but i would pay serious money for an outtake that involved kb base-jumping off some skyscraper and beating her way through an office full of baddies. no reasons needed.
@ kate yes william wilberforce was a good lad, im half irish so i have a foot in both camps when it comes to patriotism! but i have a terrible east end accent slightly posher than adele on a good day, stand out like a sore thumb here in ohio!!!! im popping out for a while but would love to see it at 4.45 when i get back!
wow, we have already surpassed yesterday's total.
come, lurkers!
@ tigernightmare probably also some lurkers making a commitment to qualify  for the backer updates.
imax is way, way, way too expensive for this project.  all the imax scenes in the nolan batman films were action scenes, too, which isn't very veronica mars.
it feels like the $$ number is jumping higher today after allowing people to pledge $1. maybe i just want to believe that and my eyes are deceiving me. on another note, i'm wondering if wb has agreed to match the amount of money raised by this campaign? i can understand not making that agreement public because you'd have lots of people pledging money just to "stick it" to a major studio. again, this probably isn't the case, but it sure would be nice.
oooh...imax (as a stretch goal).
well, we did have an entire country added today.  that's probably it.
i just hope that it will continue over the next days as well! would be fab if we could have 500-1000 pledges a day in stead of 300-400; though i'm happy with anything :p
@tiger and people magazine
strewth! the kicktraq has todays backers at over 900 so the other levels are going well too.
the only people who benefit from the royal family are the royal family.
@tracy good point. but hey you guys did do away with the institution of slavery without a war. that counts for something, right?
@ kate the riots a few years ago would beg to differ, we like to throw our toys out of the pram every now and them, but i do adore the nhs and miss it loads, even the waiting lists!!
and they get all the best actors.
@tiger i love sassy, its the grown up version of cheeky!
british people are so much cooler than us. they deal with social problems like adults, they have cool lingo, they have a royal family that americans desperately try to semi-adopt into our culture through obsessive media coverage and, of course, the universal healthcare.
its the cockney equivalent of sacrebleu i believe? hope thats not too offensive? my french is really rubbish
sweet sassy molassy.
blimey? gotta love all these expressions!
blimey, the dollar backers are shooting up nicely!
just made my husband a backer too so he can have his own shirt! :p
@ patrick - at this point if every donor could go in for 9 bucks more, we would - but we still have 10 days.  and i think they will have some more goals soon.
are we going to make the magic 5?
@mandy, thanks
lyz, i think he's referring to the amount of people to break the record
@gavin: that's what i'm thinking! fingers crossed for the unveiling of the t-shirt design! :) i'm so pleased to be a part of this epic, awesome, display of marshmallow power!!!! woo!
our current hourly average is over $2,000.  i don't know if that's going to slow, but if the pace remains, 48k is a given.
45k, 60k, 21967, what are you talking about?
21967 needed.
those numbers keep goin and goin.  we're landing anywhere between 45k and 60k.
@mansah i'm a noir guy. what can i say? i love the classics.
how's everyone doing?? only 10 days! ahh, so cool. tomorrows backer-only surprise the t-shirt designs maybe?
don't forget, if you have more than one amazon account (or want to make more than one) you can keep contributing $1 under each account. let's hit 100,000 backers and surpass rob's goal!
@kate, pity... i'll wait, i'm gonna stay awake as long as i can tonight (11pm here) anyway!
@kate, pity... i'll wait, i'm gonna stay awake as long as i can tonight (11pm here) anyway!
shirt update available to backers only is good, because it turns a lot of those 1 dollar pledges into 20 dollar pledges.
they did promise the shirt design before the end of the campaign so you could be onto something?
seeing the shirt design would be good too.
i like lyz's suggestion. really love to start hearing who they all have before the donations close. quite frankly that could possibly be why some people aren't donating or donating smaller amounts because they don't know who's all signed on for it. me, i donated $200 and will go see it regardless.
@lyz i'm still at work, no skype or facebook here. : /
or we see shirt design
or they give us a new  excerpt of the script
oooh... i like@mandy suggestion!!!
i'd be fine with either @balabanto's or @mandy's suggestions!
hmm...it could be but i would think it would kristen making that happen not rob. my thought is maybe they'd be telling us who has signed on for the movie already.
that would be up to kristin. it will be veronica mars related. not baby related, to be sure. i would love a trenchcoat picture. :) with a cool 40's hat.
could our treat be the first look at the shiny new penny (lincoln)?  i love babies!
guess you're right, tracy.
@ lyz you get there first, but im pretty sure it will be an american time zone tomorrow treat? im intrigued though
is it tomorrow already?
so i noticed how on the home page rob talked about some backers only treat tomorrow. i haven't read thru all of the comments made since he said this so i didn't know if it's brought up (although i'm sure it has). anybody got a guess what it is?
@kate, you're welcome. you're a marshmallow too, you know... btw, how is your skype account working?
@ harriet, i used to love the archers me and my nan used to bake and listen to it, it was brilliant!
i would like to thank all you marshmallows for making these dreary weeks bearable. for real. :)
@ lyz last time i tried that we literally had the fire brigade out! my son put a burito in the microwave and forgot about it, put it on for too long and set the bloody thing on fire, i was in the bath and next thing i know a fire engine is pulling up and im throwing clothes on and rushing downstairs. he can make sandwiches and toast now.
@tracy, what about teaching them "cook or starve"?lol
i think i'll make her continue to suffer me listening to the archers in the car for now... and move her up to vm when she is a bit older... am reading her the series of unfortunate events though, so may have already warped her somewhat (along with the archers torture)
eleanor wants to thank all vm fans for her dinner and jack has just grunted and said it will probably be rubbish anyway and there better not be vegetables! fantastic numbers!!!!!
we've crossed 65.000 -wehey!
@harriet, thats a hard one, my son really wanted to watch the walking dead so i let him start it this year at 15 as its so gory, my youngest daughter was watching buffy with me at 4, in retrospect that may not have been the greatest idea as on dress up day she went as drusilla! she wanted to grow up to be a vampire all the other girls were princesses! now she only seems to watch reality shows so i may have warped her tiny little mind?
@harriet, yes you're right. it was brilliantly directed and executed. the cast and crew did do an excellent job on it. @ tracy, trust me, i doubt you're that much older than me. all my dad had to do was threaten his belt and we were good. he never used it on us but the threat was enough to know he would have. yeah, luckily my dad isn't a psycho killer either.
@kate, thankyou, you are so good to them, my son thanks you as he would rather starve than make himself a sandwich! @mandy that belt scene really got me too, im pretty old! so grew up in a different time and my dad used to send us for the belt when we really wound him up, its not something you forget. he isnt a psycho crazy killer though, so thats a plus!!!!
@tracy.. i keep telling my 4 year old that she can watch it with me as soon as she gets older.... how old is old enough though???? i'm guessing in about a decade. @mandy.. i know.. so awful, and yet so brilliantly directed and executed.... such skill from the cast and crew...
wow! i haven't posted since probably day 1 or 2 but saw people talking about episode 6 in the 1st season. yeah, it was one of my favorite episodes too. that whole scene with aaron/logan at the gas station then the food bank. the part that kind of got to the most was hearing the song and watching logan looking through his dad's belts. i just started watching the show a year ago on soapnet and the first time i saw this episode it didn't dawn on me what was happening until you see logan go into his dad's office, close the door and hear the belt. i was just thinking oh my god over and over.
@harriet luckily they think its a little funny, but i think they may be looking round for nursing homes in the not too distant future?
@tracy i'm gonna go make a new account so i can pledge another dollar so your kids won't starve. :)
only 44 people till your children get fed!!! fingers and toes are crossed.. for the movie project, and for your children!
..... really loved that episode...
ive just told my children that i will feed them once we get to 65,000 backers. they think i have finally lost it but if they get really desperate they are 17 and 15 so they will survive! plus its only 4pm here and i have faith we will make it before tea time.
such a great episode..i love when logan says (in front of the tv cameras) that his dad has pledged half a million to the food bank... just priceless!!!
if we can get at least $60,000 a day we'll get $5 million
ahh, i love episode 6. especially logan and aaron in the car and petrol station scene, the juxtaposition between the former marine soldier and aaron and logan realising it as the car makes a turn and ventura highway playing in the background. amazing!
i love the way the veronica and logan dynamic grows.... that said... am now part way through episode 6.. certainly not his finest hour with the fighting club.... he'll be back to his cheeky, middle rogue self soon though!!! :-) we only just start to see the darker side of aaron echolls in this episode too...
that he is tiger that he is!
troy's a wonky cracker.
22215 backers needed.
@tanya ooh good catch, ive gone off him now even more, the beast!
it'd be great if over 5 million got pledged, i'm guessing that for a big push, they might have to offer more... i've already put in as much as i can afford, but for the big bucks, people may want some more things to pledge for (i guess)
@ harriet @tiger  i liked troy and then he went all wonky, either he was always running the long con or the actor got another job but he was out of their so fast its hard to tell, and as for logan rob thomas has said he was meant to be rotten to the core,but his chemistry with veronica evolved the storyline, and most of us love it!!
@ harriet - i think it was planned, there were earlier episodes that pointed to him being a bad boy.  wallace brought veronica the file on him.  then veronica confronted troy and he lied to her.  i loved that episode because it showed her getting back at him in a great manner.  i did not like troy though.
anyone have an new ending project projections?  i am guessing a little over 5 million, but hopefully more!
@tracy i was joking. we are totally excitable. :)
i liked troy so much that i don't even remember him.  looks like the scheme worked, we're gonna hit 65,000 backers soon.
@julia. i agree about the keith parts of the episode... i liked the veronica elements  if the investigation... i just think that i don't really like troy... which has probably coloured my view of the episode!  i wonder if they planned for the logan character to evolve as it did, or if it grew from the interaction between the cast members... he certainly becomes more likeable as the story grows (whilst remaining fallible..as we all are)
@ kate ok then enthusiastic and passionate?
excitable? nah.
@tracy you sure are! been reading your comments for weeks
@harriet, i never cared that overly much for troy. and he does seem to disappear rather quickly, so it might have been because the actor had other plans i guess... his behaviour does seem slightly incongruent unless he was a really 'bad boy' -a term which i am loathe to use because i don't really agree with its application in most cases... still really love that episode though; i think it highlights some really interesting aspects of veronica's character that recur throughout the series...
let's get the word out there fellow fans!!!  i posted this a few different places if anyone wants to post this themselves. i am trying to build more interest and backers! only a few days left to back this and be part of one of the greatest movie projects in history! for only $1, you can get in on this, as well as some exclusive prizes and opportunities! it is more of a club than a project... only those who donate know about the "inside rewards and opportunities". you don't have to be a fan; you just have to like the movie industry and want to be in the know! get in on it before it is over!!!;)  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project
harriet, i disagree. while i don't think season 1 really started to get good until episode 6, i think episode 5 was probably the best of the first five. the troy stuff seemed planned to me. it was there to contrast how veronica reacted to keith's new girlfriend and how keith reacted to veronica's new boyfriend. it also continued to show just how quick veronica is to accuse logan of everything.
just watched episode 5 of season one (in my re-watching of all three seasons) and realised that it is really not my favourite episode by a long way... is it me, or does the whole troy story seem to be a bit cobbled together... as if they suddenly decided to get rid of him, and thought that this was a quick way of doing it. it doesn't seem to fit with his previous behaviour... hey ho, i love . loan anyway so she could never have stayed with troy anyway (to my mind)
@ welcome lovisa its fun here and we are an excitable bunch!
so, finally an official backer! must re-watch the show now =)
so excited!!! i want my treat!!!
just got home and headed straight to the laptop and there it was, the 4.4, nice!
i wonder what the new content is? i'm excited!!!
@margot, that's definitely an impressive effort! has anyone visited mars investigations recently, coming in to the series late it was quite dead when i first discovered it so i was really impressed that it woke up with the news of the film :)
this should get us to 4.5 million easily.
@margot yessss it is a really good site
@ken some of us are here since the beginning, staring at the numbers as much as they can, and now that a lot of countries are involved, they change 24hours a day.
man, if i knew where i'd be next year i'd snag up that premiere spot... really hope this new update will lure in new pledgers :)
@tiger, how accurate!
has anyone else noticed this italian website? kind of an amazing fan effort! http://www.jasondohring.net/
my new projection for today is $37,736.
@tracy, back up, adrianne, something about the "purity" of kickstarter, i guess, or what they see as competition... some people love to be discontent...
t here is a la ticket available now.
heh...and there goes the last ny slot...again. always fun to watch.
i posted this a few different places if anyone wants to post this themselves.  i am trying to build more interest and backers! only a few days left to back this and be part of one of the greatest movie projects in history!  for only $1, you can get in on this, as well as some exclusive prizes and opportunities!  it is more of a club than a project... only those who donate know about the "inside rewards and opportunities".  you don't have to be a fan; you just have to like the movie industry and want to be in the know!  get in on it before it is over!!!;)  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project
hello everyone!  i backed on day 1, but haven't said hello until now.  i'm so glad there's such support for this and such a happy group of fans on here (notwithstanding some grumps on the update)!
@tracy - agreed.
i don't understand why people would be upset. nowhere in the comments did i see a reason for the anger.
cool $1 level hey what ever it takes. hey if you stay on this page you can see backer and money added in real time!
some people just have to find things to complain about or their heads will explode lol
why are people so cranky!
can i get in on this skype thing? i've never used skype before, but i just created a user name: epiclovefan
ahh. we're back.
and back to 4.4! now be a good boy and stay there will you? :p
@sinosamba they would have to pry my tickets from my cold, dead hands. and a good friend who kept the faith for as long as i did would kill me if i gave that pledge level up.
i bet it goes quick as soon as someone notices, i know ppl were asking yesterday.   @ lyz - some ppl are very cranky.  they need to go back to bed and get up on the more cheerful side of it!
someone left a ny premier slot. overreaction to the new update :/
yes kate we are waiting for you...
well...it was $4.4 for a minute or so.
who dropped us below 4.4 again? >_>
what the? did we just go down?
i'm pledging $1 with each amazon account i have. gotta help us get to #1 somehow!
woohoo!!   $4.4.
did you read the comments to this last update? some people are cranky!
hi, lyz. could only resist the epic love for so long!
check out the new update from rt!!! let's show him that our love for vm is as epic as his love for all is marshmallows!
hi, tracy!
yes, k=kate, you have to. first, download skype. then, register. then, ask tiger. see,simple !
@elisa i know. i'm working on it. :)
alright, waited long enough. i'm in for $50.
kate you have to join us...
skype and instagram. two things i'm missing. falling behind the technology curve!
yep...
@elisa, wainting and hopping, skype is a great way to wait joyfully!!!
.... almost 4.4
@ michael, i meant hi, i was under the impression they are equivalent, anf hey is often used as hello around me
@lyz - um, heyyy!! :d
we'll make it! hey, michael!
the problem is that their minimum tier was $15 therefore we would not really have the highest backer count.
87,142 backers, held by "double fine adventure", is the number to beat
what number are we trying to beat in the backer division?
oh rt said our love is epic! love feels! :p
just sent a message to my sister, her friend and my college room-mates. i know that most of them don't have the money to donate any large amount, but they might do the $1 donation to help the numbers rise :)
oh, i see it.  they probably put it in the wrong place.
@tiger, look at the homepage
@ lyz they made a 1 dollar tier because they want to have 23,000 more backers to break some kickstarter record! andit seems there will be a backers-only treat tomorrow!
what update?  what is everyone talking about?
@lucienne, so what's new here? norway, i'm sure, what else
they should have made that update an email.
check the front page, a little update :)
@tiger hope to have added the right person...
lol tiger, are you sure you didn't make a living in making people laugh in another life? hey, anybody
three hours, rather.
i estimate about $30k today.  we'll hit 4.4 in about two hours.
i didn't hear nothin.
is there supposed to be a new announcement today?
hey guys, fan theory, just was watching episode 3x06 where v is accused of plagiarizing her paper, keith and harmony got to a noir film fest and she asks keith, "so is that an accurate description of the life of a private eye" then rt says that vm in this movie is no longer a private eye. could this be a metaphorical turning away from noir aspects in the movie? just a thought. could be wrong.
you probably just summoned tim crow.
tigernightmare, i'm guessing almost everyone hopes that  the last ones are included!
that second part sounded a little more dirty than i intended.
way to make me feel like a loser tiger. then again i did kind of insult your masculinity last night, so i guess we're even.
i have an uncle named argyle polo.
said it once, say it again: argyle polo.
@kc a lot of us saw that a while back.  rob thomas said that he already planned to do 16 or so of those.
so has everyone seen this? and do we agree? should there be others added to the list? http://www.buzzfeed.com/kmallikarjuna/things-that-must-be-in-the-veronica-mars-movie
what's the new announcement?
we should hit 4.4 today. every time they make a new announcement, the thing jumps like 300,000.
someone at work just told me i remind them of veronica. wow i'm so flattered. awesome day. :)
http://buffy.wikia.com/wiki/wesley_wyndam-pryce
found 4results.... and now (but don't kill me) who is wesley ahahhaha
@kate and he didn't mean to start bum fights either, or start fights with weevil, or any of the other things he dead. being high on cocaine might make logan echolls more managable. :)
@elisa try searching again, sometimes skype is weird.
@tiger i have found one thigernightmare but there is no avatar... if i gave you my name could you add me???
morning malaviscos!
the epic speech might be one of the best things ever!
@lilly no, you only need to be added to the group to participate and i already added you. @elisa just download and install skype for your device and create an account.  search for and add tigernightmare as a contact (my avatar is wesley) and i'll add you to the group.  it looks like everyone is sleeping right now, but people'll show up later.
@elisa seriously. so good. @balabanto he didn't mean it!
morning.  okay, let's see....
i just donated) russian fans are so looking forward to the movie)) i just hope love line will be what i imagined it would be. which is (no surprise there) – logan and veronica line))
@kate me too.... and also during the "epic" speech...
@kate you reap what you sow.
@rebecca there's also the whole issue with madison writing "slut" on veronica's car, which, after having been raped, couldn't have been to pleasant to see.
i literally cry when i watch logan leave that voicemail.
ok the real world beckons and i have a meeting to attend for a few hours, when i get back and check the counter will it be at 4.4? could be who knows!!!!
@rebecca...veronica tells her that she was drugged when she confronts her in the bathroom, you see a moment on madison's face, then a smirk of not caring...
@rebecca -if it doesn't get included in the movie there's always fanfic, hey. i'm guessing one of the reasons we only see madison as a rotten egg is because we only ever see her with veronica; i think her portrayal is partly painted by how veronica perceives her and also if someone openly dislikes you it's really hard to not respond with antagonism. but her family seems to love her and she appears to have friends, she can't be that horrible.
@ rebecca - in a trip to the dentist, it's cassidy and that douche, sean, who tell veronica what happened in the room. neither is a trustworthy historian.  dick might not have locked veronica in the room.  i haven't seen the episode in a while, but i thought dick only admitted to seeing veronica in the room with cassidy. i assumed he was basically telling the truth (just being a jerk by implying veronica was pursuing cassidy).
thank you for making this movie possible !! and for allowing us, non us resident , to have rewards !! i'm a big fan since the beginning and i have been waiting a long long time for this movie to happen !! i've watch at least 5 times the 3 seasons and loved it so much !!!! thanks again ! love and kisses from france :)
@rebecca you can contact him on the contact me link under his picture and his assistant will respond and perhaps pass messages on to rob as needed... it's super cool. they gave me and the cousin i didn't realize i had a really nice response... she and i met on these boards... so they do take the time to make you at least feel special.
so, i don't know if my hero, rob thomas will actually see this, but just in case, i just wanted to mention something that has been bugging me (as a total fan!)  and maybe it's all like, "huh!  maybe i should say something about it." long shot... so, veronica isn't a fan of many people from the 09er set, but she hates madison extra.  i get that she has committed her share of espionage... but the real reason is because she's the one that gave veronica the drink, right? this drink was intended for madison and spiked with ghb without her knowledge.  okay, "trips to the dentist" are a thing emily post would not condone, but can we spend a little time seeing that madison was about to be date raped??????? the way i see it, madison and veronica were both victims that night. so, veronica hates madison.   yet, she shows some measure of tolerance for dick.  dick.  dick, the attempted date rapist.  (actually, technically, still, since he was responsible for the ghb.)  dick actually locked beaver in a room with veronica and told him to rape her!!!  dick should be in prison. madison has no idea what happened to veronica.  she has no idea about her place in the whole story.  since the story is set at the high school reunion, with, perhaps, some time for maturation and reflection, is it possible for veronica and madison to have a sort of accidental conversation?  so many people on the show reform, but madison is just a simple antagonist.  i'd like to see more from her. it could be simple.  veronica gives her dagger eyes when she suspect her for something and confronts her. "wow, you really hate me.  that's fair.  i wasn't perfect, but, god, veronica.  you really personally hate me." ... "actually, you're right.  i should thank you for making me the person i am today.  if you had never handed me that drink full of ghb--" "wait, what?" "you're trip to the dentist, madison!  i stumbled out onto the street wondering where my virginity had gone and you wrote slut on my car." [pause] "i'm sorry."  [veronica looks shocked and begins to turn away, madison interrupts]  "so, you mean i was supposed to get raped that night." *presto* paradigm shift.  (of course, you could go ahead and make the writing decent and plausible.) then a more mature, hurt, and angry madison confronting dick, if it's not too much trouble... okay, i'm done.  sorry to play back seat driving fan.  you do good work!
"8 years without breaking character" is my favorite line :d
@lilly could you explain me how??? =)
"tigernightmare:  ....for there to be blu-rays of the show. i'm not sure if i'd be willing to double dip, though." yeah you would. we all would. they should get them made.  (doesn't twilight time manage to make profits off of blu-rays limited releases of just 3,000 copies even?)
join us @elisa
@tiger do i have to add everyone in the skype as a contact in order to communicate through the group?
i would also like to be a part of the skype group..... :-(
anyway, it should hit $4.4 mil tomorrow.
i know a lot of people who never got the dvds because they have been waiting on the blu-rays. i finally gave in just because i was hoping it might somehow help make them look more favorably upon making the movie some day.
i really can't fathom why wb still has no plans to put out blu-rays for the seasons. the kickstarter has doubled their minimum to make the movie, with this many backers.... the whole show was produced in hd, everything should be pretty much ready to press just about. plenty of blu-rays have made at least small profits with pretty small numbers of units pushed. i don't get it. dvd is so archaic. i have the last few episodes recorded off of ota tv and they, as compressed as ota atsc hd transmissions are compared to a blu-ray, still look so much better than the dvds.
here's another australian backer. don't know how i'll wait til march??
i'd say the film has to make a ton of money for there to be blu-rays of the show.  i'm not sure if i'd be willing to double dip, though.
if this project is successful, there will be bluerays, downloads, soundtracks, and anything else they can make money on.  not putting it down, that's just the way it is.
i would like the 3 seasons to come out on bluray as well. i did send that question to whomever is answering rt's account and was told there was no plans to re-release them. i guess asking pretty please won't work. maybe the folks at wb will seize the opportunity with all the buzz from this project.
cool brnz,  i'm getting the blueray dvd and i don't even have a blueray player the only dvd player i have is on my computer, oh well a lot can change in a year, welcome1
welcome, brnz.
very pleased that little ole nz gets to play, pledged my money to ensure i get a copy of the dvd for posterity!!  look lovely on my shelf next to s1 s2 and s3 dvd sets :)
we're almost at 4.4. the next six days are key, mainly because after that, taxes will start to eat into the kickstarter.
@lilly still here, but the skype group was really active today.
$36,747 pledged in the last 24 hours. invite all your friends to join the page or group (links below)! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/
i have skype, i just don't know much about it.
are we using skype now? confused lol
@lyz you don't see me on the skype group?
hey
actually i had out of the past and forgot to watch it, that's next on the list, gonna track it down.
wow, crossed $33k and still two hours left.
@tim, do you know "out of the past?"  1947, fantastic noir.
i think the counter broke.
@tim, come join us over on skype. it's easier to chat there.
just got home a bit ago from buying a new car today, and was hoping to see some more rewards or goals were announced today. i hope rt has something planned to help get us to 5 million...
hall & oates sorta rock. it's kind of hard to deny.
anyone wanna talk about noir (or hall & oates)? what's a good noir from the 40s i haven't heard of. laura was epic.
good night, lyz!! a demain.
i htink i'll leave both now, good night all
oh, we can be in both places.  it's just a bit hopping there at the moment.
@kc - i was thinking that just now. :)
aw, this comment feed is feeling kind of abandoned since we all moved over to skype. :(
@marilia you don't have to put your real name in and you're allowed to change it whenever you want.  your "skype name" is the only thing that remains unique.
@tiger - i count only one tiger...
ooops, i think i clicked on something by mistake.
haha, she's already there! or there is another one. :) okay, next try...
@marilia, i knew i had a good reason to stay up, as the rise in numbers aren't it.
it's checking to see if anyone else has my name... hopefully the only other girl who has both my first and last names hasn't registered with skype yet. :)
@majed he said it!
@marilia if i can do it anyone can!!!
okay, i'm back... and gonna try and work out skype. :)
@majed i'd say it's worth it if you're also getting the script, the digital download and the t-shirt.  if you want to save money, you can wait until you can buy it at the store, but we're all here pledging to be a part of this and the movie will be better the more money they raise.
and keep to go back up.... some people seem to have it hard to make up their minds:
could we please get a bluray for under $100? that price just for a disc is pretty bloody insane.
@lyz yikes! whats a homonymn
damn.  thing keeps dropping down.
@tracy, and now you're in the group. are you connected?
@ tracy i sent you a message to add you , @tracy robinson, in my contact list, have you an homonym there?
@tiger, got in had to use my old skype profile of @niamhoisin, and had to get the husband up to help and yes he is gloating a little! i will improve.
the thing went down $80 since kicktraq updated ... and it just went up $50.  very fluxy today.
@tiger, seems you were right, we're at about 30000$ for today, with 4 hours left... we'll surely reach 33000 ore so...
@tiger, thanks, it'll make things easier
@kate, well, see? i don't know much about skype , if i did it, anyone can, i tell you : )
i'm gonna figure out how to appoint people as conversation hosts or whatever so other people will be able to add others eventually.
@tracy, search for tigernightmare, the full name, you'll find one with westley (from angel the series) as his avatar, and sent him a message. i can't add you to the group, because he was the one who initiated it
click on contacts > add contact > search skype directory... the search blank in the contacts tab only searches contacts you already have.
@lyz i would like too, i just searched for tiger and nothing came up, sure its me but in case not can you help?
@kate, i did it, so be sure you can! @tracy, will you join too?
@tiger my husband set my skype up so i could chat to my friend in greece, yes i know im rubbish, he gave me the very well thought out moniker of tracy.s.robinson, its pretty easy to use though and you can have hours of free fun on it as myself and my friend debbie have found out!
@tiger, maybe the bad one makes the nightmare in tigernightmare, @tracy, mine was a stern, very stern man , and laughing openly wasn't very welcome at home. i know why, but it didn't make it is easier! i loved him lots, but not for his joyful temper, that's for sure
@kate it's pretty simple.  i haven't used it long myself.  you just download it and create an account and you're gold.  it's pretty much just like aim with more conferencing options.
i don't understand skype, otherwise i would totally get it lol
@tiger - haha, okay, so tigernightmares are bad people... this is what we have learned today. ;) j/k  i have to run to go buy food before the store closes. i'll try doing it when i get back. :)  see you all later.
@lyz so true my dad bless him, acts like a kid most of the time and is great fun, but in small doses, now i only see him once or twice a year its perfect and we love to chat on the phone, but growing up in a tiny house with a crazy dad! challenging.
yeah, just search for my name on skype and i'll add you to the group once we're contacts.  so far, lyz, stephen, jon and lilly have joined.  i think i'm the first in the directory, with wesley wyndham-pryce as my avatar.  the other tigernightmares are bad people.  or at least one of them is.
@marilia-ha, no worries, i get it a lot. probably would help if i put a picture up too.  as soon as i remember what my skype name is, i'll send ask tiger to add me.  would anybody be interested in a google hangout?
@lyz - haha, good, cause i replied to it, anyways. ;)
@marilia, my last @ was addressed to you! @kc, tracy, better a dad who jokes, even horribly, than one who doesn't know how to laugh!
@lyz - i'm not sure how to use skype, haha. never tried it, but the computer seemingly came with the program...
@kcharles - sorry about the gender, i only thought of that after i posted. :) it was the charles that confused me. :)
@marilia- not that it really matters, but i'm actually a 'she' and yeah, i totally get it. half the time, by the time i post, the topic is null and void.
@i do, but thanks to tigernightmare who created a group on skype for all the backers to be able to meet after things end there, i switch to chat on it while i'm waiting for things to move on here. skype is a lot faster, so the gymnastics  are worthwhile. jon and stephen joined too, and lilly but i didn't see her there, every one can, just ask tiger to invite you!
@lyz- your motherly concern is most appreciative even if i was just over-reacting. 5 is when the workday ends and i get to go home!  @jon- i'm eternally grateful that it didn't come out the other end, i don't think i could survive that embarrassment. @tracy-no worries, i'm pretty sure it's a requirement to be a dad that you must tell horrible jokes and be absolutely full of it at least 50% of the time.
@lyz - maybe he gets off work at 5?  haha, do you get the one where you post a comment and then a comment appears before your reply?
@kcharles my dad always says wherever you may be let your wind go free. he has lots of daft sayings like that but,he also claimed to have written loads of the beatles song that he sang to me as a child. he is full of blarney!!
@jon @tiger - hello!
@lyz,  yes  i am!  if i haven't arrived yet that is.
see, how confusing the timing of the comments are here? here i go all mom on kc, and he already know it's not appendicitis! no witty banter for you, you naughty boy you! lol. and what's at 5?
@kcharles.. better that end than the other! =)
oh god that was humiliating! i just let out the mother of all burps and it echoed around the office. my co-workers have been laughing non-stop for the last few minutes. fml.
hi, marilia.
@kcharles.. you think you have an appendicitis?
@jon, am i to understand you're on your way to crazy too? if so, welcome, my friend! : )
@lyz,  i can relate!  i usually have at least two people at a time asking me questions while im trying to finish my work, direct another guy, drink coffee and check the vmmp here..! lol @marilia.. hi!
@kcharles - you can't just ask for witty banter, people got shy. :)
@kc, no, seriously, if you're worried see a doctor! appendicitis is benign, but it can degenerate in peritonitis if not taken care of. don't panic, here, but don'twait either!
okay, so it's not appendicitis then. whatever it is, it is painful and i have 40 minutes until 5. distract me with you witty banter friends!
@lyz - i usually get paid in chocolate bars. :) but i'm translating a couple of articles that i will probably get real money for. :)
diagnostics r us
if it's the left side, it's not appendicitis. might be a hernia though.
@marilia, yes i did, sent them, and waiting for payment now. if i get it before the deadline, i will up my pledge too
@kcharles - lyz is right - usually pain is the main thing to watch out for, sharp pain to the right of your abdomen.
@lyz - i'm so happy about that. :) i upped my pledge to the t-shirt level, and i'm waiting on financial backing from my parents to raise it for the dvd, hahaha. i haven't been hanging around much these last few days. haven't really been home a lot. :) did you finish your translations from last week?
@kc nothing but that it hurts? are you worried?
@tiger - i just scrolled down and saw the st:tos ref. :)
@marilia, hi, how are you, i didn't get to congratulate you for the inclusion of brazil!!!
anybody know what appendicitis feels like?
you all should be on skype
hi there everyone. :)
jon, are you mocking me lol? try switching between a very interesting discussion about dollhouse  (that i never got to see) on skype, checking the counter, commenting her, and trying to click with rizzoli and isles on tv, plus my natural tendancy to all things crazy!! hmmmm?
@lyz,   lol!!!
*agagree! crazy's coming!!! agree, i meant, of course
@harriett, good, everyone needs a healthy dose of vm to grow up right! my sons don't agagree, it's a big hurt in my life lol)
@kcharles,   it was this morning, on my way in to work.. it stopped by 8:30am... now its just cold  no accumulation though.. just really light flurries
@jon  is it still snowing in michigan?
@kate  hi!  hugs from michigan!  (you too lyz ;)   )
@jon, good too, right now switching between skype and here, during time between comments!
@jon hey! good to have you back!
@lyz,  going good so far.. getting a chance to catch up on the other projects now ;)  and you?
have just started watching the whole series again... my niece has never seen it, so i am introducing it to her (she has clearly had a deprived upbringing)... so excited about the movie!
hey jon, how was your day?
hello everyone! good to be back!
@rose create a second kickstarter account and just pledge at the $25 level.  but yeah, add-ons should be for every kickstarter.
it would be great if there was a "add an extra t-shirt" option.  my daughter and i both want one!
@no, tracy, no numbers in my mind! and no eurovision in my future, nonono!!!
@ lyz, i have family in dublin would have been great to catch up with them, alas, did you remember the numbers, it could be a sign! just dont get confused and enter eurovision instead!!!!
@stephen in england we call it the symbol # the hash symbol as opposed to the monetary symbol, i cant do as its not on my current keyboard, maybe thats why? i know here its called the pound symbol which totally threw me when we first moved here and i was trying to use the phone on an automated line.
@tracy, would you believe i dreamt of winning euromillions last night. the first thing i did was funding a private airing in dublin , only for backers... why dublin?why not in paris? don't know, it was just a dream alas!!!
i don't know why people say hashtag when they are actual typing the pound sign.
@lyz thats so sweet, got my uk bank statement today, only have 15 pound in there, sadly i dont have a pound sign on my laptop keyboard.
oops, 2000$! i must be thinking of you, tracy!
more than 2000£ an hour... okay, worth the confusing frustration!!!
that's what she said.
i'm okay for crazy, just like it faster
ride the crazy train.  wheeeeeee.
well, it can be confusing, here you are sharing a topic, and when you want to add to the conversation, the topic changed. confusing and frustrating, and more now that i had a taste of skype...
@lyz it's not you.  it's weird.  i think the most recent comment doesn't age until someone says something else.  or something.
the same thing happens to me lyz.... don't know why...
i can't understand the time reaction of the comments there. it can't be the board updating only when there's a new one, because sometimes i answer to one, it appears on screen immediatly above the one i answered,  and 15 mn after there are three or more of them between the question and my answer. or is it really slow? or can it be because i'm not in us? thoughts?
@stephen what sort of sorcery did you use to come to that conclusion?  we made $1,800 in the past 15 minutes.
@tiger it will go back down again
there we go.
$223 in half an hour.  that's not good.
would someone drop the nyc premiere and after party
@tracy yeah someday i will have the money to live alone. thanks for the support it's just rough going at present. :)
@lyz thanks. :)
@tiger yes, i see that, i hope  the amount won't go down again and thet we'll reach 4;38 at the end of the day
hi kate, maybe some good ear bugs could help: a nice dress to feel better, earplugs to feel peace!
we're almost at $20,000 so far and there's over 10 hours in the day left.
@tiger, okay,. i tried that too early in the morning (at home), i reached about 20000, but when i came back the amount was down again with 500$ less, ... maths can be boring all right, but when they can't be trusted, there's something rotten ... somewhere!
@leslie  sorry, i misread that.  i'll keep an eye out for fans that have austin tickets.  i was initially bummed that we didn't get the los angeles premiere tickets in time, but then we found austin to be the way better option.  are you on twitter.  i can message you on there if someone posts anything. do you have the premiere package or the premiere/after-party package?
@lyz i checked out kicktraq, divided the current total for the day by each hour already passed, then multiplied it by the remaining hours and added it back to the total of the day.  i guess i could also just multiply it by 24, but eh.  this just in, math is still boring.  film at 11.
@ tiger, how do you do the maths? to reach 33000$ today, i mean
have you guys seen searching for sonny????
@ kate sorry about your living arrangements, i was lucky enough to have my own flat when i was young and loved my own company and now that my room mates are all related to me i still try to get away from them in the evening to enjoy personal time. my 15 yr old currently has four friends over and they are watching doctor who two floor below me but i can still hear them, they are talking such rubbish so loudly bless 'em.  hope the dress if you get it turns out to be really cute!
looks like we're making at least $33,000.  i think we do better in the evening, so maybe more.
you have good roommates and bad roommates?  do you live across dimensions and do the bad ones have goatees?
@tiger wow. that sounds nice. :) i wish i could just go live with my dad like veronica does. sadly my dad is no keith mars and that would end terribly for all parties. four weeks and i'm free and i can go home to my awesome roommates whom i adore!
@kate i was always so against living with roommates that i went out of my way to live alone.  it's expensive, but i can hang out in my underpants and have the bathroom whenever i want.
@tiger sorry. : / i can't understand why i have trouble living with people i've never met. or rather, why they seem to have such problems with me.
ah, i see.  i went to mcdonald's after that not so good friday i had.
@holly m  i'm in houston. :(
@tiger it doesn't, but it helps me feel better in a shitty situation.
@kate should i ask?  how does a new dress prevent your roommates from being less sucky?
@leslie we have austin tickets too.  i'd say keep them unless you're near los angeles.
i really really want a new dress to deal with my roommate problem, but i am using up my disposable income on this. worth it. :)
@holly oh my goodness yes. moonlight was fantastic, but lie to me was so creepy and so good
clearly that tier wasn't as popular as they thought it was going to be so they've eliminated a portion of it. i predict we will see new tiers/rewards at the <$200 levels, particularly in the amounts of  $45, $60, and $150. rob and his team are not stupid, they have access to the same information we do (and probably more) about the average pledge amount (via kicktraq) and the demographics of the backers and fans of the show. they know that the average backer is within the 20-30 range, likely with limited disposable income and therefore will be looking to bump up the total amount via a large amount of smaller donations.  thoughts?
@ gabriele kristen addressed that. she said that the first 1000 were fun and the rest they would just soldier on. they will do this over a couple days or so.
@kcharles, that's what i think. they are mover 4000 signed poster at the moment if i counted right. can't imagine how they will do that.
i also hope it has something to do with new rewards/ goals being announced soon.  :)
@cosmic law of supply & demand, the fewer amount available, the more valuable the goods become and therefore more desirable. i'm betting it actually has more to do with the fact that it's 2000 less posters to sign though.
@cosmicbob that makes so much sense i couldn't work out how the total left had gone down so fast!
anybody want to trade austin for los angles premier?
they cut down the number of $200 rewards from 5000 to 3000. it's almost sold out now.
i watched lie to me, when there was nothing else on, but i made sure i watched that episode. his performance was brilliant. so creepy and it was in that performance that i think i understood fully how psychopaths/sociopaths (can't ever remember the difference) who become serial killers are said to be charming. brilliantly creepy!
everyone keeps talking about jason's performance in moonlight, and he was great, but one of his best performances (other than the role of logan) was his guest starring role on lie to me.  wow!  his performance made my skill crawl, and i just sat there astonished at the fact that he's hasn't booked a lot of roles since vm.  he's had the occasional guest starring role but still... :/
ahh, cute!  ugh, stupid airport blocks the signal from abc, so i can't watch castle live.
it was on spoilertv last night funny but a little cruel so a perfect prank for april fools
guten morgen, queso cojones.
hmm, i haven't seen anything on that. although based on nathan fillion's past reputation for giving fans heart attacks via twitter on april fools, you would think that they would know better.
@allegedly a page was leaked with the finale details saying castle was avenging alexis death. a total spoof but for a short while it was manic our there
good morning everybody! back at work on this lovely silly day.  @tracy what's this about castle fans being spoofed?
@kate have to confess even though i have lived here for years i still get all my news from aunty beeb but do love loads of your shows!
so i'm confirmed for the la premeire and after party but missed the chance to switch over to nyc when it opened up. i'm looking to see if anybody who has the nyc premeire and after party is interested in swapping. got confirmation that this should be doable so just testing the waters to see if any of the nyc premeire/after party folks would be more interested in la.
@tracy it's the same in the u.s.
@kate i agree the bbc get silly and i can't trust a word they print today and castle have already spoofed their fans their was a load of screeching over there last night but they caught on quick bless em
happy april fool's day. silliest holiday ever.
@lyz it's easter monday in the uk and most people are off but here in america they are reluctant to highlight any one religion. i was surprised as i thought that was what they came here in the first place for i thought i was going to be awash with religious holidays and was really looking forward to it. but no even less bank holidays here!!! outrageous. i worked in a school in england and we covered them all it was great.
who tagged this as a comedy? just goes to show you there's always some moron trying to ice skate uphill.
they say, we gonna reach $6.7 millions!
did someone else see the kicktraq site? http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/# there are statistics for every kickstarter project. check it out, it´s very intresting!
@balabanto, yes it does, i'm celebrating mimouna tomorrow night, lot of yummy food and bread... i'll be making my own bread...
@lyz for us, passover ends tomorrow.
@ how come holydays are finished for you? today is off for everyone here, no shops open  except bakerys and chocolaterys of course... that's the 3 days eastern weekend for everyone, christian or not
@tracy that's why i chose that. they had to rerelease the movie with a new title screen, i believe.
@ lyz not bad, back to reality after a nice week off.
we are at 64.000 pledges, woohooo!!!
hi, tracy, how's morning after easter sunday going?
@balabanto freewilly was released in london, and yes we sniggered like six year old schoolboys.
(it's not really surprising that the digital download is going to be through a company like flixster that will only let you play it through their software....warner brothers don't want to give us a drm-free file that could be distributed anywhere to anyone)
guys firstly it's flixster. "flixter" is not the name and does not exist. and on flixster, yes you are able to download the movie to your computer to watch offline, so no, you don't have to stream. you do however hqve to download the flixster desktop player software to watch the movie. keep in mind however that countries outside the us are probably going to receive downloads from local sites and not flixster.
anyone have any experience with flixter and can comment?
@colincroft: i didn't realise that. i hate streaming, would prefer to be able to have a digital copy i can download and watch when i am not online as i don't always have internet access. but i am getting the dvd copy as well. i know that isn't an option for some people though. damn, why are things so complicated
i'm very concerned at the small print about the digital copy being "distributed' through flixter. as far as i've been able to research this means that you have to stream it (i can't on my connection) or else install flixter's software to play it. this is not what i thought i was signing up for - i want a version that i can play on my tv via my media player!!
i am so sick of good/addictive shows getting cancelled that i am very reluctant to jump into new shows for fear of getting hooked and then having them taken away. i mainly rely on word of mouth and prefer a show to have a few seasons up its sleeve before i invest my time. i miss the old days, where shows seemed to get a bit more of a chance before being axed  :(
@ holly i have seen the pilot presentation now seems great!!!
@stephanie i saw the full pilot presentation of body politic, and i thought it had a lot of potential. it had a diverse and talented cast, but you know we are talking about the cw, so they usually didn't make the right decisions... i was looking forward to seeing jason play that type of role. it's all on youtube in 4 parts i believe.
@michael i received a message from rob, and he said there will be more stretch goal and rewards soon, so hold tight  :)
our totals would really go up if we had this open to asian fans. they can rally like nobody's business because of their sheer numbers! c'mon rob!
@balabanto yes, yes i know. it's entirely too provocative sounding, but it's about 4 young people who work in a sandwich shop, hence the hero part.  it does have an r rating and quite a bit of nudity though. (btw, it wasn't released in theaters, it was a film festival production thing.)  @tracy it is on netflix if that service is available to you.
this is like releasing "free willy" in london.
really? 10 inch hero? really? they really made this movie? and people didn't laugh it out of the theatres?
@kcharles, i have not but i will add it to my must see list on your recommendation.
@tracy @ backup have either of you seen jensen in the movie "10 inch hero"? it's fabulous! he has a multi-colored mohawk, wears a kilt and is just in general so darling that it will make you giggle. the film also stars his now wife.
@candice it was a great premise for a show and i loved the stories although it got a little lost in the second season sadly, not sure what station it was on i was watching it on sky in the uk but im betting the network fiddled with it as usual. has anyone else noticed that the signed posters available have gone from over 2000 available this morning to just over 200 now?
dark angel was the first show i ever obsessed over. i used to record it with my vcr. lol
@backup i am declaring for team dean as well, i started to watch supernatural cos i loved jensen ackles in dark angel he was such a smart arse he stole that show!
i wonder if we'll reach 64,000 backers before the day ends.
so i woke to rob thomas replying my message here and thanking my support! happy easter everybody! :)
direct quote from a response to a  question i sent asking whether or not they were standing pat with the current tiers: "we're adding more rewards over the next couple of weeks." i received that message 3/28. so. i think we'll be set.  i just wish they released stretch goals; i can't help but think they would've compelled people to donate more. but i think at this point we can safely say there won't be any :/
the last two days will spike. count on it. there's procrastinators still out there, and there's others like me who won't pledge their max until the whole project plays out. there will be at least one more round of new, possibly higher tier perks. i'm very confident in 5 million :)
i hope we see a spike with more tiers of things etc. i would love to see this go to 5m
@tracy. i do remember. i'm very team dean
@kcharles it's possible, but only we have a massive spike at the end.  we can deal with 20k a day if we make $450,000 on the last two days.
@kcharles ive seen the "pudding" episode, i like the alias' that they use they are heavy metal types, most of whom i have never heard and have to look up, so even a genre show can educate! @backup it was the one where dean was tryng to be all nutty in an asylum, i know theres been so many episodes they all get mixed up.
$24,632 was pledged today... and we lost a $5000 donation...  invite all your friends to join the page or group (links below)! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/
if it not heading there after another handful of days maybe they can explicitly add a stretch goal and update trying to nab another couple hundred thousand or whatever listed as guaranteeing socal?? (that goal might get to realize more $ is still needed and yet it wouldn't make it sound too bad if it failed and would still leave it open to shooting there anyway if they got a bit extra from somewhere else somehow)
easter may have cut down on things though so perhaps it will jump a bit tomorrow and the next day??
realistically it's not heading towards $5mil unless something happens. people keep forgetting how front-loaded all the bumps for something of this nature are and how fast they tail off. man, i hope it doesn't go sooo far and yet end up just like 100k-300k shy of being able to be shoot in socal. looks like it is heading for maybe $4.45mil. if it doesn't pick-up i wonder if they can and will add maybe a chicago premiere and after party to nab another $125 or so? perhaps just enough to let them shoot where they want to? i mean maybe it will have a spike again for the last day or two, but this seems more like a front-loaded project.
@backup  pudding! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@tiger i know you've been keeping a close track on the counter and its trends, so i wanted to ask. realistically, do you see us making it to $5 million?
@kc i've seen every ep of supernatural at least once and don't fry that ref so must fail as a fan so vm wise. what do we think rt has planned to get this to 5m and above
@ tracy @backup yeah, the supernatural fans are a special kind of people. my friend got her boyfriend hooked and he is working his way through the seasons. he called us while we were in the middle of ikea, screamed "pudding!" and hung up.
if every backer on here was also on the facebook page, the page would be huge and would most definitely get noticed! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 and the group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
looks like we're going to beat my earlier estimate of $23,000, even though we lost a $5,000 pledge.
@tracey i love supernatural but have never been on their boards. now i think i'd be scared to do so
@kcharles, isn't that the truth!
@kcharles i have never come across any castle fans although the show is excellent but supernatural fans are crazy, they really go at each other on the spoilertv site, bless them, and they seem to be very intense and well organised. im impressed by their dedication but they are a little scary!
@dimity i watched legend of the seeker and thought it was great fun, i love fantasy sci fi so it was right up my street. my husband is a little harder to please but he really liked it too. maybe it was kahlans costumes, they did get saucier as the show went on!!
i'm eating supper too! spaghetti alone in my apartment.... :p
off to get some supper, will check in later tonight. bye my lovelies!
@mansah- a truly excellent point!  i encourage you to watch more castle, one can never have enough nathan fillion!
@kcharles - i agree, but what i am trying to say is that because the number of fans is generally smaller than mainstream shows, the fans almost need to stick together more to support their show. there is nothing like being the underdog to rally people to a cause.
just getting home from easter festivities, and noticed the conversation topic on here--did anyone ever see the whole pilot of body politic that jason was in? i think it went into pilot production the year after moonlight was cancelled (could be wrong), but it was great. it starred minka kelly, jason, jay hernandez, gabrielle union, brian austin green, and was set in dc about a year after obama's election. all of the main characters were up in comer's in their respective fields. the cw passed on it in favor of mischa barton's (?) (girl from the oc) about models that was cancelled after one episode. at one point you could find it online, and when i found it i downloaded it to my computer.
@kcharles -i have never seen much of castle but it doesn't surprise me that their fans are overall a great and humourous bunch; i can't imagine otherwise for a show starring nathan fillion:p
just checking in for the day... the total seemed a little low, then i noticed someone gave up the theater rental. darn! this would've been a pretty solid day if not for that!
@dimity  i think the definition of 'cult shows' usually would indicate a close knit community of fans... jk i've also had some good experiences with fans of more mainstream shows , for instance castle fans are a hideously hilarious bunch on the whole, and supernatural fans are intense. (though i suppose supernatural could be considered a cult show. thoughts anyone?)
@tigernightmare lol
i agree about books being so much better than their movie counter parts.
the show is collateral damage.  no victories for trolls!  rawrrr.
don't take it out on the show because of one fan!! give it a chance if you like fantasy shows. of course, if you don't like that genre, you probably won't enjoy it though. unfortuately, i seem to like shows that aren't mainstream. and then i have to loan out copies to my friends because they have never heard about them. and then they get cancelled to early!!! i am starting to spread the word about vm again to a whole new bunch of people i didn't know last time it was airing. i know the show will sell itself as soon as they see it. it had me hooked straight away, and i was very skeptical at first as it was set in highschool, and i was so over that phase!
i've never seen legend of the seeker, but i vowed to boycott it because i ran across a particularly nasty fan trying to spread awareness of the show while being extremely rude at the same time.
i like the books and the show. i just see the show as more adventures for the characters. and tv shows can never cover the depth that books can. but i would still rather see more fantasy/sci fi shows on than reality tv. that is also why i am so glad that vm is getting a movie: cult shows have a much more tight knit community of fans than mainstream shows, so the excitement created when something like this happens is amazing.
i used to watch legend of the seeker it was a great show.
read the sword of truth series by terry goodkind!  it's what legend of the seeker is based on and it's amazing.  i hate it when people say this, but the books really are waaaay better.
i watched legend of the seeker when it aired. i loved that show. i was watching reruns on hulu. i am still a little mad about its cancellation.  i watched jericho on netflix. it's a pretty good show. show i heard netflix wants to bring it back.
has anyone here seen legend of the seeker? another show that was cancelled too early. apparently quality plays no role in the decision to keep airing a show or not...
i think i watched a couple of episodes online, but it didn't really have anything to draw people in and keep them there. i was sad to see moonlight canceled, especially after it won a people's choice award, but i think the most devastating thing of all, was that alex o'loughlin went on to make that absolutely dreadful baby film with jennifer lopez.  at least the hawaii 50 role isn't quite as bad as that.
i don't remember anything about new amsterdam, so i'm gonna guess that i never committed to it.
i think i watched a few episodes of new amsterdam on hulu.
i tried "new amsterdam" but it was really slow and boring but i loved "moonlight" sad it was cancelled
i think the new amsterdam guy was immortal or something but not a vampire?  i'm not sure if that's the same show you're talking about.  but i don't like hawaii five-o.  i gave it two seasons and was just bored the entire time.  the cast is way too good for the material they're given.
i read the sookie books before true blood aired. it started airing the fall after moonlight was canceled. i think twilight came out that summer too. i never seen a twilight movie or read the books.
i loved moonlight. it was kind of fun how they combined the noir private detective story with the modern vampire bit. it is a shame that it didn't get a proper ending, but at least we can still see alex o'loughlin on hawaii 50. do y'all remember the show nbc had on around the same time called "new amsterdam"? it was roughly the same idea, vampire detective, but it didn't do nearly as well as moonlight.
@kc no, i missed that.  that's interesting and they made the best recasting ever. @candice even though the books predate moonlight, the whole secret vampire society thing hit tv before true blood did and they did it a lot better.
i watched moonlight for the first time two weeks ago. it was before it's time.  the world went vampire crazy right after it was canceled.
moonlight was really good, cbs is so damn stupid. that show was getting 8 million viewers a night on a friday night no less and for some reason that wasn't good enough.
@tiger speaking of jason dorhing in moonlight, did you ever see the pilot they filmed with an old guy as josef? it was dreadful. the fact that a thousand year old vampire was being played by such a young handsome man, made his snarkiness so much better.
not many comments here, is it easter bunny hitingagain, overdose of something-cola, shock from the sudden blow to the numbers we didn't recover from yet? a mix of it all?
dr. brown's is a good soda but they use corn syrup. it is only $1.75/12 oz at a deli i go to. i sometimes find it in austin for $4.50/ 6 pack
that is not too bad. my orders are usually $80 +.
i pay almost $19 for a case of 24 bottles at costco.  they charge about $1 a bottle at the grocery store for the other stuff.  the generic brand has real cane sugar and it tastes alright but it's not the same.
i assume its the same recipe. i prefer mezzo mix as soda in general but living in the us it costs me $6/liter.
pepsi throwback tastes exactly like mexican pepsi.
50 % pepsi throwback here
don't mind me, my brain is 50% coca-cola right now.
well, i guess not, unless they charge over $100 a ticket.
i sure should, too, would ask an american friend to do it for me!
someone who owns or manages a movie theater should bid on that and then advertise early screenings of the film.  that's a pretty good investment.
@ tiger if i had the 5 grand i would buy it.
someone gave up the theater rental.
holy crap, you're right.  boooo.
hey, did the numbers just get doxn by 4000$?
@tigernightmare - yes that might be an option actually, cheers!
checking the counter is addictive and checking in on what's going on here. i am now going to find other ways to occupy my time, when this is over.
@jan maybe you can have an american friend pledge on your behalf and they can forward it to you and you can reimburse them with paypal if need be?
hi guys, i made my pledge, but boy would i have splurged for a kristen bell voice message! no can do for a european kickstarter?
if we only make 20k a day, we'll make just under $4.6 million.  but i'm certain we'll have some spikage in the final two days.
let's hope r.t. will get new tricks next week to boost the numbers
i think that the last days will be pretty eventfull....
hi everyone, @elisa i do too, but at the moment 4, 34 would be good, i like to see the percent number climbing... one
i think if we don't make it to 5, we'll get very, very close at least.
i think we'll get close!!
.... i really hope so....
anyone think we can make 5 million by the end?
looks like we're going to make about $23,000 today.
ringer was ok. wrong for the cw.
ringer was a flawed show, but it's easy enough to get into.
i loved moonlight.
i'm a big, big, big, big, big big big big big fan of season 5.  spike added a great new dynamic to the show and every character had a lot of great moments, like wesley vs robot dad, everything to do with illyria and fred.  i could have done without the mexican wrestler team episode, though.
i didn't watch the ringer, it didn't seem interesting. was it?
@tiger i've seen all of angel but that was years ago when it was on tv.  i don't remember everything as clear as day, its been a while but yea i always loved faith/angelus/angel lol. did you like how it ended? the last episode? i thought that was awesome.
i liked ringer.  the thing that happened with jason dohring's character was a big surprise.
people know jason was in sarah michelle gellar show last year. wasn't great. but buffy. and jason.
@lilly did you watch season 5?  i'll agree that some things in season 4 are very controversial, but i enjoyed much of it, especially the faith/angelus episodes.  and while no one was a big fan of connor, how they ended his story at the end of season 4 was extremely satisfying.
i guess i'm putting moonlight on my watch list
@lucienne i thought last season was a little slow but overall good. they release the trailer for season 6 and it looks good. i hope it is and picks up a little.
season 8 is in comic book form. i hear it's way better than 2-7.
@tiger but thats what true blood is all about its like that in the books!! i loved angle but i just got restless towards the end, like cordelia was becoming ridiculous he son was getting on my nerves idk i just felt like it was going away from what it started out to be. i felt the same way about buffy towards the end i got restless. but i loved that show too.
they need more stretch goals. like 30 million gets a new tv season after the movie is over.
yea true blood is boring me too.. liked the first few seasons but now i just can't keep up anymore!
i might need to check moonlight out. everyone saying its pretty good.
@lilly whaaaaaaat?  that last season was a bang up job with a heavy emphasis on character.  with true blood, it's just an insane mess with tons of boobs.  i'm hoping this next season has a much stronger story.  i hope the writers are bored of mass orgies by now.
moonlight was fun! too bad it was over so soon..
@lucienne lean back.  they can't see you from the edge of their seat.
@lilly yeah, the fans were really disappointed it ended.  but it made a star out of alex o'loughlin, at least.  it's too bad he hasn't been in anything as good since, though.
@tiger no way???!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love true blood, angel started lacking towards the end of the series.
@ mansah, that really is awful for the person watching with you, who sees it for the first time. just by paying attention to me they know something's about to happen!
it was no angel, but it beats the hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh(wheeze)ell out of true blood.
@tiger no, it lasted 1 season right?
i watched serveral episodes of moonlight .....jason is really an amazing actor ...
did anyone watch moonlight?
@mansah i like it. :)
@tiger it's jon snow @lilly it's the cute guy from game of thrones. :) @elisa i love jason dohring's performance. he is an amazing actor.
ha arya and veronica, they would make an amazing team! they would get out of any situation
are you guys talking about game of thornes? i looked up the names?
in my defense, they call him 'bastard' more than they call him jon snow.
thanks, lucienne.
@kate, personally i rather see her and arya stark setting up some vengeful agency squad...
@ lilly his eyes are always so full of emotions....i don't know how to explain but jason' eyes add something to the story :-)
you mean jon snow? the 'bastard' from got?
@lucienne -i'm in a similar position... i managed to make a friend of mine watch it and everytime a character i loved would appear i got all excited... worse, when there was a scene i loved i'd laugh or squee in anticipation...
what's the "bastard"'s name again?  i keep forgetting people's names between the all too short seasons.
ned stark's indefatigable son.
@elisa i agree. @kate that is true, agree. and who is robb stark?
yeah me too can't wait to see all the characters again! i've been rewatching with my sister and every few episodes i'm squealing as i see another favourite reappear :-) and my sis' is like, ok... shut up, don't spoil things! but it's just exciting to see them again ha
@lilly neither would i, but i'm just pointing out that i trust rt to remain true to the story no matter what the endgame ends up being. :)
logan is so much more..... :-)
i think veronica and robb stark would make a nice couple.
@kate i wouldn't like that at all lololol but i'm not writing the movie. ^_^
@balabanto from watching s3 and all the behind the scenes stuff it was obvious rob intended love to be endgame. people love the characters together because of the chemistry and robs writing. but he was the one that gave us hope every season we just followed his lead. i'm not saying everyone has to like them together you can ship whoever you want, i just always get the impression with your comments that people just love them for no reason, because he's a bad boy etc etc. but some people see more then just a bad boy, see how much they mean to each other, other characteristics and depth in them that maybe you and others don't. neither are wrong or right. its just a matter of opinion
logan could throw himself in front of moving traffic in frustrated unrequited obsession with veronica, as long as it makes sense in the plot then that's fine. (i would be devastated, mind you, but i would understand)
@kate hear, hear!
romance aside i do help the root of the movie sticks to the core that was season one. loved everything about it. and i just want to laugh my ass at all the amazing characters while watching veronica mars solve whatever mystery brought her back
and yes, i believe veronica should wind up alone.
i would actually be happier with rob's excessively grim ending that he supposedly is rewriting. :)
lolololol @tiger "duverrhea?" if i had to chose anyone for veronica to end up with besides logan it would be leo.  logan always in forever in for me team love!!! haha then leo & duncan. i can't stand piz so hell no!!! weevil & wallace seem more like big brothers to veronica for me. i love their friendships more then anything. troy yea he was cool before he went all escape druggy lol but he did change and got himself together so if he stayed on that track i'll put him behind duncan but i just don't see them together anymore. team love!!
i'm not going to be mad no matter what. we are blessed to have this movie at all. i couldn't be happier that it's happening, and if there are no sequels at least i can say goodbye to a beloved show. we are so lucky to have this opportunity, i'm not even worried about the outcome of the movie or the romance.
correct, my friend.
duverrhea?
that sounds like the reaction to bad sushi. if you know what i mean.
who that.  hello, first draft trigger finger.
that person who that lilly quoted wants duve to happen in the movie.  yikes.  yikes, i say.
@tiger that is the first time i've ever seen that name lol!!!
eek.  duve is a thing.  how is that a thing?
@kattressa is mine.
on another note a lot fans defended rob to that person and sent rob encouraging tweets :)
oh boy........... "@agnesnutter definition of fangirl--i'm preemptively getting pissed off at @robthomas for not having the veronica mars movie play out like i'd want it." "robthomas .@agnesnutter this, of course, is my greatest fear. 63,000 backers. 63,000 different movies desired." i don't like seeing rob pressured :( i have my preferences but i would not tweet him an angry tweet like that. i just want rob to write a story he loves and would have wrote if wb backed him with the money and not the fans.
it makes me love vm even more to know that rt is a fellow texan. let's get him the record-setting number of backers he desires!
i got twitter to follow spoiler tv originally and im hopeless on it and have no followers as i dont really know how to use it. i should do more with it really but am rubbbish with computers my name there is @niamhoisin
i'm scgirl_at_heart on twitter :)
@stephen rodriguez. its called the veronica mars podcast. it's the most recent one i think. @don knowlton. followed!
hi everyone. i've tried to back away from the counter this weekend.  for vm news et al i'm @backupismydog for other non vm stuff i'm @nyccabgirl
i'm @tigernightmare, but i'm a bit commitmentphobic when it comes to twitter, so i hope no one minds my not following them.  i kinda need to get to really know people first.
you can find me on twitter at @donkvii  though i don't tweet to often.  i do tweet items from my ebay store about 4 times a day, hopefully not often enough to annoy anyone.
question: does anyone have twitter? post your name we could follow each other. marshmallows unite! haha. btw, i was so stoked when kristen bell responded to me. i was bouncing off the walls. lol. @jram23
"the song has been featured in movies such as the replacements, igby goes down, clockstoppers, flushed away, little nicky, foolproof, delirious and man of the year. among the television series it has been featured on are numb3rs, six feet under, daria and chuck. a very obvious variation of the song is used as the opening theme song for the american version of the game show cash cab. the song was also featured in season 7 of dancing with the stars for cody linley and julianne hough's tango performance. for many years it has been the theme music for the bbc radio phone-in show 6-0-6. it has also been featured in the pc game le mans 24 hours by infogrames in 2002."
i dunno, if the artist/estate is willing to allow it, it could cost very little.  the dandy warhols are notoriously lenient with their song usage.  bohemian like you was used as replacement music for the wonderfalls dvd because the original song was too expensive.
unfortunately, with the still relatively low budget for a movie, rob probably can't afford to put to many of those songs in the movie. it was nice hearing chicago sufjan stevens, i'd sort of forgotten how much i liked that song.
happy easter guis !!!!! hope you ate tons of chocolate!
watched the film noir laura yesterday, it was epic.
so i finished my series rewatch... you can say a lot of things about s3; but man does it pick up in the last couple of episodes... the bitch is back has got to be one of the best of the entire series... @kate -welcome back :)
i can't describe how happy/excited/proud i am to see this movie finally come to life.
i wonder if rob thomas is going to put these songs he's tweeting into the movie.
@tiger thanks!
welcome back to the internets, kates.
i'm still asleep.
i'm so excited they expanded to australia!! i'm so poor at the moment but there is no way i couldn't back the project. this movie is going to be amazing no matter what they decide to do with the plot. i'm so excited for the possibilities!
happy easter marshmallows! i'm going to sleep and watch game of thrones because it's my only day off this week! hope everyone has an excellent weekend.
@ernest welcome aboard, you're obviously awake, where are you?
wow so glad to contribute and see how the project has taken off...you will probably need a million dollars to send out all the pledgers gifts.........hopefully someone has thought of making a veronicamars calender too.....that would be kool... ..expecting a good movie......stay in good health cast and crew and congrats on the baby to the happy parents
@jennifer -very snazzy t-shirts! loving the dollhouse appreciation. i loved that show and it really had a lot of potential. still, we got the epitaph episodes... it's easier to live with a cancellation when something you love has been given a sort of end.
wasn't really when i had my trial.  this was before they started adding stuff you can watch.  free standard shipping is good enough.
i shipped a tv with saturday shipping for $4. worth every penny. students get a year free or at least used to and then up to 4 years for half price. $39 a year is worth it and $79 will be too.
*for prime
i'm too cheap from prime.  but i did get free 2 day shipping for like four things for my one month trial.
stephen rodriguez 16 minutes ago now i want to watch dollhouse again ... cool1
@ tiger i do have prime because i am a smart man.
@stephen the blu-rays are considerably cheaper than they used to be on amazon. you can get both seasons for about $45 and you can stream them for free if you have prime.
now i want to watch dollhouse again
whoops, joss :)
fox meddling in a josh whedon show, that never happens
i'll go with great.  too much fox meddling, but great, all things considered.
yes dollhouse was slow to develop, it's joss's way but i think it was a great show, or at least could have been
@candice i highly recommend the dvd or blu-ray of season one.  i think those first few episodes were re-edited to bring the show closer to joss' original vision.  but it does take its time to develop the characters and plot.  there's also some phenomenal performances, particularly from olivia williams and fran kranz.
jennifer if i'm your first follower i'm honored :)
i think my favorite is the "obligatory psychotic jackass" bumper sticker, but the "unicorns save lives" t-shirt is a close second.
tiger, that's because you and i don't have the mind of joss whedon, trust me he has a whole arc of stories for doll house in a movie or series in his head
if it's vmars swag you're looking for, check out cafe press. there's 15 pages of merchandise. http://www.cafepress.com/+veronica-mars+gifts
i stopped watching dollhouse during the middle of the first season.
@don i'd see it, but after epitaphs one and two, i don't know what story is left to tell besides some inconsequential in between stuff.
am i the only one who wouldn't mind a dollhouse movie, just sayin
@don...you might be my first follower!   i'm still trying to figure twitter out.
yeah coffee mugs would be awesome
also, i want mars investigations coffee cups as a reward.. i would totally up my pledge for that!
mac: hey, did anyone else hear there's gonna be a matchbox 20 reunion show? piz: so? rob thomas is a whore. mac: yeah. - hey, did anyone else hear there's gonna be a veronica mars reunion movie? - so? rob thomas is a whore. - yeah.
cool,  i want one, just retweeted it and followed you on twitter too, jennifer.
@tiger nightmare - you need to patent that.
@tigernightmare... laughing right along with you...at myself. ain't no shame...  ;)
@don here is a mock-up...  :) https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/318215144507338752/photo/1
lol jennifer , i like it!
"i designed my own t-shirt and all i got was this stupid t-shirt."
@don - you could modify...maybe a black t-shirt with a different vm quote (another of my favorite) "who's your daddy" instead?  that seems more masculine!
@stephanie i found a website that lets you make your own shirt: http://www.uberprints.com and used my own clipart (which i'd be happy to email you if you want!) i figured that even wearing a bright green tee brings attention to my favorite obsession: veronica mars!
@jennifer where did you order the shirt from, if you don't mind sharing? i've been wanting a v. mars shirt and/or gear for a while, and the movie is a great reason to go all out!
rewatching the series again but its been awhile. i forgot how many awesome actors have done eps. jane lynch was on, as well as adam scott, theo rossi (sons of anarchy) plus piles of people whose names i don't know but recognize from other shows. but by far the best guest star ever was paul rudd. he was hilarious in his ep. even the music was decent.
$34,142 today... not nearly what we've been getting... but no new countries or incentives today... https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ invite all your friends to join the page or group! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!!
@tiger i sent you a message on skype
cool  jennifer, not sure i could pull that tee shirt off, maybe not secure enough about my own masculinity, whatever, lol ,enjoy!
so excited i ordered myself a shirt with one of my favorite vm quotes... adding it to my "always take backup" shirt.  by the time the movie comes out, i intend to have a collection of them. https://twitter.com/thatjenncheng/status/318190301753778176/photo/1 young at heart? more like "kid locked in a grown-up's body" here!
welcome, rachel. i wish everyone would do that.  then we'd have a trillion dollars.
cool rachel, i haven't seen the show since it was first run , but looking forward to the movie.  i will start watching the original series soon, but only once a week.  i want to make the enjoyment last a while!
i heard about this project, then watched all 3 seasons for the first time, then pledged.  fantastic show.
@lilly i like talking with everyone here, but sooner or later, one by one, people are going to stop coming by. skype is a way to hang onto this community so they don't get away.
awesome! @lais that means we can all chat and comment during and after the movie has filmed :). you hear that @lyz @tiger??? party on here during the summer while they film veronica mars the movie!!! whoop!! whoop!!! haha
and thank god there's no video wallpapers, otherwise i would spend way too much time looking at my desktop!
it's my thesis for my undergraduate degree which is due on may 3rd. it's nowhere near ready and the professor who's "helping" me keeps ignoring my e-mails. but it's on digital marketing and how companies can use it to turn profit and i'm doing a case study on dell.com.
yeah wouldnt that be cool if you could have video wallpaper on your computer so you could work and watch vmars at the same time?  distraction ya think?
i finished my work!  now i can go home.. the deadline is dead!!! woohoooo!  im going home!  gnite everyone!
what is your thesis on lais?
also, i noticed that in this one successful project, backers are still allowed to use the comments section even after the project's been completely funded for a year: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/597507018/pebble-e-paper-watch-for-iphone-and-android/comments
i like the poster. it looks clean and professional.
3 hours later and i have nothing to show for my thesis... but i saw those movie posters you guys posted and they're awesome! so someone with photoshop skills should also do a veronica mars movie wallpaper! because that's what i really need right now!
i would say make both of them official posters. then sign one of them and mail both to the backers who got those tiers.
yea, that poster is pretty cool. @mansah i like that one too especially veronica little smile haha ^_^ but i think the first one is better.
which podcast? there are several.
@jose ramirez -will definitely check out the vm podcast, thanks for sharing!
this one's cool too https://twitter.com/alexp13/status/318033897474637824/photo/1
there's a free veronica mars podcast on itunes! it's nice to hear it... and it looks like they're doing a podcast every week on it. i love hearing fans talk about vm. i may just download season 1 and watch it with them...
@lilly, i love it! that should totally be a poster!!!!! even better, the main poster! :)
@lilly, thanks, very nice!
also, loving that rt tweeted about the voice overs... i think that's one of the things i really miss about series 3, there are way too few of them.
@lilly -loving it!
very cool, lilly!
https://twitter.com/alexp13/status/317532638627897344/photo/1
i like it!! rob thomas tweeted "can this be an official poster? mt @alexp13 took matters into my hands #veronicamarsmovie @imkristenbell @robthomas pic.twitter.com/gnc23wrhwl "
i am so excited about the movie.
wesley wyndham-pryce
@tiger what picture you have as your icon?
@lilly i'm not sure if groups can be found, but i'll add you when you add me to your contacts.  don't worry, i won't bug you.
@tiger, i loved "who's your daddy?" but botvmmk will do ok, what's important is that we have a back-up place to meet, and that'sthank to you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@tiger how do i find your group on skype?
poor piz.
hello!!!!!!!!!!!! jon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @lyz well tell how you really feel?!!! lololol ^_^
i just changed the name/topic to backers of the veronica mars movie kickstarter.  i thought i created it with a title and a topic, but the title was only visible on my end.
@jon, right!!!!!!
@ lilly, no worry here, a lot of us have one of these, i'm sure you remember mine lol though, i looked for the english translation of the french word i use to describe piz, i found dull, bland, flavourless, tasteless, insipid, and they all work for me!
@lyz  hi five!!  kudos to  tiger for doing that!!
tbc... and i'm on my way to be more in love with this project than ever!
tyger has done it!  we now have our own skype group, named "who's your daddy", so wa'll have a place to meet when things end there!!! and i'm on my way
hi lilly!!!
and now i'm talking to myself haha ^_^ i'll come back later lol
does my dislike for piz show? lol i don't know why i can't stand that dude. out of all the people that have been on veronica mars piz and jackie are the only 2 i can't absolutely stand. hahaha i just can't ugh.
there's been a lot of movies made for 5 million or less that killed at the box office. if you have a good writer and director then everything else will just fall into place.  rocky, mad max, my big fat greek wedding, halloween, napoleon dynamite, friday the 13, saw, paranormal activity, the blair witch project etc etc might be more idk but all those movies were 5 mil or less some under 1 million and had a huge box office result.
just watched s3 episode 1 and i'm dreading watching the rest because i know how all the growth that had happened to the characters in season 2 will disappear into crap lol. and i seriously had the stank face at seeing piz. lol
@lais, good luck on your thesis... if you find a way to focus on that despite this here page let me know, because my work effort has seriously decreased since the launch of this project...
im working on wire harness drawings and i was supposed to paste that into a table after i copied it.. but i went to skype to copy my skype name but it pasted that in there and i hit post to fast!!]
@jon, is that a part of your presentation , confusing work and fun are we lol?
@lyz jgbena1963
that was supposed to paste in the other window
@lyz you can change it when you edit your profile.  i had my full name on there when i signed up too, but i just changed it to match my user name.
oops
schematic reference page(s): 20004ab-096.1, 20004ab-108.1
@tiger, i just added you on .. well, you're the first! i don't understand why my full name appears, why did i have to choose a pseudo? @jon, what's yours on skype?
@candice thanks for the info! :)
thanks @jon and @lyz... it's been a fun afternoon watching the counter go up (8k since my pledge earlier today!!) but i should probably go and try to work on my thesis, the counter on that one is ticking faster than our vmars movie project! see you guys later once i'm done pretending i'm doing any real work today!
they made  my big fat greek wedding for 5 million, and it is the highest grossing romantic comedy  ever.
@jon and lyz my skype name is ...drum roll... tigernightmare.  there's some imposters on there, but i'm the one with wesley wyndham-pryce as my avatar.
@lais, in my understanding, rob thomas said his real goal is 5m, he set it up at 2 because that's was the minimum deal with wb. but of course, the more the amount, better the movie... we're all waiting for stretch goals to help
@lais, im sure the rob will tell you... especially since that's a very interesting question.. click on the "contact me" button and ask him that question.. im sure he'll respond to you.
@tiger, you were right, it's easy, i've just done it. my name here will be lyne.z, btw lyne is my real first name.
i want to know if we're on the right track to making sure they have enough to make a good movie without having to sacrifice too many cool scenes...
i would love to know what's the standard budget for a romantic comedy movie, i mean, regular ones not valentine's day and new years' eve which probably spent more on the huge celebrity cast than anything else.
@tiger  whats ur skype name ill look you up
@lyz...  well juss cuz ya said so!!!
@jon great! and you said it, that's exactly what i want, a nice smooth transition!
@tiger, don't know any of them, but i'll try, and i'll see...
@lyz, tiger  yeah i want to stay on here too until it ends... but lets have a plan while there is still time so we can have a nice smooth transition! @ lyz  im in
@lyz skype isn't very complicated.  it's just like other instant message networks like aim or icq, pretty much.  i only started using it last year, i think.
* but i'm not so smart with technology  i have to anticipate...   see, my computer is acting out!!!
@mansah yea, that would be a smart and clever way to put in characters that are impossible to bring back. having the tinseltown diaries playing in the background or an old movie etc etc being clever would work. :)
@tiger, of course, i want too, when i said "we'll go from there", i meant, i'll see if i can understand how it works on my own or if i need some help (from you for example): someone here  told me (michael, i think) we were all nerds so i was one too, but i'm not used to this word so i wikipediaed it, i sure love mathematics, and use my computer a lot for many things,  used to but i'm not so smart with techhave to anticipate  so i 'll be ready when and if this forum closes!!! hope it was clearer...
@tanya i just checked something i backed last year and it looks like comments are open forever.  but most people don't participate as much as when the kickstarter was active. @john doe the first 9 tiers are available in several countries, including the digital download of the movie
@lilly; i agree, if i had to choose i'd rather have a coherent, fabulous story without even if it means missing out on some awesome characters (let's face it, most of them were). but i'm hoping some can be smuggled in through backdoors and whatever... such as having the aforementioned tinseltown diaries showing on a telly somewhere... i mean, come on, i'll take even the introduction tune to that episode: https://www.youtube.com/watch… i loved how no one ever had any qualms about watching or talking about it in front of logan... dick, wallace! also thanks for sharing the michael muhney tweet :d
any chance to have a digital only reward for international users ?
happy birthday to jason dohring!!! dying to see him and the rest of the cast in the movie.
does this forum close after the project has funded or when all rewards have been given?
kinda wanna stay here till it ends.
@all, who's in?
@tiger, jon, and all interested, okay, i'll download it tomorrow while north america is asleep (and hopefully having sweet dreams), and we'll go from there...
way to go!! @ angii
im not fond of fb either
@tiger skype group would be great!  and you can use it on mobile apps too..
michael muhney (sheriff lamb) tweeted this march 30> "i'll have nothing to do w/the vmars movie but i am secretly cheering for them to hit the $5million mark in the remaining 14days. #myoldteam!" :)
i'm 3 days late, but yaaaay they can finally ship to uk! and i just backed; so excited :d
@lyz well, people just download the skype app for their platform and create an account.  i guess i would then create the group, then whoever wants in can look me up and add me as a contact and then i can add everyone to the group and we can text chat in real time.  there's also voice and video chat, but i don't have a cam and i don't think i'd be into that, really.
i want rob to bring back everyone he can realistic bring back and they have to make sense to the story. i love a lot of characters rather they were good or bad and dislike a couple who i prefer to never see again lol but don't just bring people back just for the sake of bring them back rather dead or alive. they have to have a reason to be in the story.
@tiger, how does it work?
@lais @jon, i'm game, maybe we can share photographs of ourselves wearing them from strange places anywhere in the world!!!
@oi lyz! we'll find other boards to share our collective anxiety over the movie! specially once we start getting our rewards and the behind the scenes scoop. maybe we can do some sort of video montage once we all have the t-shirts!
@jon, great idea, but i'm not so fond of face book, got another possibility?
@jon i've been thinking about creating a skype group.  that would be the easiest to do.
@lyz, tjhat's why we should all who wish to continue should agree on a meeting place where we can all still stay in touch after the time is up here!
happy birthday jd, take care of yourself, and, not to be obsessed here, bring us back a logan more witty and funny than ever! please!
oi lais, sure we have! only 13 days... i'll miss this board and the fun here... but well, still 13 days 7 hours and 24 minutes, then a fantastic movie in the making, let's rejoice!!!!!
it's jason dohring's birthday todayyy
thanks so much for cc!!!!!! =3
@lyz and we still have 13 days to go!
hi everyone, new and all, i'm back after a few hours, 4,3m are reached and passed, numbers are sill rising, creative imagination is going stronger by the minute... i can't say it enough, i love this project!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@mansah thanks! as long as there's love... :)
also, that was my second 'on board' in a row, i need a better vocabulary ;)
@lais -i'm pretty much on board with you... :d
also, totally on board with the wish to see weevil with a better ending... and wallace and mac being awesome!
i would like to see a high school reunion turn murder mistery dinner party, though. you know, they're all enjoying seeing each other after 10 years of radio silence and trading barbs. madison is giving half the room trips to the dentist, dick is being, well... himself, mac is fabulously rocking her new haircut (see the actress in grey's anatomy), logan is surprisingly not dead or arrested and is actually quite successful, wallace finally got a nice girlfriend and veronica is still the angry woman we all love, perhaps as a photographer instead of a p.i. fighting crime and cheating husbands. anyway, all is going well, friendships renewed, classic feuds still going strong when the lights go out, somebody screams and... really, i would watch anything, though, i would watch the kickstarter video as a movie, i'm not a picky audience, really...
@chris.   welcome!  thanks for joining! @lais   deal!   i'd kinda like to see the nuclear submarine though!
man, i would have loved a lamb cameo... but i'll settle for some aaron echolls, even if he just figures as background tv -this would be a good time to show new tidbits from the tinseltown diaries: the aaron echolls story...
from his twitter account - unfortunately it's not a perfect world, not everything works out exactly the way i'd hope or wish. so, it is with great regret & sadness..  max headroom ‏@michaelmuhney 21 mar ...that i will not be a part of the veronica mars movie. i'm so happy for you fans. you really deserve this movie, as do the cast & crew!
@tanya he said no? hm... bummer... but at least we still get to see the majority of the cast, right? i was a little worried that there might be no wallace, but the print screen of the script rob posted calmed me down. and i would really like to see if weevil got a better ending after the show. @jon i think we would need like 10m pull off your script idea, though... might get in the way of the nuclear submarine plot, but if you make veronica mars president by the end of it... i'm game!
just noticed international shipping got added, great work everyone that sorted that out, i'm now a backer and looks like a lot more people are too!
perhaps sheriff lamb's twin brother who has been away fighting in afghanistan comes to neptune to find out what happened to his brother....  and and while he is in town he has a run-in with a mysterious drug cartel guy who was the real muscle behind the fitzpatricks business.  when the brother misses his coffee date with veronica to talk about his brother.. she gets suspicious and puts her skills to use blowing the lid off a drug cartel that involves the us senate, the president and the russian mafia...  and and and....
@ lais - i so agree with the whole tv dead, but i think the actor that portrayed lamb already said no.  maybe a montage of all the characters that died?  at the reunion, a memorial?
even if we don't get that nuclear submarine jason dohring and i have been dreaming about, i still think it's going to be a really good movie. i mean, he's basically setting it in neptune high, which was the place we all fell in love with the show. when in doubt, go back to the beginning. plus, i'm super excited to see clemmons and veronica interact, plus a cameo by sheriff lamb would be appreciated... i mean, there's dead and there's tv dead, right?
s a tur day night
we're poised to make $34,000 today.  it's better than it's been, but it could be better.  awareness is still a thing.  people who don't use social media or read a lot of entertainment news will be the hardest to reach.  has anyone posted flyers or anything?
@ robyn goldman   it's saturday night
ok... why did the counter stop again?????????????
hey!! its the shrunked arduino guy!  how you doin!! @open source rf
congrats on all the success!
this is definitely going to be a 5m+ picture!!
@lais  oi!
hi
hi.
ok, i'm a new backer, long time lurker.. wow this adrenaline rush from pledging really is a trip! it was a small $25 dollar pledge, but every little bit counts, right? i've decided to pledge once they included my country (brazil) on the rewards list, and then i had no internet for almost 2 days! but 4,3m... wow... i really love my fellow marshmallows...
yay 4.3 million.
come join us in giving the backers a place to meet up and bringing more publicity to the campaign! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
there it is"
and the numbers keep on climbin'!  $4.3 million, this is so awesome!!! i can't wait for the movie! :)  **must rewatch entire vm series in preparation**
@ samaya, tanya - it really was too good to resist! so lucky to have been checking my email just after the update was sent out! :-)
yessss :-)
$4.3 million! i love it!!!
4,3:d huzzah!
i created a group for the austin premiere marshmellows. join if you so wish. https://www.facebook.com/groups/431194123632847/
almost there
looks like we're gonna cross into 4.3 within 15 minutes or so.
@balabanto, hi! hahaha!! you're right, though french people tend to think that n.sarkozy's is even bigger... let's say, bigger than brazil lol?
feels great to be a backer now! amazing, we´re reaching 4.3 million now! i´m very happy to see this couter going on and on... great!!! greetings from germany to all vm fans ;-)
@ samaya - i will be there!  i too splurged, it was too good to resist!
@lyz there arr a lot of places that are bigger than france.  one of them is francois hollande's ego.
so i splurged and grabbed a movie premiere  (los angeles) ticket.. who else is going? see you there!
@ lyz - thanks, i am about a 7 hour drive from where rt is.  i too hope we get to at least 5.5 million.
@tanya, i'd ask if you live near rob thomas, but i do know texas is bigger than france, so it's not given!
yes!
hi adrianna, the numbers are rising slowly but steadily, and yesterday was the fifth higher from the beginning... though there'll be no updates today  to boost them up, the numbers are still rising enough to hope for 4,5 at least before the end of the week-end! tanya, tx is texas, right?
@lilly, me too!!!
@lyz thank you
13 days to go, i really want to hit 5 million before this is all over with.
ooh!  almost $4.3 million.
it is 10:15 am here, i am in tx.
@lynne, okay, so you're 5hours later than france, where i am. i never remember what time zone is earlier or later.... sleep well, wish you a great day tomorrow!! hi tanya, what time is it in your part of the world?
i am in western australia so it is 11pm saturday . a bit earlier than normal for bed but  am expecting a long day tomorrow
morning!
hi lynne, what time is it where you are?
i should be going to bed but i keep popping in to check the total  , roll on 4.3 so i don't sleep through the easter celebrations tomorrow :)
ahoy mateys, anyone aboard?
rewatching the series is really making me think someone clever should make a gif or a meme or whatever with all of dick's t-shirts... all i could find was this...  http://www.fanpop.com/clubs/dick-casablancas/picks/show/967328/favorite-dicks-t-shirts
to all involved in making this movie ... a big thank you
again so excited!!!
btw these signed posters: they are up to about 3400 at the moment. i'm sorry for the cast.
thank you mansah, next update: pdf shooting script + updates : all t-shirt 25 to 275 digital version 35 to 275 physical dvd movie + doc 50 to 175 movie poster (not signed) 75 to 175 blueray/dvd doc 100 to 175 all three seasons 175 + 275 (not 200) poster signed 200 + 275
@gabriele, the digital version is included in the $275 pledge
have to correct myself: pdf shooting script + updates : all t-shirt 25 to 275 digital version 35 to 200 (not 275) physical dvd movie + doc 50 to 175 movie poster (not signed) 75 to 175 blueray/dvd doc 100 to 175 all three seasons 175 + 275 (not 200) poster signed 200 + 275
@lyz you are right. indeed i used my excel (only up to 275 $) and can tell:  pdf shooting script + updates	: all  t-shirt		                                  25 to 275 digital version			           35 to 200 (not 275) physical dvd movie + doc		  50 to 175		 movie poster	(not signed)		100 to 175		 blueray/dvd doc			75 to 175 all three seasons                       175 + 275 (not 200)			 poster signed				200 + 275 please correct if necessary. hope it helps and mybe it makes the team thinking if this is what theiy wanted.
@balabanto & tigernightmare, re the backstory... i'm kind of envisioning the holes may be filled by introduction flashbacks... as in the first couple of episodes.... we got a lot of background information on the characters smuggled in with a 'let me introduce you to duncan, inge etc' or other 'establishing the background monologues'.. can you not picture the: 'come on logan, you remember exactly when you last saw me. you were beating up mafiosos etc etc' at the big high school reunion... i think it can be done in a way that will give the fans answers and will not confuse new viewers...
*also i can't spell * physical*
@gabriele the 'blueray/dvd combo" refers to getting a physical blue ray/dvd copy of the new movie. the three seasons  of the tv series are available on phisical dvds to get the signed movie poster ,the blue ray/dvd combo of the movie and the 3 tv series dvds  the pledge level is $275 (as i read the tiers i have been known to be wrong :))
australian fans, keep showing support by liking this page :) http://www.facebook.com/veronicamarsaustralia
i'm guessing they probably don't know what all the bonus features will be -deleted scenes, interviews, the trailer -stuff like that? i think it's what is going to be on the dvd when it comes out anyway, except we're pre-buying it...
@gabriele the combo includes the movie plus the documentary. and tne 275 pledge includes the t-shirt  plus the 3 seasons, plus... well, i just checked and it's not so clear, what are the bonus features?. maybe it's better to ask r.t. for clarification ...
200 $ what is the blueray/dvd combo if not the three seasons?  i guessed rt was bored to write every time "you get everything above + ..." , but i thought this was his point. am confused now. we should make a list of al rewards.
okay, i'm not fully  awake it seems, not enough to read , must be all this hours on board lol gonna get one more cup of ooffee....
the $200 pledge does not say 'you'll receive everything from above'. @jessica, i interpreted the pledges the same way as you... $275 if you want the 3 series on dvd as well as the poster...
@jessica, gabriele is right, and i was wrong about the combo thing: the 200$pledge includes everything from the lower pledges plus the signed poster.
@ jessica by my reading you are right and will need to pledge $275 to get the signed poster and the season dvds . another excited aussie.
@jessica isn't the "blue ray/dvd combo" including the 3seasons? you could ask r. t.  using the link next his photograph, but anyway you can only pledge once per amount.
@jessica first sentence says "you'll receive everything listed above"
i have a question. looks like the $175 pledge has the three seasons on dvd but no signed poster, and the $200 has the signed poster but no 3 seasons on dvd. is that what you guys see? if i want both i have to spring for $275 right?
@tiger nightmare: it doesn't go back more than one generation. you are right about that. the question is what it's purpose is, and why is that important to the overplot of veronica mars. :)
i've been watching this kickstarter since the beginning, and i still can't believe it is actually happening.
good night.
good night all! i get to go home from work early, but just as the conversation and speculation was getting good.  have a good weekend!
@balabanto some sort of organized crime ring?  i doubt it goes back more than one generation if their stupid kids use it leak sex tapes.
@tiger nightmare the castle is not what you think it is, tn. it's not a club. it's something else.  i think i've figured out exactly what it is, but the problem remains of explaining what it is and why.
@balabanto i don't really care to revisit the secret society.  they were pretty exposed when veronica and logan were through with them and their little club probably fell apart shortly afterwards.  as for veronica and piz's relationship, it was never meant to be, obviously.  i'm fine with keith going back to being a pi.  the core of the show was the underdog us against the rich and powerful them.  he needs to start charging more than $40 an hour, though.  what else was there?
the problem is that "the bitch is back" now casts a dark cloud over everything. all the issues brought up in the bitch is back need to be resolved in the film. and if they're not, we're all going to be pissed. yet, we know rob can't do this.
in season 3, i have always liked the episode called mars bars, where veronica is in jail. and then the episode where veronica almost gets her head shaved, the episode that @midnight mentioned where she catches mercer and then the last episode the "the bitch is back".
i was hoping that dean o'dell would be replaced by some relative of the kane family, so he would be dean kane. and then dean cain would play him, and all would be right with the world.
they really did!  save for maybe lucky...   ms. james, ms. dent, dr. landy, whatever the fbla teacher's name was, dean o'dell, even mr. rooks, (before you found out he was a statutory rapist), all great characters.  clemmons took awhile, but he grew on me too. the show had some great casting.  i wish my college/high school faculty had been that likable
@midnight i think the show did a great job with faculty characters.
season 3 wasn't my favorite by any means.  but the scene where logan takes a bat to a cop car just to share a cell with mercer is one of the best scenes of the show. too bad they immediately follow it by offing dean o'dell.  i always liked the dean
@tracy thanks!  it took me awhile to appreciate the name (i hated it when i was young!) but i do like it now.  except for all the people who ask me why i changed my name to a movie character, which makes me sad in my soul.  americans don't read enough, apparently!  and i like the name tracy :)
you have cool parents @galadriel. glad you were a girl too. our arwen could have been something dodgy as well. i was named by my grandmother and teenage aunt so first name is irish and i use the english super commen  name most popular of the year i was born not much fun being a tracy
the name makes me think it's the name of one of the evangelion angels.
@tracy- yep that's my real name :)  my parents were very big on lord of the rings.  if i had been a boy i would have been gandalf! so thankfully i turned out to be a girl!
i do like how aaron gets out and then gets what he deserved.
it was one of the best death scenes on tv. lol.
@stephen you gotta admit, his death was pretty funny, shooting at his own reflection before getting shot by the bad guy.
thanks michael! and yeah i stopped there because i knew things were going to take a sharp downturn.  that's the good part of the tv universe- you can preserve it at the good parts forever!
@galadriel i have to ask, is that your real name? because my niece is called arwen and both names are so beautiful
"as i'm concerned, veronica and logan are together and happy!" man! that's where i should've stopped! welcome aboard, galadriel :)
while re-watching vm, i have decided don lamb should have been "eradicated" earlier in the series. it was bad enough we had aaron. the end of season 2 where lamb arrests weevil at graduation. the biggest dick move.
yay!  i'm helping!  i'm so excited for this movie.  i haven't watched the last half of the  third season yet...just because i can't bear to watch it end!  so as far as i'm concerned, veronica and logan are together and happy! i'll watch it start to finish right before the movie comes out :)
i have 93 comments and i've been here since midday on the first day. mostly posting nonsense and fangirl stuff but learning new stuff too. it's great fun.
@tiger that sketch was funny. i did it in my head in an english west country accent as that's just the sort of gobbledygook they come out with when you ask them for directions except they often say daft stuff like turn left at burts place! like you are meant to know burt, bless 'em!
@ tiger i am talking the first hours of the first day
@courtney the 5th day?  i'm not sure. @tracy i would post a link of this 20 year old snl sketch that reminds me of if it was anywhere besides hulu plus.  but there's a transcript. http://snltranscripts.jt.org/92/92ibestway.phtml
@elizabeth or at least some strategic viewing parties when the movie comes out. i would love to plan on seeing it with other marshmallows, or volunteer to host a screening at home.
i had hoped for a vm calendar. maybe rob can still add it to one of the pledge amounts for an extra $15. i'd be willing to add an extra $15 to my pledged amount in order to get a vm calendar :)
convention?? = brilliant!
@tiger when did you start posting your comments?
yeah; i've got 125 myself lol
@tiger oh one of those odd addresses. my daughter's college address out west is a grid reference. what's wrong with a nice street name? plus everyone here gives directions by north south etc.  do i look like a boyscout?  where i come from we give directions by pubs on the corners of streets!
over 200 of those comments are mine.
there's only like 10 of us spamming the comments.
yay! giddy with excitement about this movie.
@tigernightmare i know that there was a big boost in the numbers with pledges but with all the comments it seemed like it would be more
@courtney we've made an average of 106,000 a day more in the past three days than the previous three days.  i'd call that a lot more.
@courtney - i think most people had already pledged anyway. upping the pledges might not give the same bump as if you were pledging for the first time.
i am not trying to upset anyone but i would think after all the comments about pledges being made available in other countries the pledges would have raised a lot more.
@jon: i'm thinking no one would want to come to a veronica mars convention in new hampshire anyway :p
i think i'm gonna miss this thing when it's gone. i was getting angry with a stupid online submission form, and so i decided to come here and look at the counter so i could get happy again. :) also, i can get a t-shirt and dvd now, so i'm even happier. :)
@tiger - not until sunday. :p
glad to see the growth today. i hope tomorrow is a good day too. yay 63,000 backers.
the projection cone also shot way up.  it's between 4.8 and 5.8 now.
@jon: oi! :d
average pledge has risen to 68 dollars!
@chris, i agree!
@michael... lol!  alllrighty then!
also, 63,000 backers! sweetness!
a convention is a fantastic idea. someone more ambitious than me, dooo ittt!
if any show deserves a convention it's this one.
@chris, i want us to have a veronica mars convention!  las vegas maybe!
winter is coming.
@marilia  hi!!!!! =)
@tiger  i have slain 7 out of 11 dragons.. 4 more harnesses to check and approve!  think im gonna do one more and call it a night, then come back in the am
wow, two updates today!! cool!! and the numbers seem to have gone up pretty well. yay!
veronica mars backers are the best ever.  let's do this every year!
@jon rise up and strike down your oppressors.
@ tiger, sorry man, hopefully they understand and give you another shot!  17 hours now still here... :(
we raised $123,369 today!!!!!!!! woohoo!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ invite all your friends to join the page or group! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!!
sometimes it takes a day for paychecks to clear. only two more to 63000!!!
wow, we made more money than yesterday.
@backup they're good at ruining a party.
@tracy thing is, i have gps.  i was told to find 5015 s. ih-35, but it wouldn't let me put 5015 in, so i had to copy some google maps directions that weren't as helpful as i needed.  turns out that i can find 5015 i-35 just fine.  ih-35 is somewhere else.  it was like my destination existed in an invisible pocket universe.
@tiger nightmare call them and ask for a nearby landmark. put that into your gps instead.
@blind monkeys with dementia don't do much well.
@tiger i hope it all sorts itself out my dear. i'm the gps queen myself so i know where you are coming from. getting around can be really confusing
i swear, the roads in this town were designed by blind monkeys with dementia.
@tiger. you should be ok. things like that happen. try not to stress it.
thanks.
i was supposed to appear at a thing to fill out forms and have my fingerprints taken for a job.  but i got lost and couldn't find the place.  i'm hoping they'll still take me.
@tiger, i hope you have a better day tomorrow.
sorry you are having rubbish days. i went for a paddle in the sea today  but we have an 11 hour drive home tomorrow so not looking forward to that.
@tiger.. mine is still going on... 15 hour day so far
hey, kids.  hope your day was better than mine.
@tami if annie cancels, you're elected.
so sad i missed out on premiere tickets now they are available to us internationals. you have to be lightening quick to snatch them up. i am so happy that the total is still going up though!!! i am sure we'll get to 5 million!!
@meredith - same, i'm not at my max pledge yet just in case there are other perks!
@michael southwick, i will be one of them. i do not plan on upping my pledge until i have seen the whole process.
$5-6 mil seems about right... count on the last 48 hour surge. there will be procrastinators!
g'day @amanda-jane! welcome aboard!
hello from australia! super excited to be involved and cannot wait for the movie to come out <3
if no goals no new countries 4.8
on social media strategies: facebook has this think called "talking about this" which measures how many people (in a 7 day period)  have interacted with a page such that it creates a "story" through: liking, sharing, commenting, posting on a wall, mentioning the page in a post, etc. the current number for that is 17, 991 for the official page, which excedes the number of people who actually liked the page by about 1,327. this is good, but lets grow that number. it means that we are engaging others about the movie that have not yet been engaged enough to like the page on its own.  when referencing anything vmars, remember to link it back to the kickstarter and the official fb.
well, i've seen how things spike in the last 48 hours which is why i'm estimating 5.5 million. the mind, or at least mine boggles at the million level so there's things going on at that point i don't totally comprehend but i think it won't be 3 times the goal, but close.  they should have a healthy budget and it will be something that all of us are proud of :)
australian fans, check out this page so we can keep the numbers growing :) http://www.facebook.com/veronicamarsaustralia
the key to being an adult with a poster is to display the one poster and no others.
assuming no more added goals, i would say right at 5 mil
the race is on
what are we guessing this will end up at?  5.5 million?
@jessica i agree w/meredith.  if you don't have space in the hallway, hang it in whatever room you watch vm in.  tell people you're in the process of decorating your "media room" and are trying to only include the best shows and equipment.
@jessica i have a room in my house with lots of tastefully framed movie posters one will be removed to be replaced by the vm one an i'm a tad older than you. it will look grand wherever you put it.
@jessica marsh i feel like they key to being a grown up with a poster is to have it framed well, and put up in a hallway.
i really can't afford to keep upping my pledge like this. eek! had to spring for signatures, plus how could i resist all 3 seasons on dvd! not sure where a 28 year old woman tastefully displays a signed poster in her home, but i have a feeling i will figure something out.
haha, exactly  :d
ich bin ein marshmallow?
i'd love a european premiere. london, or berlin?
@balbano, i saw that but only after i posted.  it is having an effect, but it's not the vm movie board.  i think it's time for an  eye rx update.  also, i've been doing a good deal of emailing today as well.  i'm also used to facebook and a few other blogs that allow the writer to review and or edit a post before it goes "live."  my "post comment" finger is a little quick today.
@craig it's also affecting your spelling. get some rest, friend. the counter will be there the next morning.
@stephen psh, if they can make the sound work for concerts, i think they could work something out for a viewing. plus i've been out there to watch the rosebowl, and it worked alright.  speaking of tcu-tech relations, did you see the game last october? i was absolutely dying, we ended up in triple overtime.
no stephen, not drunk, just bleery eyed.  you typed texas tech, i read a&m.  my apologies.  no offense.  to much time in front of my computer screen is effecting my eyesight.
i am a red raider. i think you might be drunk. aggies are also the enemy. dallas is okay because smu is a joke at football and tcu is far enough away.
sorry stephen, i wasn't aware of that.  i'd never intentionally offend an aggie.  i bet we could find a suitable venue in texas station, if you're uncomfortable going into longhorn territory.
at this rhythm, rob better be ready for a little kb tasing ^^
@craig i go to texas tech. longhorn country can be dangerous.
@stephen, that means we're less than 40k backers away from a convention venue.  @kcharles, nothing against dallas, i've been through there a few times, but austin has a much cooler laid back vibe.  much more appropriate for vm backers.  i bet there's plenty room for tailgating and good barbeque too.  as far as i know, longhorns do know how to party.  we don't want to go too big; otherwise, it might turn into an amway convention.  very un-veronica.
so... is the movie releasing in the uk too then or what?
acoustics is the issue with open spaces
although, if we're dreaming big, why not a viewing at cowboys stadium? largest view screens in a football stadium, plenty of seating,  plenty of room for tailgating outside...
@craig & @stephen  my thoughts as to why the austin premiere has fewer tickets available is that it is supposed to be a much more casual affair, more of a celebration for rob, his family, friends and people that have supported the show and movie. as he is based in austin, it makes sense it would take place there.
@stephen dw just hassling. would be hard, if you set tickets at that price then you would need a lot of backers to make it even worthwhile... 12 days left.. tricky
@good evening, kate
i'm going home! see you sunday marshmallows when i get my internet back!
@ john i was just stating.
@ craig greater than 100,000.
@phil, so did i: i left for a while, i come back and the numbers are up by  40000$. and i'm very very happy too!!!
@stephen and? ;)
@stephen, what's the capacity of the stadium @ut austin?  they could show the movie on the jumbtron!  dreaming big !!
i blinked and missed the new rewards..wow! no matter jusr glad it shot up.
@john an australia premier would be somewhere greater than $2000
premier in australia please! then someone from la can get two tickets back :)
new rewards gone, less than an hour, congrats to all who got them
4.3 by the end of the day.
austin is much harder to raise the seat count since the theaters are not all that big. i just wish a couple more spots would open for the after parties.
tickets gone!
@michael i'd love to see that, but the pledges seem to be slowing down... i wonder if the powers that be are watching to see how much they can get, then adding more incentives...
and all tickets gone :d
kicktraq just updated. in the past hour we got over $68k new pledges from only 57 new backers!
$4.3 mil by the time the day is done, methinks... :d
tickets will sell out in less than an hour after they were added. nice going marshmallows!
want jason dohring's autograph +1
the new rewards are nearly all gone, have to say marshmellows are the best fans
i keep hoping they'll add a toronto premiere (i even emailed to ask) but it doesn't look like it will happen
@ kate also i want jason dohring's autograph....
@miguel i would love a london premiere!!! and i thank that should be possible. but lol camera in the shot vm oppsie!! season 2, episode 9, time in 28.15!!!
@miguel - as a lawyer myself, i assure you a lot of us aren't "normal" people. :) welcome to the marshmallow brigade!
there's an extra spot open again! wish i had the money!!!!!
somebody please get me jason dohring's autograph..... pretty pretty please
i assume the premiers are pretty darn expensive and work intensive for them.
@ michael, i know and my friend & i would prob be like complete prats anyway but once in a life time, i get premier and up again if i can get them
@ruth: my instinct would be no, as they'll already have 200 rabid fans there running amok. but i'll keep the faith with you :)
given the rate this tickets are going they should consider doing another premiere in a different place. i know one in europe is pretty much impossible, but i guess those would be sold pretty fast even if they were more expensive, given that most people that don't live in america can't afford the pledge value + ticket plane, but could easly travel to a country closer to theirs. maybe not, i don't know.
does anyone think they'll release more premier ticket but with after party
i love watching the counter go up up up! come join all the backers on facebook! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
@kathy - congratulations.  the ny premiere will be fun!
i'm crossing my fingers on meeting some of them at comic con. that'd make up for missing out on the after party a little bit :)
i am so happy that they opened up more premiere tickets.  i did get one of the ny ones.
...least expensive for them
i retract my guess of an hour for them to sell out. lol
i'm surprised they added more twitter follows too. but those are the least expensive
@miguel... thanks but i want the one with the after party.
@katrina a spot open up to the austin premiere in case you haven't noticed.
@backup - ha, i was just reasoning in my head, "ok, if i'm at a party with rob thomas, kristen bell, and jason dohring, i'm pretty sure i'll make the most awkward fool of myself anyway..."
they are going fast...
@ruth... you could probably auction the tickets if it doesn't work out.
hi live in ireland, does anyone know if red carpet event will be march definately, can't get april off work. don't want to buy if cant go
i was at subway when they added the ny premier and couldn't get my pledge to work on my phone, so had to borrow someone else's phone... ha!
@michael - exact same thing. i had just walked in.  and my  friend mocked me for dropping the $750
i was online right when they added the ny premiere, had to make a snap decision if i really wanted to spend the extra $250. darn me for being fiscally responsible!
yay 4.2!
@michael  - me too re kicking myself for not getting the after party.  we should see a nice pledge bumpo today.
i got the ny with after party, but considering switching to austin if a slot opens up.  given the extra 50 slots / 100 tickets ny will be more crowded.
an hour's my guess. but that'll be a nice $75,000 jump! i wish there were more after party tickets. kicking myself for not splurging when they were available...
how many minutes until all ticket slots are sold??
sweet! more tickets! more pals to join me in nyc! :d
@jon agreed!
@robyn,  i guess thats one thing that draws me to her character.. i am typically one who roots for the underdog...  im a sucker for hard luck cases!
i see what you're saying and looking at the question more closely i realized that being a lawyer's not so different from what she did on those years of high school and college, so i guess, like tanya said "it is a natural progression". she "quit" the pi business but in fact is doing the almost same thing.
@robin, to be a good prosecutor could help prevent miscarriages of justice... well, in france prosecutors are not elected, therefore they don't have to worry about public opinion? it must be different in us.
i've always seen her as working for project innocence or being a defense attorney. of course, she would only take cases of those she truly felt were innocent.... but that's just always been the way i've seen her. i could never see her as a prosecutor... too many innocent people put in jail in her history.
@lyz,  well maybe you can do a little digging!  i think m girls are very pretty =)
@michael, tanya  : she could be an a.da  too. for as much as she loved helping people, she also loved to bring the "villains" down. and was pretty good at it! sort of getting even for justice sake instead of her own revenge.
@miguel i am excited to see how  veronicas life has progressed and i totally trust rob thomas with her. he loves her more than we all do and he will write an amazing film most of us will adore
@miguel i’m with you (even with the language thing). i finished season three today and understood why fans were so upset about the not-ending ending. i think veronica will not be the same. fans have gown up and so has she. why not see a different veronica. i find it interesting to see how she may have changed.
@ miguel - i disagree about her becoming an attorney.  i think it is a natural progression.  she is smart, thinks well on her feet, and loves knowledge.  she also has a deeply ingrained since of justice and right and wrong.  all things that make a quality attorney.  plus, she was always helping people out.  which is typically what attorneys do.
@ miguel, veronica can never be a "normal person."  ;)  i'm moving out of state soon, but once i'm settled, i plan on catching up with the show again with my wife.  we're going to hit $4.2 million today!  it's all gravy at this point.  :)
@miguel who's to say she's a "normal" lawyer? veronia seemed very able to be rather extra-ordinary whatever she chose to do, and i can understand she would have a need for working the system from inside, "fighting the beast inside its belly" ,seing the mess she performed at the end of the show.
i just finished watching the show on monday. and i only took interest in it after seeing this kickstarter all over the internet, that's when i decided to learn more about vm and i ended up watching it in 5 days or so. can't imagine having watched that finale six years ago, without knowing if it was going to be a movie or not. you have my respect long term fans. on another note, let's get some vm discussion going. i think it will be weird (at least at first) to watch kristen bell as veronica mars again. it's just she's so different now and we're used to see (from the show) the young veronica mars always in an academic scenery. it will definitely be something different that what we are used to. plus, am i the only one that's a bit disappointed that veronica has left the pi life behind? i mean, a lawyer? that's just so not veronica. it's weird to think that she became a "normal person" but, well, it's understandable that she wanted to leave neptune after everything that happened. (i'm not writing in my native language so ignore any spelling mistakes. or correct me, since i like to learn.)
@jon, all the good parts i see... i guess i'm a mutt too, but a pure mediterranean one, my ancestors belonged to all  sides of the m sea ! yet i bear excessive cold  far more better than excessive heat, perhaps there's an unknown northern one somewhere in the mix, like a big hidden family secret, very very well hidden!!!
thanks craig, i know the queen gives out maundy money to selected peeps on maundy thursday as some sort of traditional ceremony. not really sure what that's all about probably b my should have listened more at school?
@sandy congratulations have a wonderful evening. we got married in january as it was such a quiet time of the year! well that backfired at least we had one june baby so she gets the outdoor parties the others crave.
hi everybody.  back after a short break to work on another project.  just wanted to interject something in connection to a discussion we had a couple hours ago about the names of the days of the easter weekend.  i contact a chaplain friend of mine who informs me that they are maundy thursday, good friday, holy saturday, and easter sunday for those that are interested.  saturday is also known as easter eve and black saturday in some denominations.   just fyi for those who might be interested.
@lyz,  i am a mutt =^d   mom was swede with german in the mix,  dad was a from south america.. so i am swedish sized with a great ability to suntan =d
@jon, your name sounds spanish, your mom was a swede, any eastern and western part in that interesting mix?
@sara  du ar valkommen  (im  totally cheating here using google!)  my mom was a wonderful blue eyed swede!
@michael i feel sort of.. pampered? spoiled? my friend cate introduced me to the show last fall (yes, fall of 2012).  so i got to watch like 3-4 episodes a night for about a month or so and i was alllll caught up, lol.. no waiting! i'm very fortunate that rob decided to make a movie when he did.  it's all still fresh on my mind and i couldn't be more excited! i'm super happy for (and envious of) all of you long-haulers.. your dedication is admirable :) as a side note, it wasn't a lack-of-interest that kept me from vmars for so long.  i grew up in a supppper conservative (religious) home, and in just the past year/ or two, i have discovered many beautiful tv/movie treasures: buffy the vampire slayer, the harry potter series, lord of the rings, batman and.. of course.. vmars.
@kate, "in the past"?!! lol...
@michael i've been watching since the pilot episode aired on tv in 2004. @tracy i didn't plan my kids birthdays well, either. my daughter was born the day after my middle son's birthday, and those birthdays aren't too far from their other brother's birthday, easter, and our anniversary. spring is a hectic time for us. feels like christmas all over again. in fact, my husband is taking me out tonight to celebrate our 31st wedding anniversary.
@michael, i watched season one in england then moved to america in time for season two and all those adverts thank goodness we got a dvr!!!!
i have been known for being talkative in the past.
@jon  tack =)
i my have a new fan. one of my old twitter followers wants to watch vm now. anyone have that streaming link handy? thanks.
@lyz not bad!  last night it was at just over 11%.. .. chatty cathy's aren't we!
i just noticed, the numbers are rising about evenly during the whole day given the international income, but comments do rise a lot more during when north america is up : we are at 11,80% right now!
@sara  walkommen!!!  i have relatives over there on my mom's side
@michael today i guess, i think, we could even get higher!!
@tigernightmare  cool!
@kcharles  i had forgotten those vmail messages. so great!  if he isn't some kind of smoozy hollywood agent i wouldn't know what to think... =)
feels great to be a backer! thanks for adding sweden.
yay for internationals! i've been waiting to throw my money at this project.
@jon i know francis capra wants in, so it's more than likely he'll appear.
@angie... who else has been confirmed?  is there a list somewhere?
@karina chow  ciao!!
so... more predictions! when do we break $4.2 mil??
sweet! in it for the long haul :d
@karina i do too want to know all the confirmed actors. i guess we'll find out some time in april
@michael s i started watching vm during its run on upn & cw.
i saw percy was confirmed
@karina sweet dreams!
night all!
that was terrible typing, "i'd guess that you are right" is what i ment to type. i had better get to bed it's late here in my part of the world.
@ michaeli'd guess thet you are right
i'm thinking some of the supporting players (like ken marino) are funding-dependent. though really, i'm just speculating...
@karina - the impression that i get is that they won't release that info until they know how much funding they've secured. so probably after the kickstarter campaign. though judging by twitter and the pitch video, it seems that enrico colantoni, ryan hansen, and jason dohring are all but confirmed. and rob basically confirmed max greenfield in an article the other day :)
anybody else remember logan's snarky witticism of the day on his voicemail? i always loved how idiotic he presented himself to be, but was actually quite intelligent. you just have to look past the sarcasm.
@karina good question.
@kate i wonder when we are going to start getting updates on who will definitely be in the movie
nice! i almost wish i had gotten into it later after it was off the air; then it wouldn't have seemed like such a long wait! lol. between trying to keep this and arrested development alive, i was driving myself crazy there for a few years...
i have been there since day one as well.  i have all the dvd's, because i got my mom hooked on the show and she had not seen season one.  i am also getting my sister and another friend hooked on it now :)
i've been there since day one.  i actually had a store bought dvr.  you can't find those anymore unless they have tivo branding.
it's probably been asked before, but i'm curious about who the most long-suffering fans are... who's been with the show since day one? i started watching when season three began; and until this project started i'd been google searching "veronica mars movie news" regularly ever since then :)
dax tweeted this about 19hrs ago lol> "@daxshepard1: lincoln bell shepard is here. she has mom's beauty and dad's obsession with breasts. hooray!!!"
rob t> @robthomas: season 1 upfronts in nyc. the day upn announced veronica mars was on their new schedule. http://t.co/y0sn56blpg
rob thomas picture tweet> "@robthomas: script progress. http://t.co/3nfe0pwpn3 "
@tiger i understand. @elisa i agree.  @kate thanks for the update! i'm about to watch s3 soon & after just finish re-watching s2 from what i remember i s3 i think one problem with that seaon is that it forgot about the character growth from s2. i felt like at the end if s2 everyone had growth and kind of matured and s3 kind i f started off like that but it lost it alone the way and everyone kind of felt like they were back in season one still growing up. if that makes sense lol we'll see if my feelings are still the same after re watching it but that's what i remember.
@lyz i have two children with birthdays at christmas so it's crazy in our house around that time but i love it and go way over the top my daughter born on the 26th hates it as her special day gets swallowed up so we have her party in january when i have another child's birthday. i'm really bad at planning children! my dad's irish mums english so our traditions have mingled  over the years
@tracy my children's father isn't jewish, and his family celebrates christmas too. as we're separated since their early childhood, my sons used to get gifts and great food from the two celebrations too.    and my  birthdayis the 23th of december... stomacheache and sparkling water diet for everybody in january!!!!!
donut run! ah duncan.
backup was right, i was being facetious.  but when you're a rebel like me, you treat every day like bad saturday.  also, donut thursday is never offensive unless you're diabetic.
@tracy, no worry here, and thanks, i'm having a great time. pessah ( litterally passover in hebrew), is a moment to try and put an end to any kind of slavery (inner, outter) one can be going through, and a time to celebrate freedom: i play piano (not very well, but i love it), and i allways seem to be more inspired to improvise during pessah...
the easter bunny will bring us chocolate of course.... a contract for percy daggs iii!
one of my best friends growing up was jewish, they had the best parties and yummiest food you guys don't do so bad in the culinary areas!!!! plus my son is totally bummed that christmas is just one day and hanukkah lasts for 8. he  is convinced he is being shafted!!!!!! way back in our family tree my husband has some jewish ancestry so the boy thinks we should celebrate both
@balabanto - lol - i think you can fend him off. (spoiler alert) he isn't real after all
@lyz that trip to tne dentist, though. last year the rabbit made me eat through a straw!!!
@balabanto, hey at least the price of chocolate eggs lessen after easter, so you can eat as many as you want without ruining yourself. and i do love matsah... and freedom is a great thing to celebrate...but i 'll be glad when i am able to bake again!!! anyway, this project is not only international but very oecumenic  too, and it's great!!
@backupismydog well, it's got to be better than the beatdown he's going to give me.
so what will the easter bunny (or any denominational good fairy) be bringing this campaign?
@matthew, i think that's because lent is related to jesus's forty day fast in the wilderness.  technically, in catholic and many other christian traditions, lent is seen as a period of sacrifice in preparation for the holy week/easter season.  @tracy, that's interesting.  when i studied in vienna, we used to eat something called palattschinken, which were essentially pancakes made with sour creme and had a sweet lemon sauce.  it's interesting how many food items are cross cultural.
sorry lyz  hope you are having a great passover
yeah. on easter, christians go to church and have a nice meal.... i'm jewish. every year, the easter bunny kicks down my door and beats the @#$%^%$#!!!! out of me.
i gave up cookie dough.....
*this time of the year
hey you all, don't be so cruel with the poor jewish woman who isn't allowed to eat any beignets, pancakes, donuts nor any bakery nor any french baguette or croissants during for four days more!!!  @matthew,the 40 days you talked about earlier made me think of the time the jews spent in the desert that we're commemorating at this time of the world.
that's just the same tradition as the uk except they use  dairy to.make pancakes. i have everyone over to my house and make them until they stop eating. traditionally covered with lemon and sugar
have to jump in on this discussion.  i think matthew's calendar breakdown is correct.  just wanted to add that in germanic cultures fat tuesday is also know as fasching or fastnacht.  in central pa. fastnacht is celebrated with donuts which were traditionally made at this time to use up the animal fats and sugar which were not permitted to be eaten during lent.   maybe that's where the donuts come in.  i also know that in the south during mardi gras they make beignets which are similar to donuts.
in the uk and ireland today is a public holiday it's good because jesus died to take away our sins so we can all be forgiven and live with him forever hence the good part so for believers that's a pretty great thing. fat tuesday or shrove tuesday aka pancake day was six weeks ago i've never heard of bad saturday! but monday is also a holiday and a lot of chocolate will be consumed.
@kate it's supposed to be 40 days from ash wednesday to easter if that helps too
well, not that's there not any bad saturday, but i've got a feeling the next one gonna be good!!
@matthew thank you! so it's 35 days in between.... i will remember that. :)
@ i never heard of bad saturday either!
@lyz you're welcome. :)
@backup. oh. well the coffee shop is closed today and i'm too lazy to walk to starbucks (also, starbucks sucks) so i'm a little slow this morning.
@kate the order is fat tuesday, ash wednesday...then thirty five days in between... then holy thursday (donut thursday can be offensive), good friday, saturday (not sure where the "bad saturday" thing came but its not a thing) and then easter sunday
@kate. there is a donut thursday. but i think tiger is being facetious twitter-style
@kate, thanks for the explanation, i'm not a christian so i didn't see the link, but in france they call it vendredi saint... about the script, first, thanks for sharing... second (no, first of first, really!!)  "camera pushes in on veronica as her jaw drops. we can almost see the exact moment of epiphany. veronica: well fuck me running..."    veronica not running???!!! god i love this project!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
also, bad saturday? that's really a thing? any catholics wanna jump in here, i am only going off my methodist upbringing and an upper level college american religions class i skipped half the time and was mostly about islam. so feel free to correct.....
there's a donut thursday? oh that's why the secretary brought in donuts yesterday!!!! @tiger no mardi gras (fat tuesday) and ash wednesday were five weeks ago, at the start of lent.
@tiger  - did i miss donut thursday again!
all these days happen in the same week, right?  there's fat tuesday, ash wednesday, donut thursday, good friday, bad saturday then easter?
it's time for another push! rt needs to add some more incentives. the campaign only has 14 days to go!!!!!!!!
anymore f bombs and that pg-13 target goes out the window, unless the mpaa really has changed the way they rate films.
@craig you're right. i'm just surprised literally nobody is here in an office of 40 people. all my other fellow interns in other offices have the day off. and none of the senators and representatives have been here all week cause we're in recess. kinda quiet....
but seriously, script update!!!!!!!!!! ah!!!!!!!!
@lyz i'm not sure who else does this, but american catholics/some protestants refer to the friday before easter sunday as "good friday" because that's the day jesus died on the cross. i'm not sure why that's a good thing though, but according to the bible three days later on easter sunday he rose from the dead and ascended into the kingdom of heaven.
@kate, there are a surprising number of people who do work on good friday, especially in government.  if i remember correctly, from my government employment days, it was a "liberal leave day", meaning that if you requested it you could have a day off, but it wasn't considered an automatic federal holiday.  on the bright side at least your internet is reliable at the office.
@kate i'm in the office too!  and all five of my guys are here with me..  at least the big cheese is gone and we are cranking the tunes!
script update from rob thomas via twitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! camera pushes in on veronica as her jaw drops. we can almost see the exact moment of epiphany. veronica: well fuck me running wallace glances over, notices veronica's expression. wallace: what? veronica's head swivels. she spots logan heading for the door. veronica is up in an instant. she catches up to him. veronica: come with me. logan reads veronica's intensity. he nods and follows.
@backup you are quite right! i also can watch old episodes of boy meets world sans interruption. ah easter weekend.
@balabanto, at this pace we'll reach 4.5m very soon!!! @hi kate, why "good" friday, not that it's not good, but why especially today?
@kate - at least now you can keep this page open without worrying anyone else will see.
and my point about duncan is.... what if duncan was murdered? that would likely upset both veronica and logan and pretty much a lot of other people in neptune. although it would make it a little sad for the kanes to have both their kids brutally murdered.
i find it amazing that you guys still use checks in the us :)
happy good friday! i forgot it was good friday.... so guess who is in the office today? just me and one other person. oops. happy friday y'all!!
hi everyone in the worldwide movement known as the kickstarter vm movie project.  a special welcome to our youngest member, lincoln bell shepard, who probably doesn't know or care that we exist, but is apparently "attached" to the project in a literal way.  it's good to see the ticker moving along.
@jon, hi! hey, be careful with "mademoiselle", it's usually reserved to young women, passed a "certain age", which i'm of since quite a while now, women feel you're calling them a spinster and they don't like it... don't worry i didn't take it like that, i never grew up anyway lol i don't know, about the weekday check thing, i just guess as backers hoping for goodies come now from every time zone in the word, there are more of them all the time: five days ago, the counter on the kicktraq page could stay still (or even recess) for several hours during north america bed time...
my bank lets me deposit checks by uploading a picture.  my old bank let me deposit checks at the atm (and probably massive layoffs for real bank tellers).  but earmarking fresh money in the bank is pretty useless for kickstarters that aren't going to end in a few days.  that money doesn't go anywhere until the kickstarter ends.  sometimes it's minutes afterwards, but something i backed before didn't take their money until about two weeks after.  i'd say that if you don't have a nice credit card that gives you reward dollars, just pledge the amount you want now based on your best guess and keep an eye on your balance until you get an e-mail that says your payment was collected.  if you think you won't have the money on the last day, change your pledge to something you can cover.  sucks, but no one should be putting money into this at the expense of rent, food and debt anyway.
today is friday, backupismydog. people get paid most often on monday and thursday, because direct deposit is a largely new invention as far as people's minds are concerned and a lot of people don't trust it. so you get big bumps on tuesday and friday, with people depositing their checks and knowing they have the cash the following day.
@lyz  bounjour mademoiselle  yes that makes me smile too!
@lyz - that is wonderful.  any idea why the bump today?  and good morning/afternoon
hi anybody awake, good any-part-of-the-day-in-the-place-you're-living-in, the numbers are rising steadily with a pace about 2000 to 3000$ per hour since morning in france, the project of the-never-ending-sun is obviously keeping strong... makes me smile!
good morning everyone!  meeting with china?...  done... sun rising? ... check... a cup of coffee so big i could swim it... check!  now i can start my day =)
this is fantastic. almost 4.2. think we can get 4.3 by the end of the day?
@anita, hi!  funny to see you not on twitter.  ;p
just upgraded.
@everyone who pledged at a higher level before it opened up for international backers, do not forget to add the shipping in case you forgot because it was not indicated at the time ;-)
just upped my pledge. glad to see a few other aussies on here that are fans as well!!!!
i got on board on day 1 with a $35 pledge, living in the uk i'm soooo excited to see the charging issues have been resolved. can't wait to wear my vmars t shirt with pride! since i'm stick at home after a recent car crash i'm now also doing the full marathon but it runs out too fast! i could watch logan punch that atf dude on repeat forever!
got closed captioning to work on ipads and on my iphone in landscape mode. (make sure you click the 'cc' button on the bottom right. it should show up when you're in landscape on the iphone.)  http://m.youtube.com/#/watch…
@lilly i agree with you... logan really messed up in that situation... but i've always loved logan's behaviour.. i think that he really has a big heart...
@lilly i feel like beaver's actions fit the story, but beaver's actions don't fit beaver.
aaron echols is a douchebag, logan really messed up destroying those types but i understand why he did it. having lily exposed like that would have been sad. in glad duncan had him killed lol sucker!!!!
@lj   i'm back to my ritual marathoning.  thank you so much!   <3
watching the special features on s2 dvd, rob said they had the idea of the bus crash, who did it and the clues by the end if s1. so anyone finding it hard to believe beaver was the killer rob already had it plan before the season even started filming. i guess it's a matter of how they wrote the character from start to finish of s2 if you found it hard to believe it could have been him.
@midnight: tvmuse.eu
anyone know where i could find the episode "of vice and men?"  the wb site keeps refreshing to "normal is the watchword" and the links on project free tv keep freezing up on me =( this has put a serious damper on my marathoning
only been away for a day, but it seems i've missed a lot!
congratulations to kristen on her new baby! will us backers reach $10 million for the neptune high 10-year class reunion to take place on the nuclear submarine?
http://www.youtube.com/watch… vm yt kickstarter video with closed captioning. sorry, not a professional and no copyright infringement intended.  (it doesn't seem like cc works on mobile phones, so it's desktop only as far as i can tell.)
i laugh at the fact keith always catches his daughter up to know good lolol. watching the episode he finds her in the principles closet lol, got to love veronica & keith's relationship lol
haha whoops. just realized i said "new goals", i meant to say "new rewards". guess i've perpetually got stretch goals on the brain.
@jlw thanks! well meg woke up and i'm guessing she was far enough along for them to deliver the baby via c-section when she died of a blood clot. i just found it interesting she & her baby survived the bus crash but anything is possible :)
$77,937 pledged today!!!!! hooray!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ invite all your friends to join the page or group! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!!
@lilly so i watched the episode with veronica and piz. v said they fooled around, l said i assumed you had sex because you where naked. i changed my name this is jennifer.   i don't know what kind of condition meg is but i don't know how likely a baby could survive if let's say meg is brain dead.
@meredith. thanks for sharing.
i don't understand how meg survive that bus crash, i mean i'm glad she did bc it gave a good story but idk just weird and the baby survived too. i guess anything is possible and miracles do happen. :)
i just saw this pbs video on the greater impact this campaign might have. it was insightful into some real hollywood numbers. http://www.youtube.com/watch…#!
@michael. thanks for sharing. i'm excited to see what they are
thanks for the info, michael.
this is all a new experience to me so i am excited to go along with the flow and see what the new goals etc will bring. thanks for sharing the news @michael
i am pretty excited because i just got a response to my question regarding new goals. we should expect new ones to roll out over the next couple weeks! not that i'm expecting to be able to upgrade to anything better than what i've already got....
blimey that's a terrible amount of dodgy autocorrect going on there sorry about that
i think that number i'd doable!
@michelle - double fine adventure had 87,142. so we need at least 87,143 lol
i think rob should look into filming in charleston, sc or saint augustine, fl, but i'd prefer if anything, san diego because that's what we know as neptune. ;)
how many backers do we have to have to be the most backed project?
how about an update on what doubling the pledge goal is going to do??
@stephen, the hr article definitely raised a few issues that are not obvious to the average donor.  i don't know how much it will affect the vast majority of donors though.  also, i think i read somewhere that the guy who made the $10k donation did it to support crowd funding, not to actually appear in the movie, so it might be a non-issue in this case, but certainly might affect how other projects are handled.
to be honest for me no jackie and no piz i could care less about those 2. i'm fine with everyone else making an appearance, but i think rob wants to add piz to the movie. >:( lol
i'm not a duncan fan but he was alright and i wouldn't mind him being in the movie it would make sense. but at the sametime i wouldn't care if he wasn't
i just want to congratulate kristen bell and dax shepard on their new addition.  good luck with your first baby.  enjoy it as long as you can.  they grow up so fast.
i was so excited when this started.  i was kinda disappointed when i heard the "logan's pop star girlfriend will be murdered" plot.  i sincerely hope that was some kind of clever ruse and won't actually be part of the story. i am unsure how they can stay away from lilly story when another of his lovers ends up dead.  either way i will totally watch this movie (probably many many times).
interesting article if you have not seen it. http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/thr-esq/dangers-veronica-mars-kickstarter-victory-431267
re duncan; i don't find him so bad actually.... i even kind of like his and veronica's relationship, he does seem to genuinely care and to be an overall nice guy... i think he suffers a lot from the fact that he was in a stupor throughout most of the first series and by the time he snapped out of that in present time his character paled in comparison with the rest...
also according to imdb some guilherme omena is also an associate producer... how reliable is the info on imdb at this stage i wonder and am i allowed to be optimistic that he (and maybe others) are adding money that don't appear on kickstarter?
i don't see duncan in this movie, but if it does well enough outside us crazy folk, maybe he can be in the second film.  all i can imagine for him is that he was eventually caught and thrown in prison sometime after lilly turned 5 and that could be about veronica and logan finding a way to free him.
we have made pretty good strides in the backer to chatter ratio.. we are now @ 11%
@kate honestly i'm not a big duncan fan,  i personally wouldnt miss the character (nothing against the real actor)  but i dont feel that ha has been much of a "factor" in the show in a long time.. of course rt can give him a rejuvenated dynamic that can change my mind!
@tim, i'll repeat myself once again.  i heard this quote somewhere and i don't know who said it, but "never underestimate the power of a group of extremely committed people with a cause.  that is how america was founded after all.  it does feel like it has potential.
@craig, i used the contact me link to inquire on the notion of becoming an institution, and was told "it feels like it could be happening."
@ran. i think people are revising based on budgets or maybe switching between options. definitely not a reflection of enthusiasm for the project.
rewatching the series for the umptenth time (and loving every minute). i'd recognised the recurrence of the one super special argyle jumper but have you noticed how variants of the shirt crop up as well... logan is wearing a green version at some point and there are definitely others... also, i really really really want o fulfill rt's dream of becoming the kickstarter with the most backers, why won't any of my friends bite when i try to pitch this project to them?
@ryan and jon, from what i've seen via the internet, he did seem pretty excited and @ryan i've also heard that he's a very nice guy and very down to earth.  i don't know that any of the actors who portrayed major characters will be a problem to sign if there are no schedule conflicts.  they know this is very much a fan driven project and if they play it right they can treat it like an annuity that pays annual dividends.  i hate to keep making the star trek analogy, but there are parallels.  some of the actors from that series make their main income by doing a few conventions and guest roles a year.  the popularity of that show was definitely fan driven.  vm may not have the same longevity, but there are definite similarities.
i just noticed: is there a some reason there are people backing out the higher level pledges? i ask because i've noticed a few levels have gone from "gone" to "1/2 left."
guys, you're forgetting an important neptune high alumni who will likely not be in the movie (at least, not alive) mr. duncan kane thoughts?
goodnight everyone!
wait how do we know anyone is going to die besides logan's gf? because it's noir?
guys, she comes back for the reunion. and gets wrapped up in the shitstorm that is logans gfs death.
another very satisfying day!
4,150.000! woot! keep it coming guys!
i bet no one "important" dies since its the "what they want" version.
it has to be kinda big... so somebody she cares about.
*would my typos are off the charts today. forgive me.
maybe parker should die, who anyone really miss her?  or jackie?  just saying...
i'd rather logan die than weevil.
@craig.  yeah for sure francis is a solid guy.  im sure he wouldnt be unreasonable and be purely excited to be part of the movement!
congratulations to the happy couple!!
congratulations to kristen bell and dax on their new baby daughter, lincoln!
@craig unless he's got conflicting commitments, i can't see frank missing out on the movie. i met him 6 months ago or so, and he was the nicest guy and was so excited that i recognized him from veronica mars. really hope he gets some decent screen time.
@jon,  don't worry too much.  if rob kills him off early, there will be plenty of flashbacks.  i think the only reason they would limit his screen time is if frank capra's schedule made him unavailable or he wanted too much money.  i don't think he's that busy or arrogant.
@elizabeth  rt says he has no plans to bring back lily in forms because he wants to make the film watchable for those who aren't fans and to have the back story would limit that and take more film time,
noooo!  you cant kill off eli!  i want him to have a bigger role in this movie rather than be on the perimeter!
wow christian you're kinda moody. rob has already officially disclosed plenty of info. sorry he didn't put it on the website you'd most prefer it to be on. maybe google an interview before getting frustrated?
congrats to kb & dax!!!
@kristenbell  i know your chances of reading this post are slim but as a baby present you are welcome to take my veronica mars the movie  t-shirt from my pledge and turn it into a onesie.  :) seriously.
not one for spoilers, eh?
i really hope they get to shoot the movie in california. also, i've been thinking that if a death is what brings veronica back to neptune, it has to someone really important maybe her mom or i hate to think it weevil (eli)? they could still use the character in flashbacks like lily. speaking of, i hope they can get amanda syfried on board so we can at least  see more of veronica's memories of her.
congrats to kristen and dax!
congrats to kristen & dax. i am sure she'll be as beautiful as her momma :)
yay!!! we have a mini marshmallow!!!!!!! congrats!!! kristen and dax on your new baby girl lincoln!!!!!! :dddddd
i can't believe my veronica mars is now a mom! :) congrats kristen!
congrats to kb and dax on their baby girl!
@ victoria - i think that is awesome!
not  anyone cares but i should be able to bump my pledge to 100 bucks earning 50 of it one penny at a time i could try for the poster but that's not realistic
not pictured is on soap net now.
@"forget shooting in southern cal, forget baton rouge, get all the incentives you need where they just finished iron man 3 in wilmington nc. plenty of beach to shoot, and lots of small town locations." nah, wilmington is very nice, but it's like 100% humidity (although granted not 300% ;) like baton rouge) there in july and it doesn't look like socal at all. (but between baton rouge and wilmington....)
@rob thomas   i volunteer for set construction!
@phil costales: assuming you're paying camera men editing crew, photography crew, hair, makeup, wardrobe, etc. on a by the hour basis (as hinted by rob thomas when he mentioned the difference between verbal sparring and full on fight is the fact that it takes days of filming for one scene as opposed to a few hours of filming) then i'd assume it's fair to guess that it would be double the cost to do that. if anything, the fact that, in contrast to an episode, they have to now build all new sets for the movie should be additional costs that aren't represented in episode production costs...
@chip that's twisted. nine months and then a movie. more or less about right.
@chip that
@chip nice pun. lol
@craig i'll try as you said, thx peace
or daxten :)
kristen's tweet about the baby: kristen bell ‏@imkristenbell  my new roomate poops her pants and doesn't pay rent...basically @daxshepard1 pre-sobriety :) welcome baby lincoln xo
@candice nah. maybe the campaign will get a baby bump out of this ;)
is it wrong for me to say that i hope all the baby news articles mention the kickstarter campaign?
@kate keithana is a great name!
congrats to kristen & dax, hope mom, baby, and daddy are all doing well!
congrats to kristen and dax.
or keithana.
@jon, i just realized both of the names in my last comment were boy names.   they wouldn't  work.
or dweezil or something like that
@kate i know you were.  just glad they didn't name her d'jango or weevil.  haha!
@craig i was totally joking. :d but you're right.
@kate, i think one of the reasons kb is so into this project is she wants to close the vm chapter of her career.  i know she loves the character and the fans of the show, but to name her daughter after a character would not be good for the kid's psyche.  that said given that it's a girl veronica logan is a lot better name than some hollywood baby's are stuck with.
congrats to kristen and dax and welcome to world, lincoln!
rob thomas‏@robthomas28 min congratulations to @imkristenbell and @daxshepard1 on their new baby daughter, lincoln!
@backup, i will but i can't until the beginning of next month.  that would just about get us to $4.5 million if everybody did it though.
i'm a little bummed she didn't name it veronica logan shepard, but lincoln is an awesome name so it's ok. :)
@craig - do it for lincoln!
@jon, maybe we can all just up our pledges by $5 in the name of the new baby!
we can always just say i won and you can all give me money.
well there goes the chance for starting the baby pool!
@arizone, despite what it may look like, we have no power here !  i would suggest using the "contact me" link under rob's picture.  it can't hurt to ask and it apparently worked for marilla.
i thought she looked about six months gone in that lovely christmas picture so the date works out perfect. what a lovely bit of news to hear today.
hey gang. please, please add poland, pretty please ;-)
haha i go to edit my thesis for just a second and look what i miss.
@jon, the only thing she said publicly was spring.  @chip i saw that pic too.  it looks like she was full term.  any longer and her purses on house of lies would have become duffle bags.
i guess she just looks overdue cause she can fit in your pocket.
congrats to her! wow that's awesome!
@kate @jon she had the baby today! scroll down a little to read dax's tweet!!! :)
*was due
kristen is due in late spring, so april or may.
@jon from the looks of things, she was due october 2012.
does anyone know when kb is due?
@kate  i'll send you fan mail :)
@backupismydog yeah, she tweeted a pic of her belly yesterday and it looked like it was about time. so happy for her and dax! i love the name lincoln.
aw that's awesome chip!!
wow! i had a feeling today was the day.  how great
staring at the numbers is now my favorite hobby!!!!
dax just tweeted: dax shepard ‏@daxshepard1 lincoln bell shepard is here. she has mom's beauty and dad's obsession with breasts. hooray!!!
it's fun watching the numbers go up. :) i love every one of you backers. this movie is going to be awesome!
@jason, if my math is right, that's about $158/backer and 2500 backers /day.
fa sho
totes.
ok, now we just need 38 thousand more backers and 6 million more dollars, we totes got this. ;)
feel free to write me fan letters. i love getting mail. :d
@kate - unless it's "price is right" rules, then you overbid... but i'm feeling generous so i accept a tie :p
@kate, see you really do direct the comment board, and apparently the backer counter as well!
@jason i really tried. :(
@julia - i believe so
awww, i guess she ran out of mana. :p
62,000 backers!
62,000! at 3:08! michael and i tie.
i think kate is using her mental powers to prevent that last person from clicking until 3:10. :p
so what is the project with the most backers? i assume it's double fine with 87,142.
based on the average for the first 15 hours, it looks like we'll be making 80,000 today.  i think things will spike in a little while and we'll get 85k, though.
not fair. i was closest. :p
oooh um 3:06
:d
@michael - i should've used that tactic when i filled out my bracket
i'll make my guess when we're at 61,999 :)
2:56 est
already closing in on $50k for the day! may end up darn close to $75k+ by the time the day is done :d
me too!  i actually read the clock wrong with my original post anyway.  nice to see activity in both tickers today.
looking like before 3 est
wow i am way off. i'm going with 3:10 or something around there
@craig  im ok if we both lose
@backup, i think we're both wrong it will happen sooner.  only 25 to go!
4:48 edt
you guys are all so sweet! i'm getting diabetes! :d
@craig - i'll take 4:32
@backup, give me 3:54 p.m. edt in the pool.
hi everybody, i didn't want to start commenting as i have to leave the never-ending-sun's project board in half an hour, but i have tot tell you, kate, your comments are a big bowl of fresh air, funny, thoughtful, or emotionnal, i loved all of them. yeah.
no, social media director of the vm kickstarter project !
62k backers by what time?
dictator of veronica mars kickstarter comments forum?
@kate, too bad "boredom fighter" isn't a real job. but since your in d.c. your could say your a "social media specialist."
@craig thanks you're a sweetheart. :)
@kate, i find your frequent posts entertaining and a welcome diversion when the counter slows.  too bad your broadband access is a problem.
just call me "boredom fighter" see this? this is my over the moon face.
i can't wait to see the t-shirt design!!!  maybe that will help boost backer support too?
everyone, just saw that they posted a list of new countries on the vm movie facebook page.  they're the same ones from yesterday and this morning, but it should help to boost backer traffic and pledges.
$ 4.1 million!!!!!! i knew this was possible! i knew it, i knew it!! my family and friends all think i'm crazy for obsessing over this movie, but i don't care! i love veronica mars, and i will wear that t-shirt with pride! :)
@rory, it's probably under 6,000.  poor kate's broadband access has been limited today. and i'm giving her some competition the last few days anyway.  sorry kate, i actually love your frequent comments.  they help me fight the boredom.
thank you.  i'm again the weirdo with the biggest smile in her face and probably will last until the movie!!!
chris hardwick tweeted this earlier about how the walking dead and toy story have the same plot.  spoiler alert if you haven't seen this season. http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/undeniable-proof-that-the-walking-dead-and-toy-story-have-th
@phil why thank you sir. you are a gentleman and a scholar.
@judith tell everyone you know... the international market needs to know they are in the fold now!
@kate and i bet they'd be 7000 nice things to say.
yeah! - it has finally reached london baby!!!
not quite that many. only a few hundred. i can totally work my way up to 7,000 though.
7,128 comments and i reckon 7,000 of them were kate!
hmwarhy
@craig i hear you.
@backup that's what i'm saying. i did get one of those street artist brooklyn bridge tanks when i was there last weekend though. :) nyc is my favorite city in the world.
if troy duffy can make a movie with 8 million that has the quality of boondock saints ii, we can get a very acceptable movie out of five million here. beyond that, we are still moving at a nice clip and now it seems with the sun never going down on the backers as it's world wide... we'll be hitting about 2 grand an hour nice and consistent.. that puts us at about five with no push from the t shirts... no end of run push.... no nothing.
yay for international shipments! just upped my pledge as well!
@backup, especially if there is an option to buy extras as an add on.  i only need one, but i'm sure there are people who want multiples. @ kate expanding access to thank-you gifts.  it's a beautiful thing!  if only expanding access to things other than t-shirts and dvds were this easy.  i'm sure you know what i mean.
@lj a movie is the length of two episodes but doesn't require double the cost... you've already paid the actors, camera men, etc.
@kate - i live in nyc and would never wear an i love ny shirt.  veronica mars i will wear with pride
i hope it makes it to 7.5m, since that'd be the 5mil budget (listed as an ideal one). however, 5mil gets it to round 3.6mil, which would be the cost of 2 episodes (since per 45min episode cost was 1.8 mil) @tom: you'll probably get a faster response via twitter -- they said they're behind on question replies by like 10k questions, lol.
@ran welcome to the club! we have cookies. :)
haha one of my friends told me, "you're going to look so stupid wearing a veronica mars t-shirt." me: "what's that you have on right now? an i love ny shirt? yeah. that's what i thought."
i'm going to be honest. i've never watched veronica mars (wasn't allowed to watch much tv as a kid); i have been holding it off for years; finally with a movie, i think i am ready to watch it! i'm a binger, so this is perfect.
we're very glad in the u.s. that our international friends can enjoy the thank you gifts like we can. :)
and we should still get a sizable wave when the t-shirts are announced
thank you thank you thank you for making such huge efforts to include international people. i really appreciate being able to receive goodies and i'm sure every other non-us contributer does too. (we're just a little less vocal about our thanks!)
thanks, lady! :)
happy thursday, amber!
it's done about 28k since... i want to say 2am pst 5am est
i can't believe how much progess has been made since yesterday afternoon! 4 million was such an accomplishment.. now it looks like 5 (or atleast 4.5) is a realistic goal! hoping for stretch goals/ a few more premiere party packages! happy thursday, everybody :)
yeah for sure.. plus it always seems to swing up when we get near a nice round fat million dollar number!
i would say give it a couple days while the news filters through all the new countries.
one thing different is that last night it just stayed consistently at 3 grand an hour till about midnight, then judging from what we have so far today it held at about 1400 an hour till morning... that's pacific time.
yeah i think we're gonna make it to $5 million at least. rob will be happy.
* allow for
i'd love if it were small enough to fit in rob thomas's backyard or so large we'd need to rent out longhorn stadium @ut austin.. unfortunately, my bank account doesn't a $1,000 pledge and a plane ticket to texas right now.
anyone else going to the atx festival?
@ craig if it were a small gathering it would be in dallas, texas. a large party we would have to organize funds and it would be in austin, texas.
@stephen, does that mean a party @ your place?  i'll thrown in a six pack, a bottle of decent red and some popcorn!
i know you made a comment about the europe dvds being region 2...i'm assuming this applies to the australian dvds as well. that is to say, they will be region 4...?
@tom, just noticed a  "contact me"  button under rob's picture. (sharp as a tack i am. right)  i'm sure you could volunteer using that.  he probably is looking for volunteers.  if he gets enough volunteer labor that will help the production budget.
@  kate i was wrong for some reason i had to sit and wait for it to load
@ jon it would be austin, texas.
@ kate it bugs me that the website has a buy now option but they removed the clicking. it should say sold out.
we are already 1/8 of the way you another mil!!!
so when and where do you think we can have the first annual veronica mars convention?
good for you @tom! [loud clapping noises]
just kidding, folks. it's been planned for a while. but still, super cool that another of our favorite iconic shows is being recognized!
@tom, i too plan to up my pledge, but my budget says i must wait a few days.  i think your best bet might be to contact rob thomas via twitter to volunteer as a pa.  i don't tweet myself, but i do sometimes check out kristen bell and rob thomas' twitter feed on imdb.  you could also post as a question on kickstarter.  they seem to be reviewing and responding to those.
@kate craig and tanya,  i know what you mean!
rt just tweeted: join me and the cast of boy meets world at the atx television festival in june! http://insidetv.ew.com/2013/03/28/boy-meets-world-cast-to-reunite-atx-festival/ … you think he was reading my boy meets world comments? lol
in congratulations of reaching $4 million, i upped my pledge by 50%, well that, and i decided i really want the poster. also, i'm in la and wondered if i can intern/pa on the project? basically a pledge of time. :)
@kate, tanya, and jon, don't get me wrong i love using my language skills, however rusty.  it's been about thirty years since i studied in vienna.  i know enough conversational spanish to get through a long weekend in cancun without going hungry or thirsty and a few words in russian so i can watch the americans without following the translation captions.  that's about it.
@kate  i used to be fluent in spanish, and conversational at least in german... i havent practiced in many years.. learning chinese is a pain.. but im doing okay at it..
@tanya, between high school, college, and a semester in vienna, it was about eight years for me.  it's been many years since i've had the opportunity to use it on a regular basis.  i'm surprised how much is rattling around in my old brain, but also somewhat ashamed at how long it took me to type out a simple greeting exchange.  i didn't have to use a dictionary though so the brain still works when called upon.
@tanya  sweet!!
i wish i spoke a language fluently. i came close with spanish once.
@craig,   oh ok!  i just get excited when i can actually practice!   i practice orally mostly though i dont get much opportunity to write so you will see i probably will misspell things a lot!  and my grammar is not so gut! @kate gotta love that google!
@ craig & @ jon - i was enjoying reading the german, it has been years, but i still remember!  4.5 years of the language did pay off!
@jon, we are obviously causing problems for the non-german speakers here so we should probably switch back to english.  i welcome the opportunity to practice my german though so maybe when this project is over we'll have to figure out a way to do that.  i must warn you though, it's been many years since i spoke german on a daily basis.  even then i understood better than i spoke, spoke better than i read and read better than i wrote aud deutsch. @kate, jon asked me how i was.  i told him i was doing well and asked him the same.  he responded that he was doing very well but was very busy with work today.
@jonas, if you are a netflix subscriber, you could start by sending emails or organizing an email campaign to their customer service department or ceo requesting new vm episodes.  as i mentioned yesterday time warner and netflix have a love/hate relationship that rivals love's, but if they see it as profitable that can be overcome.  i know that arrested development fans are as committed as we are and as i said yesterday, never underestimate the power of a small group of committed people with a cause.   that is literally how america was founded.  i know netflix is actively looking to expand its library of original content.  if the vm movie is successfully that would be a big incentive for both netflix and warner to make new content.  we've already shown that there is an audience for any new content.
kate: google translate to german!
@craig  iche auch!  mir gehtes sehr gut!  aber iche habe veil arbiet!!!
@tracy. i like my lifestyle here too for the most part and this is a great town to raise kids.  i don't have any but my sister, her husband, and two sons live nearby, so being near family makes up for a lot.  i grew up in central pennsylvania and have worked in the philadelphia, and washington, dc areas as well as a few medium sized towns in pa.  i also lived and studied for a short time in germany and austria during my college years, so i have a varied perspective.  for the most part i love my life, but there are some things that i really miss from the more urban environments such as good public transportation and restaurants in walking distance. @jon, guten tag!  es geht mir gut und sie?
hey fans, marshmellows, cloudwatchers etc.. how do we make this happen???!!! the article below is between rob thomas and e! and rob says he'd love to make new vmars episodes after the movie is made, if netflix or some company funded it! netflix did this successfully to bring back arrested development. why not vmars? especially after the success of this kickstarter campaign! any ideas on how we make this happen? mass emailing netflix? any suggestions?  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return perhaps make it trend on twitter #bringbackveronicamarsonnetflix or #veronicamarsminiseriesonnetflix ....
i'm also looking forward to twd finale!!! looks like rt added brazil, mexico, norway and switzerland :) yay!!!!
@tracy,  come visit my hometown.. we have a few roundabouts you can play with! @craig  guten morgen!  vie gehtes inen?
@ed, while i share your desire for more new veronica mars content, even a million dollars per episode is a shoestring budget.  that means about $15 to $20 million for a season.  that would be a very ambitious kickstarter campaign indeed.
craig i love it here, we came from london and we swapped it for mid ohio and the pace of life is fantastic and our children have benefited immensely from the change and had a quality of life they would never have had before so i am happy to do my own shopping for that butt i do miss the fast pace sometimes and p o p home for my fix! swings and roundabouts
sorry sandy for us saturday is 11 hours in the car getting home for doctor who day!
@tracy, it's a small town.  we do get pizza delivery and i think one of the grocery stores does delivers for a fee, but we don't have comcast or time warner.  the thing about america is that some places, like the east coast and the west coast are very modern.  middle america, on the other hand is modern in comparison to the 1950's.  if one lives a distance from a major city almost everything is controlled by major corporations whose interests are best served by limiting choice and competition.  there are definitely some positives too, but high speed internet isn't one.
yeah, looking forward to walking dead finale. and sat. is international tabletop day!  http://herocomplex.latimes.com/games/international-tabletop-day-wil-wheaton-wants-you-to-play-board-games/ http://herocomplex.latimes.com/games/10-board-games-for-tabletop-day-felicia-days-team-wants-you-to-play/#/0
walking dead finale how could i forget that. after last week i am so looking forward too it.
how about a kickstarter for season 4? i am just finished season 3 now and delaying the last episode because i hate the thought of no more veronica mars until the movie next year.
so happy the numbers are climbing faster again! yay 4 million! also for those celebrating the exciting weekend not only is doctor who back saturday and game of thrones back sunday but it's also the finale of the walking dead! total nerdgasm! very excited! :)
good morning all.. very hectic day happening...  but ill check in as much as i can :)
no need to be sorry.  on the bright side my mortgage is less than what i paid for my first one bedroom apartment.  just trying to give you some perspective and a little ammo to use with your verizon loving roommate.  at least my directv has soapnet and a dvr so i can get vm almost on demand.
craig, that's terrible. when we moved to the states i thought everything was going to be so advanced but where we live, which is great in many ways, we can't even get groceries or takeout delivered it's like the 1950's i t hi ink hollywood has a lot to answer for!
okay, i've stalled long enough, hypnotized by the little numbers. i gotta go eat something and finish packing my bags so i can rush to the airport, haha. see you all later. i'll keep thinking positive thoughts about numbers rising, lol.
@craig i am so sorry.
it has all currently aired episodes of got.
the mountains of jersey.... occasionally we travel to a land called.... connecticut. made me laugh so much. @sandy i don't have hbo either, but project free tv lets you stream the episodes usually a few days after they air.
@kate. i live in southwestern pa about an hour from civilization(ie pittsburgh.)  at least you have some choice of provider.  my choice is either verizon or a cable company so crappy they've gone bankrupt and reorganized twice in ten years.  i have a combo "package" deal between verizon and directv that costs me $180/month with no premium movie channels and internet speeds that are 5 times slower than most cellphones.  just saying it could be worse.  btw time warner cable is partially owned by the same company that owns the rights to vm fyi.
i can't believe i almost forgot doctor who was back this weekend!
@kate i love game of thrones, and you're right, peter's daily show interview was great! sadly, i don't get hbo so i have to wait for the dvds. just bought the season 2 dvds and plan to start watching them after i re-watch all 3 seasons of vm.
yes kate, doctor who saturday and game of thrones sunday. great weekend ahead
@backup thank you. it's almost done. :d as is my collegiate education. and i'm not allowed to do what all my friends are doing: move back in with my parents. haha.
@kate - peter dinklage on daily show made me love both of them even more
yep cable and internet is way expensive here and don't even get me started on mobile phones. i nearly had a fit when i found out you had to pay to receive a call, what's that all about crazy!
@kate good luck on the thesis!!!
@natalia - i'm trying to get started with a couple of friends. haha one's hooked, the other's a little iffy, but we'll get there. :) it's amazing that we're in the same little corner. :) i went to jp a couple of times for swimming events - travessia até os parrachos.
good news though, game of thrones is back!!!!! if you have not seen peter dinklage's interview with jon stewart, i recommend it. it's hilarious.
but sorry to complain. but my computer won't let me have access to my normal complaining vehicle..... facebook. :d
@backup my thesis is due in a week. i need the internet to finish it. plus i have an online class
@craig that's what me and my other roommate said. we get high speed wireless and a decent cable package for $64. (no soapnet though, so no vmars reruns, sad day) the other options in dc are fios and time warner (which we all know is run by satan. see jason sudeikis' snl skit) so i picked the one i have used before. then i spend an hour on the phone last night resetting the box and getting the comcast guy to send signals and setting up a technician appointment and then she goes, "well, i'm not surprised, because comcast sucks, and i don't know why you picked them." she's a peach. makes me wish for a roommate like parker
@marilia omg that's so awesome, i have family in recife and one of my best friends lives in natal, i was there last month, i love natal ^^...i don't know many brazilian marshmallows...most of them are friends who i introduced the show to hahahaha
@kate your roommate seems fun ahahhahah (kidding!!!)
@kate - i feel your pain. i am working from home today and am surrounded by 5 devices on the internet. i would freak without a connection
@kate, tell your roommate that verizon is no better.   i think they're probably the other major player in your area.  i am stuck with them and they are no more reliable.  their fios option might be more reliable, but it's also very expensive.  when it comes to internet, i wish were more like europe where competition is open, speeds are faster and it's much cheaper.
@natalia - seriously?!? jp? haha i'm in recife studying, but i'm originally from natal. and heading back there in a few hours for easter. you're the first brazilian marshmallow i've "met". :)
@marilia haha thanks. it's true i'm going crazy without it after one night.
@marilia no i don't mind at all, it's always nice to meet other fellow brazilian marshmallows :)  i'm from joão pessoa, you?
@kate - you have my sympathies for the internet problem. :) we never realize how much we rely on it always being there - like to check numbers going up on project counters - until it's not there anymore, right? haha
@natalia - i was so sad. thankfully it only lasted yesterday, hehe. do you mind if i ask where you live?
hey everybody my internet is down at my apartment until sunday (my evil roommate claims it's because i picked comcast, never mind the fact that she knows jack shit about cable/internet and i self-installed the entire system and i've never had a problem with comcast before. why doesn't she pick the internet and set it up next time) anyway. i can only use internet at work so i may be scarce after 7 p.m. eastern time. i am so glad to hear more countries are in the mix! but even with $4 million, we only have an approximately $2.8 million actual production budget. so we gotta keep pushing! so proud of you guys.
@marilia i was so upset yesterday when they didn't inlclude south america
so happy to see the update. pledged right away once i saw sweden on the list! :)
@backupismydog   :d
@natalia - just did that too. :)
@marilla. we are all smiling with you.
omggg is brazil in?? soo happy *heads out to upgrade pledge*
they are slowly on their way to world domination, hahaha. and i just can't stop smiling. :)
@marilla, they heard you!  congratulations!
i saw the announcement this morning and i was so.happy for marilia and everyone else it affects. another good day for vm fans!
@shayna - thanks. :) let's hope the counter reflects the new international options.
@marilia-so happy for you, i am dancing, too!
yes!! brazil made the list!! *happy dance* best news i've had all morning!!
just upped my pledge!!! thanks from brazil!!! uhuuuuuu!!!!
i said starting point how would that spoil anything? oh that first min of the movie was spoild? a trailer will end up spoiling that and 2 weeks? are you seriously saying that international things have taken up 24hours for the last 15 days? they have had time between waiting to hear back from higher ups they have uploaded 8 youtube videos 6 if you dont count the two made by others not everyone that funds this watches the comments so they have no way to know this they could post ideas for the t-shirts to get pepole intrested in them same with the poster when the $25 tear says "plus, you will receive regular updates and behind-the-scenes scoop throughout the fundraising and movie making process." i would think that 1 update a week for the 4 weeks this progect is going through the funding period is not to much to ask and youtube dose not count for this as youtube is free and this is supose to be a rewared
would be nice to get a digital-only level for those international customers who don't really want to pay for shipping.
@ sandy ...and i agree with the spoiler point! i want surprises!
i understand, balabanto. too bad your friends didn't give vm a try. @christian i think i'm with anna on this one. as phil said, i don't want too many spoilers on the plot and story before the movie comes out. i feel like i already know too much.
wow. look at that counter go.
@christian i don't agree.  i think they should be focused on the mechanics of the thing: the international updates are what a lot of us have been waiting for and many international fans are still waiting. there must be loads going on behind the scenes. less than 2 weeks ago they didn't even know this would happen: it's unreasonable to expect content updates before they have a final budget.  i wouldn't be writing it before i knew what the parameters were. so i'd rather get information when some of those basics have been settled and they actually have something to say. the timeline is incredibly fast anyway - a movie from conception to final product in a year!
the problem, sandy is that my friends are rabid about it and it's annoying. i'm aware that the show was very good. i liked the serenity movie a lot. but they talk about it the way that some religious fanatics talk about jesus, and that's not healthy. i love vm a lot. but i don't worship it. :)
@ balabanto you should give firefly a try. it was another well done, cancelled too soon show.
thanks for adding switzerland! just upped my pledge!
they really should put up an update with some basic info about where the movie starts off like how much time has passed (note its not the real world more time then reality or less time may have happened.) and other such stuff yes its been talked about a little but not on here not with the pepole funding it and the people paying for it should get the info before twitter  this will boost interest in the project a little. and some people might incres there pledge and others might pitch in just to get the information first so far the only updates have been about international things after 15 days is it to much to ask for even the tinyest bit of info
thanks for adding switzerland. raised my pledge from $10 to $110.
raised my pledge from $10 to $60. thanks for letting non us residents join the fun :)
most of us can't wait for it, mariam. that's kind of the point of the whole thing. :) in fact, some of us haven't really watched tv for any length of time since veronica mars went off the air. i have dozens of backdated tv shows sitting in dvd piles. nothing compares to this. my friends tried to get me into firefly and i was like "well, are any of you guys watching veronica mars?" a couple did. but most just ignored it.
i agree with my western neighbor rickard armiento - a digital level would be awesome. i would absolutely love to up my pledge to get the digital download, but don't necessarily need the t-shirt (the shipping does nudge the whole pledge a bit high - i understand why it needs to be added, of course!).
nice work on brazil. i know marilla will be happy
sweet! brazil, mexico, norway and switzerland can join the party. wait...switzerland? don't they refuse to join anything? :) just a political joke. don't mind me. welcome, everybody! let's get on the bandwagon!
i really can't wait for the movie
@karsten dream big and shoot for 20. then we'll get 5 easily.
i raised my pledge from $10 to $65,  great news that we europeans can get the packages now too. $5 million is the next goal... :)
mhmhmh didn't even notice!!!! =p
@elisa you just wanted comment 7000, didn't you?
amazing!!!!
glad to be able to pledge from australia now, thanks for sorting that out. does anyone know, will the dvd extras (making of, kickstarter documentary) be in the retail release on dvd/blu ray? i'm not sure if i want to pledge an extra $50 to get a blu ray but i don't want to miss out on the extras either. thanks :)
oooh. 4.1 million! booyah!
i came to this site on the second day of this project. but then i saw that the only thing i wanted, a digital copy of the movie, was not available in my country. i left and nearly forgot until i returned yesterday by accident and found out that i now can get a digital copy for $45... (which i did). i guess that the total amount pledged would have been much higher, if the international rewards would have been here when the media attention was highest...  lets hope it still makes the 5million!
forget shooting in southern cal, forget baton rouge, get all the incentives you need where they just finished iron man 3 in wilmington nc.  plenty of beach to shoot, and lots of small town locations.
i'm done reading articles where rt discusses anything movie related... he said two words in an article and i just figured out a huge spoiler from it. gah.
@gavin welcome to the party ;-)
finally got to pledge, be worth it to get a signed movie poster from one of my favourite shows. glad they added australia to the list!
i think its about uk time... let's see how they do this morning.
@rickard the point of this whole exercise is to fund a movie - think of it as another punch in the brawl, or some other little thing you'd like to see in the movie. did i need a signed poster, t shirt and second copy of the series? no, but i wanted to help this project as much as possible - they're just icing on the cake.
@rickard sell the shirt on ebay for the ten dollars.
thanks for including sweden! i was just about to up my pledge to get a digital copy. but... to do that i *have* to pay for t-shirt and postage, landing me at $45? how about adding a "digital only" level with just script + move file? i'm quite sure i'm not alone in thinking this.
i hope they manage the last few days well and offer incentives/goals for upping your pledge. some projects i've backed have done a really great job at this. it's why i'm currently holding out from pledging my max (though i'm nearly there...)
thanks for making the rewards available to australian residents! i'm very excited about this project!
i hope $5mil it is. i'm not so sure about the giant last day surge though for such a cult thing like this where the rabid fans all rush out of the woodwork quickly. for something like a watch or game or the like i think it's a bit easier to get a huge bump at the end than for a movie, as well, but i could be wrong (haven't looked into how films have tracked).
i'm certain rob's busy writing and doing a ton of coordination and making phone calls and such.  it'd be nice if he had the bank for an assistant, but we probably would've had a movie years ago if he did.
i still think 5 mil is a pretty safe bet (count on a $500,000+ surge the final two days), but every little bit extra helps! rewards fulfillment, kickstarter, and amazon fees take up a big chunk of cash. 6-7mil would be stellar.
@ l - good info! rob really should post that as an update here. add the location as a stretch goal, and current backers may up their pledges to ensure they film there!
still need a lot more though!:"....the reason we're hoping for more money, at least, is so that we can shoot it in southern california. right now, if the kickstarter drive ended today, we'd be shooting in baton rouge because they offer great film breaks.... ....in an ideal world, if we land closer to $5 million, we'll get to shoot in southern california....  ....suddenly some scenes i would play indoors if we were in baton rouge i will now set in cool southern california exterior locations." http://www.empireonline.com/news/story.asp… if they were able to add two more premieres (granted you can't go too nuts with having zillions of them) they'd get another 250k right there. the expansion today got them a bunch and now instead of squeaking to almost $4mil by the end it should squeak to $4.3mil? and we could hope for $4.45?? simply adding in a couple more premiere and after parties and you have your socal shooting.
i haven't watched veronica mars in like a month. i keep forgetting to set my dvr so it can record on soap net.
just rewatched all 3 seasons for the first time in 5 years. i miss you guys so much, really glad you're coming back. the season 4 trailer made me so sad back in the day, and it makes me a bit less sad now :)
congrats on breaching the coveted 4m.
we are on a nice pace to easily eclipse 4.1 tomorrow...looking at about 4.09 by midnight in cali... then australians get off work right about then...
haha well i'm in california and veronica is in san diego, so i'm waiting another three hours or my numbers :-p
4 million! woo hoo, ok, i'll say it. proud to be a marshmallow
and that's the day.  total is $180,296.  rock and roll, marshmallows.
@backupismydog g'night dawg!
@tabetha. we all feel investment in this because of our love for the show.  keep it going everyone. see you tomorrow.
if we found a little nudge, we could get to 4.1 mill by midnight pst
ahh nope.. bout on par with last hour
upped my pledge again! congrats on making it past $4mil!
and actually..i think pledges have picked up a smidge this hour...
@balabanto i was just really excited to see us blow past 4 mill like we did today
keep going up numbers please..... :)  i hate when they start to slow, makes me nervous!  lol.  the way i constantly check this site and think about this project and worry, you would think i created it or something, lol.
we all rock today
uh, clearing a 100000 milestone is still nothing to sneeze at.
anybody remember yesterday when we were excited that we got to 3.9 million? lol
thank you!!!!
@balabanto: i've been posting totals every 24 hours since the campaign began. my daily total may not be the official daily total, but it's my official daily total.
tabetha, here is a link. http://perezhilton.com/2013-03-27-veronica-mars-movie-rob-thomas-behind-the-scenes-kickstarter-reaction-video#.uvo0kqu1zsu if that doesn't work, just google perez hilton, and scroll down and you'll see it.
still 50 minutes left before midnight est.
$180,625 pledged today!!!!!!!!! hip hip hooray!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ invite all your friends to join the page or group! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!!
@kelly, i haven't seen that one, can you post the link?
@kelly i've seen it... i think colantoni hits the nail on the head... we need this movie so we can move on lol it's the itch of not seeing that everything ended up ok after the last episode.
check out perez hilton for a clip of rob thomas, kristen bell, enrico colantoni, and ryan hansen with his very cute and irate baby and their reactions to the rising numbers the day the project launched on kickstart.  it was  gratifying to see how excited and impressed they were. paint me naive, but they seem as excited to do the project as we are to see it.
it sounds like asia and south america will help.... and then the tshirt unveiling maybe earlier next week? i'm feeling 7-8m total.
earlier it was going at a 15-16k an hour clip... this last hour of the kicktraq day is gonna be about 3k... still good... just not the five million we all were probably hoping for from today  :-)
this is so nice. over four million. now we just need to triple it.
i didnt like jackie, she became tolerable after she help v&w but i didnt really like the character.
@maria that comment about the wizard is very significant. you should pay closer attention to it. :)
finally finished the show today! wow, still trying to process my emotions. i thought that season 3 was a bit lacking to start off but i'm so glad that veronica & crew were closer to their old selves by the end, definitely gives a better jumping off point for the movie (even if it is 10 years down the road).
i liked the jacqui character, fwiw. i thought i wasn't going to, but she won me over with the dunk tank. wallace throwing the balls away, ha.
@craig - it is weird, i guess. i never thought of it until just now.  i guess it's the sort of show that makes just such an impact.
lamb.............-_-
@backupismydog - thanks for the shout out on twitter!
@backupismydog.... i lol'd at that name. thank you!
any international backers from before the rewards were extended... make sure that you have managed your pledge to be, not just the filler amount, but that reward level also. i pledged $100 the first morning, and bumped it up to $200, then $400, but my 'reward level' pledge stayed at $100 until i changed it.
i'm seriously excited and happy that i was able to give back to the cast and crew of veronica mars.  a show that was there in a particularly tough time in my life.   you'll never know how much veronica helped, as maudlin as that sounds!
@tina - wow! i hope you get better soon - that is so awful @marilla - here's what i posted to twitter. is sorta like shouting into the wind but i tried "#veronicamarsmovie @robthomas @imkristenbell what's the word on kickstarter pledges from asia & south america?  huge fan bases there. huge."
@marilla, thanks.  i was just curious.  reruns are currently shown on a cable/satellite channel here in the states, but i was curious about other countries.  it is unusual that this show would have such a following with such limited exposure on the air.  it just shows that hollywood executives aren't always  good at predicting what shows will have a long term audience.
i'm so glad that this is happening. i didn't watch vm while it aired but i'm a watcher now. a little over a year ago in feb. 2012 a drunk driver hit me head on and i have been trying to get better since. learning how to walk again and with that i watched a lot of tv and that's how i found vm and i just love the show. i'm watching it on soap.net and i got in end of season 1 and i was so so lost and i could not way to see it from the start. anyway i love the show and i can't wait for the movie. vm show made my days go by better as i looked forward to watching it daily. can't wait for movie!!!
thanks michael!
@backupismydog - thanks. i added my voice to the choir, haha. hope it makes a difference. it's something, though, to see so many people from all over the world excited about this project.  i'm home, now. it's almost time for bed. but yes, today class was fun. ;)
@ marilla - i included a link below. i can post something to twitter too but have no idea if that'll be seen.  enjoy class! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/posts/438619#comments
@ brittney, today so far we've raised $171,000.
@backupismydog - thanks, i'll go look. i've been in class all day, unfortunately. :)
wow, does anyone know exactly how much has been pledged so far today? glad to see the intl backers gave it a boost :)
@craig - it was on air back when it was showing in the us, via satellite. that's when i watched it and fell in love with it. i don't remember the year, exactly, but i think it was lagging almost a full season behind. and some time later it was also on one of the open channels - a friend of mine remembered seeing it once upon a time. i don't remember if there were any reruns, but it hasn't been on a tv here in a very long time. :)
@marilla - if you look at the comments associated to this morning's update it appears there were several questions about south amer. (brazil especially) as well as asia.  so i hope rob & team are doing whatever they can to remedy this as well.
@marilla, we are an inclusive community.  i hope that brazil will soon be able to receive the "rewards" soon.  just curious.  is veronica mars broadcast over the air in brazil or do you get the shows via the internet?
i wasn't trying to cause an issue... i swear. i've just been with this from day 1 and i want us all to come together. if all the backers come together on facebook too, we will raise a huge amount of attention for the campaign! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ invite all your friends to join the page or group! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!!
@lyz - merci! ;)
@tim crow - i hate when he tells veronica to go see the wizard... argh....
@ lyz - i guess it just seemed so final when they said they'd gotten some european countries and nz and australia...  i'll keep my fingers crossed until the end. i'll try messaging... @ craig - or twitter, haha. i had never heard that expression before, but we have an equivalent. :) @jason - thanks. i hope more people from latin america show up. :) *though according to several us forms i've had to fill out over the years, brazil does not belong in latin america...
@marilia, keep me posted, i'm sure we can work something if brazil is not likely to be included!
@holly i thought so too!
@katy,  wow very cool!
@marilla, if your on twitter, it can't hurt to ask if they are working on brazil.  we have a saying in america, "the squeaky wheel gets the grease."  they may not be aware that there are potential backers in your area.
@tim it is indeed!
@katy, veronica mars is the stuff of magic!
sheriff lamb to rape victim, "that's what they all say." booo!
*post i had written on this comment board*
@julia, at least two more premiers/ parties, one for europe and one for australia would be a good idea and probably no more difficult to arrange than a similar event in the states.  that would probably attract some more high dollar donations from international backers.
i got a message from rob thomas's assistant alec about the same thing as phil (i'm his cousin) and he said he was going to pass my story onto rob to look at. thought that was very cool of them. if you missed the story, phil and i are 1st cousins who have never met and met each other when phil responded to a post i had written. was pretty cool.
@marilia we'll keep holding out hope for some love towards our latin american amigos. ;)
veronica and her father jump to conclusion too much and need to investigate before they talk to dumb ass lamb
@phil  what was the message about? i got one from rob awhile back saying he'd see me in austin. lol.
@marilia, aw, don't be sad yet! i'll sent you the tea-shirt if it comes to it, you'll just have to e-mail me the size. but r.t. did say that they were working country by country (well, eurpean community counts  as one country there, regarding to the size of north america.)you could try and sent a message to him to know if they're working on brazil. it will be answered  to, they answer to every one they get.
@owen that would be a loooong movie ending! lol. but cool idea!
i backed this project last night, nice to see that another $80,000 has been raised while i was sleeping :) i have a suggestion... could we list all the names of the backers in the movie's end credits?
sheriff lamb is the worst person ever.
even if it were just the us who pledged the first $2 mil in less than a day, not having the big ticket rewards available will keep that from happening again.
or whatever you call it.
by the way, it's pretty cool they'll work this hard so far from their quote.
i'm kinda sad, now. i really was hoping against hope that i'd be able to get one of the rewards. :( oh well, what else is new? anyways, i was re-watching the first episodes yesterday... i forgot how much i hated sheriff  lamb. :)
more in kristen's acting than the writing, i think.
sometimes i get the impression that vm thinks mac is like from another planet.
mac & wallace the coolest best friends a girl could ever have. ^_^
26000 ish now lol
@phil - i agree.  we are all a marshmallow nation with excellent taste
@phil: i didn't mean it that way. just wanted to make it clear that we pledged as well even before the international shipping ;)
@julia, michael, i agree. i did my pledge on the first day too. upped it twice, and again today
@michael southwick rob said in his new youtube video that we're about 27,000 away from being the most backed project  http://m.youtube.com/#/watch…
come on folks, let's not get all america vs. everyone on this! we are all contributing!
@julia you are right. i immediately pledged 100 dollars after hearing about this kickstarter, despite being european. so, the first two million definitely did not come from americans only.
finally! raised my pledge. thanks for getting europe on board!
@tim, let your vm freak flag fly!!
although, the folks at work would raise a brow.
i agree with the write with special markers on your car idea!
@robyn goldman: i think that the first $2 million weren't just made by the u.s. they were made by people from all over the world as well. they didn't just pledge as much because they wouldn't get the same rewards. after making the rewards available for them as well a lot of them raised their pledge just as me. ;)
@phil, of course. it's all very impressive.
@michael pretty sure we'll make most backers...
one of them had 78k ish...
i know a lot of talk has been about the "most-funded" projects, but does anyone know what the project with the most backers ever is? i'm thinking we've gotta be close!
@tim that's super cool man... i think it's still just really admirable that they reply at all.
that is a cool story. what a community.
welcome international donors!!!!!! if the us reached $2 million in one day... i think today might just be another $2 million day!!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ invite all your friends to join the page or group! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!!
really? you just shattered my world! rob thomas is like my new hero, i used to be pretty involved with creative writing, and you know ... rob thomas is obviously the man! well, long story short, i got an awesome answer to an email i sent on kick starter and i was like omg rob thomas typed to me! and now you have shattered the illusion! ha, i'm half kidding. anyway, i didn't share on the comments the basis of my email or the tone of their reply because i didn't want to create any sort of debate on the matter lol ... but needless to say, i was extremely pleased!
@backupismydog had she not used her last name, i never would have said "hey, that's a pretty peculiar last name!" and met her.  i just think it's really cool that we bumped into each other on here.
@phil. you guys have a really unique story. what are the odds?
i mean... he's answering all the emails for rt so it's not like we are getting red carpet treatment... i just really dug the fact that he took the time to write out a nice little letter.
that's awesome, man!
i wish kicktraq would have a way to show a country breakdown of backers.  it would be cool to see that info.
@phil - that is awesome.  i suspected rob & co would love your story.
@tim rob thomas' assistant. it's just he really has nice things to say.
australian fans please check is this out :) http://www.facebook.com/veronicamarsaustralia a facebook page to show how much support there is for the film here! like the page so we can hopefully guarantee a theatrical release in australia!
who is alex mercer and why r u freaking out
bon de 25 je passe a 50 dollars pour aider au montage du film, pour être honnête je veux que véronica mars soit un succès pour avoir un film chuckmovie également ensuite! loool zach levi est motivé!
trying not to lose my mind. got a message from alex mercer about meeting my cousin here and she also got one. that's pretty awesome.
@backup.  i'm in your support group.  pull up a chair and get in the circle.  i think there are many more harmful addictions/obsessions than this one.
cool video of rt: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
attention anyone with a nyc premier after party or not! kindly cancel your pledge and email me at crowtimothyj@gmail.com!
@craig - i didn't think this could get more addictive ... and then it did
@backup, i thought you might be being facetious.  now that we're worldwide, the sun will never set on the vm empire!  haha!
@pamela i am so excited for the movie... we have been waiting for so long!! i'm hoping after the huge fan base for veronica mars warner bros will fund sequels
yay finally i can back the project. im fairly sure the movie wont screen in new zealand so will be great to have a digital copy near the release time :)
ditto, thanks rob!! just woke up to the amazing news that australia has been included and made a pledge after all this time of watching kickstarter total go up, reading everyone's comments and hoping that other countries would be included. so excited :)
finally i am a backer thank you rob from all of australia !! yayayayayayaya
awesome, been waiting forever for this to happen. could finally pledge $110 and get the goods sent to sweden. yay!!
@craig. i was kidding. and then i worried i jinxed it. but looks like we are back on track.
@phil same, i think rob is happy the way things are looking right now :) @meredith yes, the money raised is not all going to production. that's way its exciting seeing the numbers go up bc even though a certain percentage will go to kickstarter/amazon/packages we still know we have above the goal for an amazing movie. :)
@ backup, no i like watching the ticker change it's much better than a few days ago when things seemed stuck for hours.
whoa! i was at work all day and didn't really check the updates/total...happy day for a bunch of our international friends! :d
@ balbanto, i'm a noir fan as well and that's what originally attracted me to vm.  veronica's not on par with bogey's sam spade or phillip marlowe, imho. but there are a few similarities and the noir influences are obvious.
@phil, no! it was just a good reminder of this great adventure we're living together, and i thank you for it! it's pretty fantastic we can speak so freely here, pretty revealing of how much moved we are by the show too: that's a very very good reason to rejoice imo!
@lilly,  it is just important to keep in mind the reality of the numbers. clearly the goal was set for a reason, and anything above and beyond that is amazing. with half of the campaign left, i have no doubt that they will be wizards with whatever production budget exists.
@craig yes, it is. though i am a noir fanboy.
2
@lilly yep...i want something epic though
didn't mean that as a criticism.  just making an observation.  i think veronica's relationship with her dad was one of the best, and most realistic in tv at the time and it might be a reason why so many in the non-millenial demographic might be attracted to the show.
rob said that when they were thinking about the 2million budget they calculated the kickstarter expenses and he said they were looking at a 1.4 million dollar movie after everything was done. so having a little over 4million right now is not bad for expenses and movie production, but looks like we will have more money by end of the 16 days. still enough for a good movie.
@tiger, i do love your eclectic taste in food lol?  but yeah, phil's right, (though craig is too). let's rejoice. i'm lucky enough to have a lot to be happy about in rea llife , but this project  and all of you marshmallows are part of it ! 'cause  this is really real too!
has anyone gotten tired of watching ticker go up?
im sorry if anyone took that comment about being sad as a mean thing..
@matt. it is important to keep in mind that the number you see pledged is not the production budget. you need to subtract about 30% in order to get the true production budget because roughly one third of what is here goes to kickstarter related expenses, and things like pledge fulfillment.  that mean the $4million shrinks to just under $3million for production.
@craig soooo not judging..trying to lift spirits...
@phil, while i agree that this forum is primarily a welcome distraction from the mundane aspects of life, one of the unique features of vm was veronica's relationship with her dad and even her mom.  that might be a reason why some of us identify with the show.
@matt look watch boondock saints 2 and clerks 2.... really look at how many places they went... what actors they got... what favors they called in... because those movies were pretty basic and they had double the budget in the case of boondocks and 2.5x the budget for clerks 2... realize, 8 million is as low as you can go and get a decent number of theaters to carry the movie.
@phil he does seem humble :)
@phil no i have issues too and everyone must hear them!  my parents are kind of sucky.  okay, i'm done.   i turned out not dead, so they did something right.  they fed me.  yeah.
woot! pretty sure that my pledge may have just pushed us past the $4,060,000 mark!
@everyone  woooow this little community got so serious all of  a sudden!! hey this is the vm kickstarter board!!! let's rejoice and have fun! having said that though... i think a lot of us use this as a happy way to get around the daily grind and some less than fun stuff.
next step, stretch goals? or a least a sense of how a 5 or 6 or 7 million dollar vm movie would be different from a $4m movie. then we can get all mobilizey with the troops some more. :)
@lyz  i hope so.. i dont get any time with them at all so its very difficult.  thanks all for your words of encouragement..   heading out now.. see you in an hour.
@jon, i'm separated too from my children's father. my youngest son used to be very harsh with me, and a lot of tension came from his relationship with his father. to make things worst, his step-dad suddenly passed away. my son needed me to love and rule him anyway .i didn't understand it on my own, i felt helpless and i sought  help, so i could stay, and  fight to keep faith in my child and in his ability to .learn and think on his own. and he did. he recently told me i raised him to think freely., i was so moved!!! it will come, you'll see. i just know it!
@lilly... it was... he seems sooo humble!!
@phil thanks.. well i am going to take my stack of drawings home, with my red pen, and relax at my kitchen table with a nice bottle chateau budweiser (2013 vintage) and make markups for my guys tomorrow! so i'll be incommunicado for about an hour till i get home :)
@kat that's great! and yes i'm a believer that anyone can turn their life around if they want too. its called growing up and getting motivated :)
@kate  i see...  for me its that i want to talk to them about anything.. but since the were very little they shut me out of everything in their life... would never talk about anything personal at home or school... and it just got worse as they got older.  like they have been conditioned over the years.  now they play the i'll talk to you when i need money thing.. and that doesn't work for me.
@john thompson the movie already came out in hong kong and singapore.  but kristen bell isn't in it.
i thought this was cute esp what jason had to say about kb :) http://youtu.be/ryw5ibsrkzu
what about asia?
@jon my ex husband is a complete eejit. our daughter is  4 and she loves him to bits but he only sees her a minimal amount if time, and pays only the bare minimum for her maintenance... but i don't show him or her how i feel as it is not fair on her.... one day she'll come to her own conclusions, but trying to turn children against  their father is wrong. your daughters will see this for themselves one day, but understanding it as a teenager is a lot to ask. keep your chin up... they  will work out the truth.... and karma will bite your ex in the butt!
@kate sometimes you just connect with parents and sometimes you don't... but they always love you.
@jon we still have our differences, but i can really talk to him now. about things other than sports. he recently had major heart surgery which just made me realize how much i appreciate him. he's tough to get along with, but he always remembers to call on my birthday and tell me it was the happiest day of his life. i would say we're well on our way to having a really good relationship. not keith and veronica status, but still pretty good.
@jon bout 153k... i'm using kickstarter for help though and their time zone seems to be somewhere in the atlantic ocean.
as i said earlier.  veronica mars has demonstrated that it is a worldwide phenomenon!
@kate do not dispair. i spend a good year barely employed between graduating with my m.a. and landing the job i work at now.  where i work in la seems to hire frequently. dm me on twitter if you want more info. @anobion.
@phil  whats the total for the day so far?
@kate... well that sucks... i hope everything stays better....
@jon, thanks i'll check it out.
@kate  how is your relationship with him now?
i told my dad really horrible stuff. like really, really horrible. i was a super messed up teenager. and i still graduated in the top ten percent of my class, went to college, am graduating with an honors degree in four years and am going to go to law school. proof that you can turn your life around for the better.
@ tiger!  hahahahaha  well we had happy endings earlier why not wake up down under!
@tiger i'm seeing the same thing... we actually are appearing to gain momentum this hour as opposed to last hour and yes... i am actually tracking the money hourly lol
@ lyz,   yeah i hope so.. they say the most hurtful things.. some of it i know is their mom talking .. shes evil...  really not just the cliche' evil.. she's evil
sorry if that sounds dirty.
people are starting to wake up down under, so i'd say the momentum is very far from slowing as europe goes to bed.
60 pages is about a third?! give or take... i'm pumped... hope it's just quality... rt please make sure you have the time to clean it up... it's gotta be something to behold. veronica and keith deserve it ;-)
@ craig,   i had to look it up , its called trek nation.. its available streaming
@ tiger, i wouldn't mid a polo shirt so i could wear it on causal fridays at work. yup would be great
ha. long day. i meant person. though i actually am ok with a tshirt prison too
so rob is 60 pages in writing the veronica mars movie ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm getting excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow! 4 mill and still 16 days to go. this is exciting to watch.
i'd go on a crime spree if it meant time in the t-shirt prison.
@tiger. i'm not a tshirt prison either but would wear to the gym to see if anyone got it
@anne no matter what you pledge, you're helping us all get to where we want to be... a great movie about characters we love. hi five!
@jon, phil, here i am, in my late fifties, drinking some côtes de bordeaux at home while switching between a philosophical memoir and the counter, no friends of mine, no matter their age, have ever heard about vm except by me, not even knowing exactly what nerd means, tipping away to talk with people who leave far away from home and still feeling close to  most of them, and guess what? it feels right to me. and jon? it's a phase. in my experience, ealthy teens do hate their parents. then trhey grow up, and they love them for staying strong during this "hate time". "the hero is the one who stays..."
@jon, do you happen to remember the name of that documentary?  i have a netflix streaming account and would like to check it out sometime.
@phil almost 6.
@phil,  sounds like a close call!  ive been divorced for 14 years and i am with a great gal now.  shes very loving and caring. so i lucked out there.. shes also about 10 years my junior.  we are a bit challenged right now.. i work a lot, and in the industry i work i travel all over the globe so we struggle to spend time together.. but when do its great.!  i play guitar.. so does @amber
@backup expect about half of whatever today ends up as for tomorrow and then down down and maybe a push at t shirt time like you said. also last days of the campaign usually produce solid numbers.
i just want the blu-ray, i personally don't care about the t-shirt.  i stopped wearing t-shirts that have stuff on them years ago to re-establish myself as a grown-up.  it's not really working so far.  but i'll wear it to bed or to work out in for sure.
hey everyone ! i'm finally part of this, just pledged 60$ ! :d so happy to be part of this, even if it's for a tiny amount of money ! i hope i'll be able to up my pledge before the project ends, we'll see if this broke student finally finds a job ahah ! well so glad to be here, especially since i've been reading some of you for quite some time ^^  yep, i'm addicted to this page !  i was just waiting for the green light to pledge, and finally got it : yay for rt & warner for letting france get the goods too !! :d now i'm feeling like i'm gonna do a vm marathon soon x)
@tiger and i still see five hours on the clock!!
rob posted a video about reaching $4 million bit.ly/yur3zd nice job everyone
over 150k for the day now.
i think we'll continue at a nice pace today and maybe again when tshirts revealed
@kate i intended to say you're hired! in the last post but didn't lol... sorry brain mushed
we've made almost a thousand dollars in the past two minutes.
yay......it's wonderful that new zealand can join in :)
everyone's got issues with their parents.  veronica especially.
@kate and tigernightmare  no it's a pool hall so it's pretty tame and i have been doing it for 13 years (two years as owner) and nobody has been hurt but me... i tend to be the one in the middle of everything.
@july. awesome video. i think many of us were watching screens like that earlier today http://youtu.be/hyzo9hgys3w (for those too lazy to scroll down)
@jon i hated my dad when i was a teenager. if that helps. it's a lot better now.
@ craig,   yeah, in fact i saw a movie (on  netflix) recently about gene roddenberry's son coming to discover what the show was about and how many people it affected.  when he was young he could care less about the show but then he started diving into it.. made the documentary about discovering what it was about.  i made a comment about that some time ago and a siad something like "but i dont see vmars having spin-off like veronica mars the next generation" lol... but as real life would have it.. she's busy working on kristen bell's next generation!
@july thanks!!!
@phil it's just about to hit 9am here in new south wales, so everyone should be catching up on the comments, the updates and figuring out just how much they're going to pledge! haven't upped mine yet because i need to figure out how much i'll need for a root canal the day before it's funded..
for those people that like to publicly broadcast comments like 'piratebay (wink wink)' - wow, that really makes it much more sly so no one knows what you are referring to) - i just hope that if you do end up getting the show through these means and enjoy it, that you consider buying the dvds. or at least watch the show on a streaming account that also records ratings. because i really get sick of people whinging that good shows get cancelled, when they have in no way contributed to supporting the show. sorry if this rant is less than eloquent, but i just woke up, and reading comments like that aren't a good start to the day.
@jon i do shoot guns... i do know how to play a few instruments...though i want time to learn guitar soooo bad. i got lucky enough to have her leave before i married her...but i don't have kids... and i think that little piece of semi immortality is a good thing... even if they don't like you.
@phil well my brother goes to cal poly slo and my parents live in sonoma.... maybe fresno wouldn't be a bad idea. lol @stephen i haven't thought about it, but now i am
@phil i hope it's not a biker bar.  i had a friend who can't smell or taste anymore because she worked at one of those when a brawl broke out.
@phil i have an old flying buddy of mine who was living in fresno for a few years
@ kate have you checked out texas tech law?
@kate.... i can always get you a job as a bar person in...fresno.... :-p
@phil  no worries!  i drink at a bar ;) but i am in my late 40's doing the same thing as you here.. i am an electrical engineer for a company that designs the biggest trucks in the world.  i manage a team of five guys.  i restore old cars, shoot guns, also a musician (amateur), on the nerdy side i am a ham radio operator and i have been since i was 11.  i'm divorced with two teenage daughters who hate me (hope its just a phase) because i am strict.  most of the people i work with have never heard of veronica mars.. and they keep busting me watching the counter!
@july nice catch!
@july thanks for posting it, it was so funny to see r.t staring at the numbers like a lot of us, hoping for the next step...
@tiger thanks. @tanya thanks i will! i'm compiling a list of potential schools at present.
@ kate - check out washburn law school, it is a phenomenal school :) plus it is in the capital of ks so, lots of opportunity there.
@phil and jon, it's really strange how many parallels there are between the two series.  i remember reading a book in the late seventies by gene roddenberry.  he talked about how they were nearly cancelled after season 1, but survived on people writing to nbc by the thousands.  the series was literally kept alive by a small vocal fan base.  there were nothing but reruns until the first movie in 1979, but fans would hold informal conventions.  that lead to the modern day comicon, where vm has a presence today.  they had a talented cast who remained mostly loyal to the series which led to several movies and spinoff series.  i don't know if the same will happen here, but anything is possible.
@kate sorry.  looking for a job is hell.  i'm being lazy about it and got a one month appointment coming up. @july of course he's a breaking bad fan.  i must eat chiggets for dinner tonight.  again.
@jon hi five sir! i own and tend a bar... so i guess that gives me some "street cred" but i'm a 34 year old man on a message board for a show about a teenage girl that solves mysteries... and i tell my customers i do this... lol
i got rejected from two entry level jobs today though so it's a mystery what i will be doing. lol
new video http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@phil i wish. but i'm going the law student route. not columbia, because in the real world columbia law costs $150,000 minimum in student loans plus interest. but law is in my future i suppose. :)
in five words, what i love in veronica mars: clever, funny, thorough, not manicheist, moving
@kate you sound like you should be a spunky p.i. :-)
intellectual, cynical. paranoid (slightly), caring, and sassy.
@ phil  you can be nerdy in a not cool way.. we still accept you for who you are!
@maree where in australia? i've been kinda curious how far into the day it is over there and what we can expect from you guys in the coming hours.
@jon i'm game passionate compassionate curious anxious generous
yay, this aussie is in!
@jon witty nerdy(in a not cool way but that's ok) dad (keith reminds me of my dad) sociopath spirit
i'm kind of interested in how it'll turn out now that we have a world wide number of people that can pledge.. we may just get a consistent climb all day and all night after the big shot in the arm, that would be great..i own a pool hall and notice that things were slowing to a crawl around 1 a.m. and picked up sometime before ten or so in the morning.
@ lyz  merci !!  so what is it about us that the show speaks to?  quick everyone.. 5 words that describe your character... for me: adventurous nerdy (in a cool way) intellectual inquisitive compassionate
the unique thing about this veronica mars kickstarter is that it has brought a lot of new people into the kickstarter community.  veronica mars is the first project backed for many people on this comment board.  i hope that everyone will stick around after the kickstarter is over and consider backing other great projects.  i think kickstarter is a great model and community.
@jon you said it, and so much better than i could, and i fully totally agree with all of it : vm has just this "petit je ne sais quoi"...
@craig... yeah if this works out like star trek i think people will be happy lol
@ craig,.  that is exactly what i was saying several days ago.. star trek was cancelled abruptly as well and look how big it tuned out to be.. i wanna know when the first veronica mars convention will be!!!  color me there!
@meredith thank you! very informative! good stuff! i just think that this should be a no-brainer for amazon/netflix/youtube/hulu given the success of this kickstarter campaign, built in audience and rob thomas confirming that he'd love to do more episodes!!!! i hope someone jumps on it, but i'm hoping vmars fans will speak out to these content providers too! & be proactive at getting more vmars episodes made.
@joshua james glass - thanks!
@david, i think there are several factors.  first vm was originally on upn, which many households didn't have access too.  then upn merged with wb and vm was carried over but never really properly promoted, though it had a very loyal, if small fan base.  it's fate was always in question and it ended rather abruptly.  also, kristen bell is a very talented actress in a unique role.  the closest thing i can compare it to is the original star trek, which coincidentally was cancelled after three up and down seasons, but created a unique character in mr. spoke which is now iconic.  never under estimate the power of a small group of committed people with a cause.  it's the way america was founded!
i am so pumped!  i agree with those of you who have been talking about vmars fan base.  definately not your typical type of fan.  everyone one here is here because there is something in the show that binds us all together in a kindred spirit sort of way.   loyal to the show of course but i think the glue that binds us together is bigger than the show.  each of us possess a certain quality of character that the show speaks to which draws us like moths to a light bulb.  just what that is im not certain.  i am certain however that its not just one thing but many.... what it may be, i am happy to be a part of it.
@katrina, piratebay.. ;)
@susannah - i watched the first 3-4 episodes on the wb website after backing this project.  the incessant repetitive commercials killed it for me, (one time i had 10 of the same exact commercial) so i think i will have to buy the dvds to properly get up to speed before the movie is released.
@ jonas the la times just had an article about amazon instant looking for  original content.  they might be the more interested party, especially since netflix hasn't seen how arrested development will work out. they probably won't want to try something similar without seeing if it works the first time. there is always youtube. youtube also has an on demand component which might be a viable route. television/ serialized content is a very expensive endeavor. felicia day made it work because she has a licensing deal with a sponsor (microsoft). i don't think it will be financial viable to do more serialized content without getting brands involved to subsidize some of the production budget.
@david there are a couple of other tv shows i'd be willing to do this for, but there aren't many that reach the same heights of me investing in the characters. maybe 5 shows ever, and of them at least 3 got the endings they were supposed to, so there wouldn't be the same need to see more. @katrina wow! that's pretty cool of you. hope you do get the chance to watch it some time, and enjoy! :)
@david,i guess there are a lot of different/converging motivations here,. maybe there's also something about proving wrong the people who cancelled the show, then did not believe in fans'support.
@david - hey fans, marshmellows, cloudwatchers etc.. how do we make this happen???!!! the article below is between rob thomas and e! and rob says he'd love to make new vmars episodes after the movie is made, if netflix or some company funded it! netflix did this successfully to bring back arrested development. why not vmars? especially after the success of this kickstarter campaign! any ideas on how we make this happen? mass emailing netflix? any suggestions?  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return perhaps make it trend on twitter #bringbackveronicamarsonnetflix or #veronicamarsminiseriesonnetflix ....
@charlotte you can change your pledge package if that's what you're asking.  the money isn't being pulled for a little bit longer.  i had a $200 package, and i was able to adjust my pledge when the austin premiere opened up.  what pledge reward do you have right now?  also you have to do is manage your pledge (below the "days to go" section, and you should be able to change it. :)
hey fans, marshmellows, cloudwatchers etc.. how do we make this happen???!!! the article below is between rob thomas and e! and rob says he'd love to make new vmars episodes after the movie is made, if netflix or some company funded it! netflix did this successfully to bring back arrested development. why not vmars? especially after the success of this kickstarter campaign! any ideas on how we make this happen? mass emailing netflix? any suggestions?  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return perhaps make it trend on twitter #bringbackveronicamarsonnetflix or #veronicamarsminiseriesonnetflix ....
@david - i never heard of or saw veronica mars before someone posted a link in one of the other projects i was backing.  i just like the concept of crowdfunding a canceled tv show and the implications it could have for other tv shows.  i also like being a part of something new.
@kate, just do it as soon as you can, i'll welcome you! we have our share of issues there, but i can show you a lots of beautiful things... just feel free!!
i wonder what it is about the show that's making so many people donate.  maybe we're all just really starved for television with some well-rounded characters, snappy dialog, and intelligent murder mysteries.   i mean, i really enjoyed "numbers" (or should that be "numb3rs") when it was on the air, but i wouldn't donate a single dollar to fund a movie based on that tv show - and that's what i feel about every other tv show except for veronica mars.
@charlotte - you can update/change any existing pledges using the "manage your pledge" button to the right. hope this helps
@lyz sounds awesome! we have an intern from france in our office and he was telling me how nice it is over there (all the free health care) so i definitely want to visit. :)
@craig, i hear you... yes, a unique bond it is, but keep your eyes healthy, you'll need them soon, for  "the bitch is back" lol!!!
@kate, yes i will, and i' m very happy about it! but i won't forget your so kind offer, if you ever come to paris, shootme an e-mail @ ly.z@laposte.net, we can rewatch the movie  and  eat some french homemade meals together!
i pledged way back on the first day. i live in australia. now that rewards are open to oversees backing does this mean anyone who pledged previously is also entitled to the rewards?  if not is the best option to cancel my pledge and re pledge?
@lyz, sorry i guess i might need to get my eyes examined.  i've been watching the comment board for over a week and just decided to jump in today when i saw the ticker rolling.  all of us, as vm fans are bonded in a unique way and its easy to lump us together.
all depends on kristen's house of lies.
i wonder if it would be possible to fund a fourth season?
@lyz looks like you will be getting your dvd :d
@phil @craig hey, i think you're confusing lilly and me ... well, no surprise here, we do seem to think alike in a lots  of ways about vm, am i right lilly lol?
@ruth, i think you may have a point.  i remember reading similar things when the series was "on the bubble" for renewal.  the number of backers is almost important as the ultimate amount pledged because it demonstrates the level of passion and international appeal of the series.
@craig, i understood this, i was just kidding, you nknow, need a release from all that waiting  and all thise emotions... of couse jon's right, the santa clause he spoke of earlier came in  march and found me... not near the espresso machine, but frantically tipping and making a lot of typos... breathe, lyz, just breathe... slowly...
lol at a certain time the comments keep coming and coming ^_^ got to love it. ^_^ i see 5 million in our future :d
hobbits on a submarine high school reunion here we come!!!
@craig pretty much lol
@phil, i think she was confused by the term "wet" and "wide release"  in the same comment.  @lyz, i think what he meant is that with $8 million in the budget the movie could be released to a wider number of theaters than a small "cult" film would be.  am i right phil?
@lilly, i had a feeling you would... wow, (yes, wow againlol) comments keep coming and coming, i'd love to be ablike jon's youngest, able to write at light-speed , but i'm not, and i'm feeling dizzy!!!
i jumped on the opportunity to donate to this. loved this show years ago! can't wait to see the movie!!!
@jessica no way.. sydney and melbourne just woke up... darwin is even earlier... i'm hoping for a lunch time and after work push from that area of the world.
nearly 10 grand in an hour and not that many new backers, i think us internationals will help increase the pot more, i;m prob going to get stick for this, but i read ages ago that warners bros didnt; think that there was a demand for a film due to the poor sales of the box sets after the series had ended, so i think that this is mainly assuring the sale of the movie, afterall i'm getting a lot for $100, dont know how there going to ship it to ireland for $10.00, but i'm not complaining,i'd pay any amount requested for postage,
@lyz which comment... i talk too much..
i don't even think people are all awake in australia yet.
@phil , let's keep it together lol, no need to wet anything....  @jon, your santa clause is coming, you did say you don't have to hope, you just know... i'm beginning to think... no, i do think you're very very right!!
@phil your comment confused me lol please explain.
@jonas, it's possible, but fox doesn't seem to view netflix as as much of a competitor as wb does.  fox is mostly a content producer and makes it's money by licensing that content to as many outlets as possible.  wb is both a content producer and a distributer.  therefore, netflix competes for content distribution.  that said these deals are made all the time.  i think rob mentioned netflix because they recently stared making original content like house of cards and a new arrested development series for their streaming channel.
@lyz yes and i agree
we may end up making more today than the past week.  i'm sure it's a spike, but i'm confident with still more than 2 weeks to go we can hit  $5 million (and then some)!
today has been nothing shy of awesome, thank you international folk.
@phil yea :) i've been waiting since the project started to be able to pledge.
@balabanto maybe... maaaybe :-p
@phil some things are best left unmentioned
@jon i will wet myself if this somehow hits 8 million... that's getting into wide release production value.
@phil, yes it is. i hope wb will trust fans' apraisal of a show more from now on. i hope this marks a great change in the way decisions are made by the ... deciders. i hope they'll be more open-minded about international audience. and i can imagine a lot of students writing thesis about  the kickstarter veronica mars movie  project... what, one can dream, lol, we all did, and we're making it !!!!
metfilx just needs to make a deal with wb is all
@phil  @lyz  yes it is.. nearly half way to the end, they have raised twice the original goal!
@kateyanne it's so fun to watch a nice jump and then get a post directly afterward and think.. yep... some people somewhere just saw the news :-)
@craig even though wb owns vmars don't you think there is a way for this to happen? : http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return i mean rob thomas specifically calls out netflix and says that he'd do anything to make it happen :) i mean arrested development was owned by fox and netflix still made it happen for them...
just contributed, so happy people from outside the us can be backers now. i love vm and am so excited i can be apart of making it happen.
@jon yeah, if this project makes 30 million or something, i'll want to punch the wb execs in the face if they don't do another one.
and the money they make can go into the next one!
@lyz it's a great day for this project.
@phil i agree the amount of ppl donating is just a small fraction of the amount of ppl that will see the movie! i have tons of friends that excited to see it but haven't donated.
@phil, @craig i do agree with you. btw, have you noticed the percentage of backers/comments become higher and higher too?
@craig i just want a great movie... after that.... i like these people... the cast, creator, etc... they just did great work.
@jon great suggestion! call netflix at 1-866-579-7115 tell them you want to veronica mars on the playlist.
@jessica thank you for the suggestion! glad to know you've already requested it from netflix! :-)
@phil, i couldn't agree more.  these nearly 61,000 people have actually pledged money to a project without having anything concert to support.  we are the "angel investors" in this project.  it's ultimate commercial success will depend on the product rob thomas produces from that investment and whether the public like it or not.
@lilly, a big part of dreaming of a movie was for me to get closure about a lot of lost ends, i was very frustrated by the cancellation of the show, for it did enhance a lot of problematics and gave no answer or so about them. for that reason, i'd be very glad with a movie only if it gives closure to the fans. but if the movie gives answers and raise new questions, a sequel or a series could be fantastic imo. however we'd have to be sure answers are coming... is my point clear?
@wai-yin the backers of this project in absolutely no way reflects on how many people will watch the movie. just like only a handful of people comment on the board but 61,000 have spent money.
instead of flooding netflix or wb with request to make another  vm project, i think it's better to flood your friends, family, acquaintances, co-workers with  requests to watch the show and/or watch the movie. if the movie only get 60,000 viewers when it is released, no studio will ever produce another vm project again. the best way to help vm live on is to help get new viewers.
@jessica, warner bros., which owns the rights to veronica mars, also owns hbo and tnt.  they consider netflix a primary competitor so the number of wb originated shows on netflix for streaming is limited or nonexistent.
call netflix at 1-866-579-7115 tell them you want to veronica mars on the playlist.
@lilly i'm a little worried about how many stories they'd get out of it... but done piece meal, it could retain a very high level of quality.
am i the only one that just wants a movie? idk i just feel like a movie will give it its proper ending it should have had and if we get a sequel that's great but i wouldn't want a new series of vm. although i would watch it if it happens
i finished re-watching season 3 last night, where it leaves off with veronica voting for sheriff... i couldn't believe that was really the end... was it?  i felt like i was missing something.... so many issues were left unanswered...
hi guys.  another vm fan from the uk here.  so happy to be able to contribute, and know that there are so many other people who still love his show.
i also asked them to get vm season 1-3 on netflix
@tabetha - i say yes!
should we start flooding netflix with calls after the movie is released and start petitions now???
@jonas -  i did the live chat on the netflix website and the rep said they mark requests as such and forward them to their content team for review.
hey fans, marshmellows, cloudwatchers etc.. how do we make this happen???!!! the article below is between rob thomas and e! and rob says he'd love to make new vmars episodes after the movie is made, if netflix or some company funded it! netflix did this successfully to bring back arrested development. why not vmars? especially after the success of this kickstarter campaign! any ideas on how we make this happen? mass emailing netflix? any suggestions?  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return perhaps make it trend on twitter #bringbackveronicamarsonnetflix or #veronicamarsminiseriesonnetflix ....
thank you for shipping to finland! :)
please include the asia continent. particularly singapore, that's where i live.  there's only 16 days left, guys /: sigh.
@jonas... every exec on the planet is watching this kickstarter... if the talent and the producer want it most outfits will be thinking reeeeal hard about it.
it's ok to get hopes up; that is what made this movie happen after so long!!!! ;)
@phil  i agree a mini series would be so great!! any ideas for how we should get this to netflix attention? i can't seem to find an email address on the netflix website :-(
@jonas or something like the sherlock series on bbc.. 3  hour and a half episodes every year or two... and that's another awesome show.
word spread!!! ;)
@phil @tonya thank you for the suggestions!  i think i'll do the marshmellow bit! stars do multiple show projects all the time! especially when they are on premium channel shows that only film for 3months of the yr! typically there are not problems with doing multiple series as long as they do not directly compete. plus if rt brought it up and said he'd be thrilled to do it, i'll bet he could make it happen! even just a 6 episode mini series  once a yr on net flix would be amazing!!  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return
i believe that rob & co are likely astounded by the outpouring of support worldwide.  they aimed for a movie, which they will do, but now they are aware there are way more fans than they expected.  they are likely working hard on writing the movie, pre-prod stuff etc. but if we holistically contnue to show our support and make this as successful as possible they will determine what to do with the momentum.   just my two cents.
@jonas i just don't want people getting their hopes up for 20 episode standard type tv series prospects... i could totally see them doing mini series or as i said earlier, columbo type t.v. movies.
@tabetha no problem! thanks for looking at it! spread the word! :-)
@phil i know kb is on house of lies but that show has a short filming season with only 12 eps per season. stars that are on premium show typically do lots of other projects when they are filming because of how much time they have. i think it is very realistic that this could be done if it has the right support! netflix could do like a 6-12 episode mini series like @tabetha suggested and it wouldn't interfere with bell's schedule for hol. :-) anyone know how to email netflix? i can't seem to find an email address on their website.. just a phone number...
whoa - almost 8k since i pledged!!!
sorry.. easy peasy (not easy least... pesky kindle)
i'd go to paris or london for a premiere (sister in london and brother in paris) easy least! see you the@backup ismydog and @lyz (if they'd do it)
i'm so excited to see all the excited people from foreign regions coming on the board!!
international deliveries yohooooo!! just pleged :dd
if rt says he would like this success to lead to a mini-series he might know some insider info that we don't of how kristen bell would be able to work on the project.
@ jonas - mail them marshmallows or mars bars.  but i agree with @ phil - kb is probably under contract and could not do another series (or even have the time?).
@harriet thank you. let's "settle" for liking the board!!!
you never know what can happen....
@candicemarshall hey fans, marshmellows, cloudwatchers etc.. how do we make this happen???!!! the article below is between rob thomas and e! and rob says he'd love to make new vmars episodes after the movie is made, if netflix or some company funded it! netflix did this successfully to bring back arrested development. why not vmars? especially after the success of this kickstarter campaign! any ideas on how we make this happen? mass emailing netflix? any suggestions?  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return
@lyz - if they open one in paris or london i'll meet you there!
@backupismydog, okay, i thought maybe you vwere in france or belgium, we could have gone together... if they open a reward incliding a premiere in uk...,
i say, petitions, mass email netflix, writing rt, making posters.... whatever we can!  we have already shown that fan support can do a lot!!! i have even heard of hbo and showtime being possible contenders to wanting to pick up mini-series like one of veronica mars, due to fan support!
jonas, thank you for posting that!!!!!
@jonas house of lies is a successful program that kb is already on... sooo it would be real tough for this to go through right now.
hey fans, marshmellows, cloudwatchers etc.. how do we make this happen???!!! the article below is between rob thomas and e! and rob says he'd love to make new vmars episodes after the movie is made,  if netflix or some company funded it! netflix did this successfully to bring back arrested development. why not vmars? especially after the success of this kickstarter campaign! any ideas on how we make this happen? mass emailing netflix? any suggestions?  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return
@lyz - i'm in nyc but have a very good friend in london that i like to visit once a year or so.
@harriet.. just enjoy the fun! and thank you for the notation :-)
i wish this has a "like" button for posts... so many things i wish i could have liked @lyz comment... plus katy and phil (long lost cousins finding each other on here) etc etc
@backupismydog where are you?
talk about amazing. us v-mars fans pledging twice the original goal!! i have never been happier to be surrounded by a great group of people. you all are amazing and i can't wait to see the film. way to go mr. thomas! i've loved veronica mars since the first episode and i can't wait to see my favorite cast back at it.
@harriet @lyz - i also have a friend in london i could visit if there were a uk premiere.
large chunk of eu has just started their easter holiday, so might help a lot too :d
@harriet, i sure would cross the channel for that!!
@jon  i have no idea how??? haha i was hoping some fans would organize something... like maybe we start and email campaign to netflix or we send netflix something in the mail? idk.. any suggestions?
it would be great if they could do a uk premiere. i think a lot of us would pay good money for that!
i wait until today to up my pledge so i could be a part of the second big rush, i think i will again as soon as i'm sure i can. thank you , mister rob thomas and your team for making all of this possible. thank you, you all commenting here for making me feel so at home on board (to many names, but you know what i mean! welcome to all the newcomers!! and.... just wow!!!
hey marshmallows and cloud watchers!!!  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return… this is amazing! what do we need to do to organize a huge fan request for netflix to bring back vmars episodes just like they did for arrested development? after the movie of course! yay! i'm in vmars heaven right now!
@harriet i think that is very true... i'm just hoping the rest come along for the ride.
okay my fellow generous marshmallows this is awesome this sends a clear message that fans can have a voice and make a real difference so how about spreading the love around especially my fellow brits.  there's a completed and ready to release independent comedy horror film that needs out support as well they only need a mere £25,000 to release the film.  the film is called 'the devil went down to islington' so what are you waiting for.
has anyone else noticed that (according to kicktraq) that there are only 746 ish new backers today.. but 115k ish has been pledged so far today... looks like us non us fans all pledged to get our movie.. but upped our pledges as soon as we were allowed to be included in the offerings....
@australian fans you are all just getting up i imagine... get to bidding, the issues are solved! wooohoo!!
been lurking since the beginning, just waiting for this opening :p huuuuuge fan of veronica... :)
australian rewards are available, yes! dvd and t-shirt, come to me!! excited to see the pledge moving a bit more quickly now :)
@wowdane welcome to the show :-)
@lyz yeah it's been exploding for the last two hours..even compared to how well it did when it was first announced that the issues were over.
another eu backer signing in :d
wow, just wow!!!! i just came back after half a day away, 4.m are there and passed over, international issues are resolved!!!!!!!!!!!! i just upped my pledge, i'll see the film, numbers are rising non-stop, wow  fellow marshmallows, so happy!!!!!
wow scratch that 15k... that was fast.
over 14k this hour
yay so excited that new zealand can get rewards. just increased my pledge amount :)
i admit... i had some skepticism as to whether the international audience was big enough to get the counter flying again... man did i underestimate the popularity of this show overseas!!!
i'm so glad i got to see the moment we hit 4 mil.. i had a salesman here who showed up late for our meeting..  i got up three times just to check, and i got it.. had to take a screen shot.. he was probably wondering what the heck i was doing!!!
4 million!!! wooohooo!!! so i was thinking about it and if i could have afforded to pledge enough to get a voicemail, i would definitely be getting jason dohring to give me an inspirational message of the day :)
so exciting to watch the counter go up so quickly again!
the wb should really link to this kickstarter.  they are probably getting a ton of hits from this kickstarter from people watching or rewatching full episodes of veronica mars...
the counter is truly hypnotizing.  this is really fun to watch.
it's moving at like 13k an hour now... this... is impressive.
thank you, non- north american fans!
they should think about adding a few more higher-level rewards before this thing is over!
this movie is going to be amazing.
wooo, look at that!  $4 million!!!!!!!!!!
awesome! one of the kristen bell voicemail rewards opened up and i was able to upgrade my pledge to it! any ideas for what she should say in the message? so excited for this movie!!
@phil my mom loved those columbo movies.  i remember in the 90s, they used to do smokey the bandit movies like that.
if this pace is maintained, we will have about $4,157,000 by day's end, putting our total of the day to over $250,000.  i think it'll slow down later, but who knows.
@candice that's something exciting to think about... just occasional tv movies like they did with columbo after the series!
i'm suppose to be working, but i can't stop watching the numbers go up.
i wouldn't mind a three part mini series on netflix or maybe they can make a box office trilogy.
$4.27 per second average.
moving toward ten grand+ an hour? helllooooo australia/new zealand!
@tabetha it would be so difficult with all the stars currently under contract with other things to start the show back up... but a sequel? if we go pay to watch it... it could happen.
i really think we can get these numbers high enough to see a new series on netflix and/or a sequal movie, like rt is hoping!!!!
@tabitha - thanks for posting, i didn't realize there was an imdb update already up.  so amazing.  just feeling more and more real.
international fans are amazing!!!!  <3
see?
er, that's per minute, rather.
something happened... it's flying.
if my math is correct (and that's a pretty big if, since i'm, you know), we make an average of $275 per second.
it's doing about a thousand every four minutes right now... i hope this holds up for a few hours.
@ phil  - i think it's still pretty early in sydney so between eu evening and aus/nz morning i think the next few hours should be a steady rise
and my sister just pledged $60 (well technically i did since she's using my credit card :p) that brings our combined total up to $270! i'd expect the biggest push from eu to be happening right now since people are getting home from work who probably couldn't check the site until now :)
@phil they are waking up to good news.
upped my donations today, $25 to $110, worth every cent, i'm in ireland, watching it all day, missed it going to 4 million but i think its going to be steadily up all evening
@julia rob said that he and kristen are already contracted to do the movie.
@backupismydog... you realize it's only just getting to be dawn in australia/new zealand?
@phil  - i think the eu fans are getting home and seeing the good news
everyone's upping their pledge with ten dollars to get the rewards now that we're allowed to partake
anybody else notice it's done over five grand in the last twenty minutes?
i'm pretty sure everyone, probably even including kb, is technically in negotiations still.
@tiger - you are correct - when you click through to the details it does say in negotiations.
says her contract is being negotiated for me.
@tabetha - looks like mac is attached to the project now. cool.
@julia... i still love seeing that it had been floating at 4.2 million for days and now we could hit that by tomorrow.
vm fans should feel proud!!!
@phil just fyi, kicktraq only updates their projections once a day, at around midnight edt. i'm sure tomorrow it will be back to a ridiculously high projection! :)
just so cool to see this up on the imdb website!! http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2771372/…
you can really see the international push... hoping it keeps rolling.
@michelle thank you for posting that article!! love!!!!
just upped my pledge from $10 to $110 just because its now available in the uk
yes! it extended to the uk. i just pledged. i can't wait for the movie. i only found out about the cancellation around 2009 (because that's when they aired it in the uk) and i was devastated, annoyed, bitter but all of them feelings are gone now that we'll finally get closure for the show!
don't know if anyone say this: http://jezebel.com/5992514/10-things-i-learned-from-veronica-mars ten things i learned from vm
@jon great man! geeze i wish i had the money to double up.
just doubled my pledge! :)
over 200,000 liked the project, but only 60,500 have backed it.. :p
i walked away for five minutes and came back to see it jumped a few grand :d this could be a great day!
well, it's 1 p.m. here. i have to go back to work. have fun, everyone.
it is only 7 pm in europe!  the night is young as people are having dinner and start uo their computers.
and it's still reasonably early in uk
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@phil oh yeah, it's thursday morning there.
@candice australia
@samantha, we've been glued to the counter.
thanks from the uk just upped my pledge to $60 from $10 watch that counter go up as yhe international fans show our love
by the way, kicktraq thinks at the bottom it'll do 4.2 mill... but since it's a 4 and we are only half way through.... that projection sucks :-p
yes!! thanks for including more countries in the rewards. pledge upped :)
@phil it's night in europe. i think it might slow down unless they are night owls like me.
yeah, that's my projection, candice.
@candice it's already done 97,000 today...
@david me too 135pm  est!
@robyn... i can dream but it's not pacing like the first day did... still going to be a great day for vm fans no matter what!
vm fans are awesome!!!!!!!  i swear i don't do bumper stickers, but i want a vm one so everyone knows that i am a fan!!!!
i think we can do a 150,000 today.
whoa crap.
if the us reached $2 million in one day... i think today might just be another $2 million day!!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ invite all your friends to join the page or group! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!!
yea!!!!!!!
i got a screenshot of hitting 4 million!!!!
hopefully we can reach 5 million with the help of europe and oceania!
$4 million! yes!!!!!
it jumped two spots on kicktraq since international was announced!  vm is a worldwide phenomenon!
ahhhhhhh! yes! today is a high day indeed. we're all awesome :) way to go, international (and all.. i guess we're all international?) pledging marshmallows! this movie is going to be awesome and i have full faith that there will be a sequel to look forward to as well :) back to work! (but still lurking)
ahhhh! $4 million!  amazing.
congrats rob and kb on passing $4m! 16 more days; another $4m?
yesssss!!!!!!!!
keep pushing guys!! great job getting the word out!
kb said it best:  "veronica mars fans rule!"
woo hoo!!!  $4 million!  time for lunch!!!  :)
@tanya back to school work for me!
baaaam!!!!!! wooo hoooooo
4 million! in the time it took to write the last message!
yay yay yay
woo-hoo!  now i can get back to work.  ;p
$4 million!!
we hit it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwww!!!
wooooo  hooooo!!!!!   the big 4.0 m is reached.     dare we dream of the even bigger 5.0 m??.  congrats to all of us. most exciting event since vm graduated  h.s.
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whoo
ladies and gentlemen... we have reached $4 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
yay! 4 million and we're only halfway through the campaign!
heck yeah!!!
less than 100
@amber @phil  - i do worry about us all
$4m!!!  ilm to do the special effects!
what am i going to do with my life once it hits $4 million...
so fast now
less than 200
296
less than three!
less than 400...
@amber we are sick individuals
@amber rose. lol
i swear, it's taking forever to refresh the page.. i think we're overwhelming the site with our synchronized page refreshing.. lol
356
thanks for sorting out the international issues. upped to dvd-level
675
so close!
@phil me neither! lol. this is waaay more exciting
i wasn't this excited counting down to the millenium!
1000! let's get this thing done!! this is great!
this is as exciting as watching my car hit 200k miles.
aaaauuugggghhhhh!!! less than $1000
~1k to go
this is big... 200% of goal coming... 4 mill coming... the suspense is killing me! i hop it'll last...
come on, only 1'600 to go!
wow it's flying now!!
@katy lol!
2 grand more!!!
@ michael ahhhhh so i've met a fellow buffy fan! pleased to meet you, sir!  :) all seven seasons of btvs helped me through my wisdom-teeth-removal-recovery-process last fall :)  i was (seriously) in a depression for weeks after i finished the last episode.  i recently went through the same bliss-and-devastation process with the harry potter series (i know, i'm late on all of this stuff.. grew up in a super conservative religious home and was never exposed to any of it).  so yeah.. this vmars movie is a real pick-me-up! :) i'm glad i get to share my excitement with you all! lovelovelove vmars.  there has never been a show like it.  so witty, intelligent, snarky and fun.. and so well written!
i've noticed every time the counter gets close to a new 100k or 1mill mark it speeds up... what's with you procrastinators!!
@ robyn goldman, stop shouting. and: "we" are not helping "you", we're actually totally working in our own interest. us and our being all vm fans. :d
@katy lol
we're making a lot more than a dollar a second, so i think we're going to hit this within 30 minutes.
thank you international backers for helping us get so close to $4 million!!!!!!!!!!!!! come join us on facebook!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
yeah i don't get out to chicago much :-p though sounds like she's got a better shot at seeing the movie in theaters... can we get this thing up to ten million or so? i need some fresno theater love!
i haven't hit refresh this much since i was waiting to see if i passed the bar exam. so excited!
@michael - send it to rob via the contact me on his site. it seems like his team is manning that but i'm sure he'd like to know
@michael, great post!  that's the main benefit of the internet, it facilitates connection and exchange of information.
and so modest.
@phil yes, i am totally awesome!!
$2,652!!!!
might be a little tough considering i'm in chicago, il and phil is in fresno, ca!
@michael haha i'll just take the totally cool cousin. rt has a movie to make!!
@tracy i was thinking the same thing!
i'm happy for katy and phil.  hopefully you can make up for some lost time soon.  maybe rob will invite you both to a premiere or something.  ;)
michael you ned to get that to rob thomas somehow it's genius and i'm sure he would love to read it
i bet rob thomas never expected his kickstarter campaign to actually bring families together. lol. and omg less than $3,000 to go!
@ amber it's nice to have a place to share some love with other people.  the internet was my outlet for buffy love and now it helps with my veronica love!!! :)
so i upped my pledge because i'm from europe and now am able to receive my goodies. i would pledge even more if i got a mug. yay!
@michael that was a super nice post man!
@michael love it!
myrtle
midwest actually but currently freezing my arse of in turtle beach!
@ katy and phil, this is what i posted on my fb: as some of you may be aware, there's currently a kickstarter happening right now for a veronica mars movie.  a couple of times a day i'll check the comments section to feel the love from other fans.  this morning, amidst the excitement of nearing $4 million raised, two long lost cousins announced that they found each other through this kickstarter.  katy grocholski has never met her cousin phil costales.  her mother (his aunt) hasn't seen him since he was a baby.  and because their full names were displayed in the comments section for the veronica mars kickstarter (and katy happens to have a rare last name!) they were able to figure out that, yes indeed, they are related.  they are both so happy and i'm just amazed at how something like this can happen.  per katy, "for all those on the board who don't know, phil and i are related and we never met until we ran into each other on this kickstarter comment board. veronica mars, bringing families together. lol"  yes, thank you veronica mars, bringing people together since 2004.  good luck to katy and phil!!! :)
i love the cross-section of fans we have watching this right now.  i'm about to go on a conf call and my boss is out today so i can flagrantly keep this page open.
so, 3:30 pm east coast time.
backupismydog.  and that was one of the reasons we moved here twelve hour days and three hour commutes
i have 40 minutes of lunch... let's make this happen!!!!!!!!!!!
if we make a dollar a second on average, we'll hit 4 million in 73 minutes.
@tracy you must live on the east coast.
the uk is usually 5 hours ahead but as they haven't yet sprung forward in-laws they did it last sunday thanks mum for telling me!!!!! she was rather excited about booking her flight over here so i will forgive her.
this is the most it's pulled since the fourth day and that was an entire day... plus gonna take time for foreign folks to realize they can get their stuff now.
well i work at a credit union, but apparently, i can't do math. we aren't three away.. it's more like four.. but ehh, give it a few more minutes :) haha
brooding in space!
boobs in space!
@tigernightmare lol
it is 5 pm in the uk.. or just after.. time to get my daughter her supper but don't want to miss passing the 4 million mark... shame she can't read me updates ( she is 4) so fingers crossed i'll be back in time to witness the momentous moment!!!
@tabetha i know how you feel. i need to practice my steno more today too and i'm waiting until we hit that magic number before i go back to that!!
@tigernightmare ate a cookie.... those uk folks are sly ones!
come on numbers, keep going up.....  i am waiting for the 4 million before returning to homework!  lol. :)
@phil right now, pacific is only +7 because of dst and they don't switch to summer time until, uh, i forget.
@phil lol i sympathize.. i'm google-iming my husband like crazy right now. he's the only person who understands.  i'm at work, just beaming, and as i'm looking around me, wanting to tell people the incredible things happening here, i realize that no one cares or understands.  at all.  but that's okay :)  glad i can share the excitement with you guys!
thanks katy and phil!  posting now.  :)
threemorethreemore!
i've been telling everybody you'll never guess what happened on the veronica mars boards... and then they look at me funny and ask what veronica mars is.. but that's ok, i enlighten them :-p
definitely just around 6 or so now in the uk ... just got off calls with coworkers who are still in  office there
i'm doing social media for my boyfriend's side business malicious vintage so my name is all over the place right now! lol
omg, i can't believe we are so close to 4 million.
@michel yeah i don't care if you use my name.
@michael @ katy i'm soo cool with it and names are fine with me :-)
@michael- that's cool with me. phil- you cool with that?
@tracy... thought it was nine hours from pacific time..maybe only eight...been a while since i've had to know the time in the uk lol
i hope our international friends are remember to add the extra $10 to their pledge for shipping.  :)
@michael. that's fine with me. phil, you cool with that?
international fans rock so much.
i kinda like to keep a wall between my real identity and my ghostly internet presence.  only let a few people climb over.
@mike omg that dog is adorable...sorry off topic...
@ katy, i think i'm going to mention how you and phil found each other on my fb.  it's too cool of a story not to share!  i won't use names if you'd prefer me not to.
er, international
way to go internationa vm fans :)
upped my bid to $110 as soon as they started shipping the rewards to the uk. really exciting watching the numbers go up again, let's hope it keeps increasing!
it's only 5pm in the uk and ireland at the moment so hopefully people will come in from work and see the good news and be on it like a shot?
we're down to just $4,995......
@ amber  i can feel the excitement building again! :) @ backupismydog yeah, weird how a voice recording is restricted.  huh.
@michael meh. doesn't bother me to have my last name on here. we're all one big veronica mars family!! lol
yeah, you can alter your name in settings.  my last name was originally shown but i removed it a while back (you can probably still find it somewhere in these comments).
@michael that was my first guess/ estimate this morning - 4.2 million! i think that it's a very realistic goal/ expectation :)  we'll see! and if we could just get a fewwww more stretch goals, god, i can only imagine what kind of total we'd end up with..
now i'm hungry.
@michael, adding europe and oz seems to be the jumpstart to $4 million.  i expect pledges to increase as the month ends too.  many people budget by the month.  i know i'll probably boost my pledge if i have extra at the end of the month.
@tigernightmare it doesn't really bother me to have my real name on here. i'm not ashamed of being a love/veronica mars addict. besides, i was able to connect with long lost relatives!!
if they could open the voicemail recording option to intl backers we could raise 40k more or so...
well it's already about 7 to 9 pm in europe... so we may get a second push tomorrow... not sure when the international stuff went up... it wasn't up at 1 a.m. last night...
i would happily pay someone a grand to grab their second ticket to the after party.
@katy i have a facebook i never use.  i changed my real name to genetic disintegration or something like that.  but i signed up on here with just my e-mail address.  i think you're allowed to change stuff via your profile, though.
we're definitely raising $100,000 today.  but dare we dream of $200,000?  could we hit $4.2 million before the day is out?  stay tuned! :)
lol@tracy.. that is too funny! i sure wish they'd offer a few more ny or austin, tx premieres.. :) i'd definitely up my pledge at this point.  i'm way too excited about this.
tiffany we are on holiday and while my family are go karting i'm sitting glued to my kindle waiting for that 4 million to hit. now that's sad! but do i care? not on your nelly! i keep waving as they go by is i'm not a terrible mum really
$5,370 to $4 million... chug-a-chug-a-chug-a...
refresh, refresh, refresh....
@phil i'd rather see all the money on the screen.  maybe rt can blow something up
holy smokes, y'all. it's gonna happen! $4 million!!!!
@katy and phil, congratulations! that is too neat! also on a good note, only 5400 to go! craaaazy!
only 5000 to go! this is so exciting!
@backupismydog tell them at 8 million you might get crab cakes!
my date to the ny premiere thinks i'm way too obsessed with this.  however, i'd be eviscerated if i uninvite them to the premiere.
holy crap!  look at the counter fly!  it's been taking days to make $100,000 and we've almost done that in just the past few hours!  $4 million is a certainty!  $5 million is within reach!!!
i have to admit... i've been watching kicktraq projections and it's been predicting 4.3 million roughly for about five days... i just looked at it... it hasn't updated for a while but i said...out loud.... "what's your projection now, punk?"
@tigernightmare i just signed in with facebook and it popped up my real name. didn't even realize you could use something different.
almost 4 million!!!!
come on europe....get us to $4 million!!!
i'm not using my real name.  my parents aren't that weird.
@katy no kidding!
@tiffany when i wake up in the morning i check the news sites and just keep popping over to the counter.. leave the computer on and pop in to check the boards and the totals as i go about my day... fantastic!
way. too. excited.
@phil. thank this board for making you use your real name!
i feel as though i should be seeking out a 12 step group or other type of therapy for my addiction for watch this pledgeometer move.  then i think, right here is my community of love.. or love... =))
@michael. lol. so true.
it was pretty funny seeing one of the rarest last names on here and being like....waaaaait a miiiinute.....
@phil. hence it being so addictive!!!
@katy conratulations!  veronica mars bringing people together since 2004! :)
god it feels like the first day... every time i reload i get amped up!
@tabetha. weirdest thing to happen to me in a looong time
@phil bahahahaha.
@phil and katy, that is awesome.... newsworthly for sure!!!
first cousins at that!
@katy tell her i'm rich and powerful :-p so....lie.
for all those on the board who don't know, phil and i are related and we never met until we ran into each other on this kickstarter comment board. veronica mars, bringing families together. lol
@phil lol. i told my mom and she told me she often wondered what became of you. last time she saw you was when you were a baby.
@katy what up new found cuz!
@stephen ouya wasn't even the highest but it was funnier than stupid plastic watch. :-p
@stephan, that's a good approach.  i just wish it was more ubiquitous.   there is common ground, but people need to focus on the long term and not just the next election or hot issue.
staring at the screen waiting for that magical 4 million to appear...it's sooo addicting....
@ phil i see what you tried to do there.
meant 8,025 but now its only 8k
25 bucks left
now that we have international support, can we be the biggest kickstarter ever? ouya we can. :-p
and seeing how rt keeps retweeting people he doesn't follow, i don't think it's a problem.
i can't see anything in the settings about that.  i don't want to get e-mails whenever something happens.  if i just change it all to "by anyone" but leave the boxes unchecked, it resets to the default setting when i click save.  so i think that's just if you want to get e-mailed when you get retweeted, favorited or replied to.  i do have to visit someone's page directly to set whether or not i want to see their retweets or not.  but as it is, i can see any @ mentions with the @ tab on echofon and you can do the same in a web browser by clicking @connect.
i think it said add 10 dollars on the promos before...
@ craig i am not easily offended. i always suggest that if you are calm and comfort the bear won't attack.
if i already pledged from canada before they added the $10 to ship outside us option do i have to re-manage my pledge or will it do it automatically?
@amanda,  i kinda likes  ryan hansens response "that's our car chase and nudity fund"  that was typical dick-philosophy!
@stephen, independence is a beautiful thing!  i said relatively liberal because i tend to fall that way on many of the issues of the day.  i don't think any political party has a monopoly on wisdom.  it just seems like some people who support  one of the major parties are currently trying to corner the market on crazy.  no offense intended.
great news on the international support! upped my pledge 2000% now we just need a european release party as well :)
at 9 am pacific... i'm digging this..
@michael you're welcome! this could be temporary. i'm not sure. but just in case anyone was unaware.
@lilly i saw that. but it's probably safer to change your settings for now.
@kate twitter support said they have there engineers working on the issue. maybe it's temporary
@kate - thanks for the heads up!
less than $10,000 left to go!!!
@ craig ahh a liberal!! i am an independent.
@balabanto lol @michael in my understanding this just happened. considering that #wewantoldtwitterback is trending like crazy
i know everyone wants stretch goals...but guys the stretch goals are a better movie.  it's like rob said, "a two million dollar fundraising total probably means cross words are exchanged at the class reunion. three million? we can afford a full-on brawl"  movies are not cheap....anything that they might want to do requires money.
how to fix your twitter settings-------> email notifications-------> change "by people i follow" to "by anyone" hopefully our vm stars will do the same.
@jon, just kidding.  as a relatively liberal, straight, white guy in his early fifties from central pa, i've had my share of stupid comments from "friends" on various issues.  i just assume that i have very little privacy anymore and everything i say is at least what i really believe.  i don't waste a lot of time worrying about haters.  life's too short.  sort of a vm attitude, right.
@balabanto  lol!
okay, peeps.  a lot of international options are available.  let's get this rolling!!!! :)  and thanks to kate for the twitter info.  checking my settings now.
people who watch sons of anarchy or jersey shore might be, kate. if dick cheney liked it, he would be in the closet, too.
yes, bring on the stretch goals, although i would strategically wait until like friday morning or sometime next week, when the pledging has slowed down yet again.
@kate - when did that change?
@lilly yeah rob and kristen have to change the settings before they can see our tweets. it will be much harder to do another twitter chat like the first one.
@kate what?!!!
@tigernightmare - i have no idea. when i used to be an active twitter user (2 yrs ago) they were mostly pornbots @kate - i had no idea - will change settings now
*may not make. oops
who the hell would be a "closet" vm lover? vampire diaries, i can see. but vm is considered "cool".
@jdl - exactly! i'm almost at my max pledge now, but a little incentive make convince me to go up a bit... (though i probably will anyway on the last day even if i hear nothing)
@craig,   no man!  proud of it.. but you know those people who like to interject stupid comments on things they know nothing about annoy the crap out of me..
@michael southwick stretch goals would be awesome. i'm a little appalled that we don't have any yet, to be honest. they encourage existing backers to up their pledges.
basically all the celebrities that people tweet at won't ever see their fan response anymore. it's kind of the dumbest thing ever.
*they don't do anything
hey guys, if you did not know, twitter just changed its policy so that people that don't follow you won't see your retweets, mentions, or favorites. you have to go to notifications and change your settings to "anyone". so if you tweet @imkristenbell or @robthomas and they don't respond, that might be why. it sucks.
@ backup - i was just being a dork in saying that i'm greedy :p
@backupismydog most of my followers aren't real, though.  it's weird, though.  these accounts pop up all over the place, follow a bunch of random folks and then they do anything, so they don't get spamkilled by twitter.  wassup with that?
@jon, i think there's a way to limit who sees what posts.  if not i'm surprised that some of the people on my friend list are still there.  i've recently become much more open about posting my political opinions and i know there are people on my list who definitely are not in agreement.  maybe they just ignore me now.  are you a "closet" vm lover who fears ridicule?
hopefully they'll offer some incentives for boosting your pledge in the last day or two... even if everyone went up by like five bucks, that's a whole lot of extra dough.
@tigernighmare  yeah s'not my favorite either.  some find the best vmars fan website with a chatroom or comment area like this we can assemble permanently after the kickstart program ends!
@michael - i don't think we're being greedy. just showing our support for a show we love.
@phil - most definitely! but i know there's still holdouts because the project has technically met goal. i just wanna beat that damn pebble watch! (like i said... greedy).
@tigernightmare - i've been tweeting regularly about this to an old twitter account that still had about 600 followers.  i'm interested to see how many of them will finally unfollow that account.  but there may be 1 or 2 ppl that actually back this so it's worth it
i haaaaaaaaate facebook.
@michael in about eight hours it's jumped almost 80 grand.. gotta love that... i don't know what time it went international but it feels almost as good as the first day!
@craig,   yeah fb has a place but the problem is that when you write stuff in there it goes to everyone on your friend list... and you will invite comments from outsiders!
well, i just got a text letting me know it went international... and i see the numbers have jumped... looking fantastic!!!
so we're almost at double the goal... i'm still holding out for some strrrrrreeettcchh goals. looking less and less likely with each passing day, but i can't help wondering how much more we'd get with those in place. ha, ah well. at this point i guess i'm just being greedy :p
nope, they can't. sorry never mind!
here's a cute pic of kristen and backup from season 1 that rob tweeted, not sure if non twitter users can see it but i posted it anyway... pic.twitter.com/hulxfjh7z9
btw, we just passed project eternity to become the #3 highest kickstarter of all time.
i tweeted the news to my four active human followers and 20 spam bots.  hopefully the spam bots have money.
i just posted the added backers to all comic con pages and vm fan pages that i could find on facebook; hopefully that helps!!
what connection? ;)
@jon, in addition to the neptune rising forum, facebook has a veronica mars movie page that i'm sure will endure beyond the kickstarter project.
@jon, your right we need just over $15,000 in 20 minutes.  i could say that i was converting to english currency for @gavin, but the truth is i subtracted wrong.
@susannah... she used to live in ampthill, and i thought that was a funny place!
@mari i think they're still working to add more countries, so keep the faith.
@mari,  i heard there was something funky going with brazilian currency exchange something to do with china... not sure though.. may have been a factor.
@jon ah, milton keynes. such an odd place. good for trips to ikea though. ;)
been watching this for days and decided that with the international shipping available that i would pledge. v excited to see this hit the $4million mark
brazil was scorned :(
@jon, i agree!! :)
@jon check out the neptune rising forums
@susannah,  oh!  you are out near my sister... well sort of, she live in milton keynes!
@jon great idea. i agree!
behold my psychic power.  i said yesterday that we would get international backing and an update this week.
@all  we should find a venue where we can all get together after the kickstarter drive is over..  so we can all post, chat or whatever..  its not often you find this many like-minded people that have such a connection.
thanks, @tigernightmare!  i can't believe it's been that much!
@jon i'm in oxford. :)
@jon, yes wonderful thinks can be accomplished when dreams and ideas are met with cooperative efforts.  that's why i remain an optimist even in these contentious times.  this whole effort is just a small example of what can be accomplished when like minded people get together!
according to kicktraq, we've made $77,996 today.  this message will expire in 0 seconds.
@all the uk people   welcome!
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-daily looks like we may reach $100k in pledges today! sweet!
love it!!! spread the word!!!  as of right now, residents of the following countries can pledge to the veronica mars kickstarter project: australia, austria, belgium, denmark, finland, france, germany, ireland, italy, luxembourg, netherlands, new zealand, spain, sweden, uk.
didn't it start off at around 960k this morning? we've already made 22k? amaaaazing. hitting 4 mil is a definite.. what i'm really hoping is that we'll make it to 4.2 by the end of the day! :)
yes! glad us uk fans can finally contribute!! so excited!!! now just wondering if the movie will be released over here... :)
hurrah, can be official part now, even though already pledged as just wanted movie. now i get the goodies too. woohoo. can't wait
18k left!!!!
so excited that the uk is now included! i had pledged money anyway as i love veronica mars...but just upped it!!!
@gavin, it might even hit $4 million by noon us east coast time.  it will mean about $8,000 in about 30 minutes, but we've done it before.
@susannah   excellent!  what part of the uk?
18.5k left
@susannah congrats, lady! :) i'm happy for all of you guys.
so far today is the 5th biggest day for this project in terms of $$ coming in.
yes! in the uk, have finally become a backer. (was holding off entirely before, with a backup plan of sweet-talking a us friend into backing it for me.) this feels good. :)
@gavin  great job!  kudos to you! @craig  yes i do so agree with you there...  granted with have our internal problem here as well but if everyone everywhere could even just a little common ground we could get some traction toward getting along.
@ john, ( i just edited name) thought the money would be flying up this morning, like the first day, maybe later on, when all time zones are aware
i might just sit here and watch until the counter hits $4,000,000. not really...but the thought is tempting. :) great to see that the options have been expanded for fans from various countries.
just upped to $60 as i'm in the uk. so excited. i'll wear my t-shirt proud. surely this can hit $4 million by the end.
@jon, the american melting pot is what makes us truly great and i think it's truly amazing( a word that is often over used, but is appropriate in this case) that we can all bond over our mutual love of veronica mars.  if only we could all cooperate this easily over other issues.  maybe we should get @robyn to add that to her dreams list!
20k to go marshmallows!!
@ruth.. hahahah good cover.. i am notorious for doing things like that! @amber  why thank you darlin!
@backupismy dog..  yeah the 500 is a little outta my range!  i gotta pay mortgage still!  ill have to pick from the rest of the cast!
@jon cool last name! love the translation!
@ jon, i nearly screamed in office so had to pretend to bang knee off computer, personally jason, but he wouldn't record what i'd want him to say, seeing as your male tina, i'm just happy to get the dvd and extra's,
i would love it if they added a few more premiere packages.  i'm at a point where i could totally justify pledging the money and just call it a "surprise trip" for my husband and i.  :p
@craig,  thats great!  my last name is a variant of the spanish word for good life, or welcome  "bienvenidos"  my father was from lima peru!
whoa shit, did we made 70k last night?  hey, there's an update.  coffee....
i am really tempted up pledge. logan inspirational message of the day sounds really good.
so excited that more countries can help make the best veronica mars movie possible. watching the pledges go up makes me happy! like "is it a pony???" happy :)
@craig  cool!  iche spreche nicht gut deutsch..  iche vestehe ein bission.  meine schwester studiarte der universitat regensberg!
@jon, my last name is actually the german name for the day before ash wednesday.  it's known as fasching or fastnacht in southern germany.  in pennsylvania where i live we celebrate with homemade donuts.
@jon - it looks like there's an opening for a kristen bell vm recording if you are inclined
i'm teetering on an upgrade too jon and ruth i'm thrilled my homeland is now onboard!
@ruth  [loud clapping from my office in michigan]  way to go.. im actually thinking about upping mine again as well.. but then i would have to decide who gets to record my message!  decisions decisions!
@jon, ja bestimmt!  i spreche ein bischen deutsh.  aber ich bin ein americkaner und hab es nur beim universitat studiert.
@charles you are never forgotten!
thank you from australia ! - just upped my pledge !
@lilly...  yes we international backers are over the moon.. thanks for your thoughts..  we thought we may have been forgotten
@craig.. that's a very german sounding name...  verstehen sie deutsch?
just upped my pledge, so happy this morning when rob thomas confirmed international shipping now available and ireland was included in the list,
sorry for the coffee!!!
@craig.. lol!
@jesse  "we used to be friends" was originally on the dandy warhols album welcome to the monkey house  (it has a giant banana on the cover.  it's an awesome album and there's actually a couple of songs that appeared on veronica mars from that album.  their album thirteen tales from urban bohemia is pretty good too.  highly recommend both those albums.  odditorium or warlords of mars has a couple of songs from veronica mars ("smoke it" and "all the money or the simple life honey").  those songs were fun, but i didn't find the album as enjoyable as the other two i mentioned.
@jon, maybe it's a man thing.  my mind went right to the same place yours did.
like cory and topanga happy ending.
@amber  oh i totally know what you mean.  i cant wait to see what rt has in store for us.  i would really love to come home from work and be able to catch a new episode every day! and new movie every year! @amber's dog.... a nice scratchy scratchy behind the ears
@elisa,  just kidding... i work around a lot of roughnecks and the meaning of a "happy ending" to them is shall we say a little different than yours!   you made my morning.. i darn near spit my coffee when i read that!
but,@jon i don't mean that to say that i don't want a sequel.. really, the best possible scenario would be a love open-ended ending. ...  :) lol
sorry!!!
@elisa ditto.  i want a happy ending that definitely, clearly, without a shadow-of-a-doubt places veronica and logan together. forever.
@elisa  careful how you say that!!!  that phrase has ummm "connotations"!!!
@kate @amber  ditto... this page is better than any fb page or twitter hashtag
i want an happy ending!!!
@kate at least it's one of the more budget friendly items on the list.  probably a heck of a lot cheaper than an amanda seyfried/lilly kane cameo appearance.
@kate yes, i agree.  i always loved the way veronica dressed.  when chris (husband) and i go shopping and we see something totally awesome, we say something like "that's a vmars shirt!" or "that's totally a veronica coat."  :)  lol
samesies
@mansah sameeee here! haha i'm such a loser.  i have it up at work, i read it while i'm eating, i check for updates while i'm walking my dog -- .... i'm completely hooked to this page, lol
you're welcome. i think we can all agree the argyle polo should be the top priority.
@mansah thanks :)
@jon goodmorning, buddy!
i'm so happy for international backers!!!!
"naturally, thomas is relieved that the movie campaign didn’t just reach its goal, but is already exceeding it by a healthy margin. apparently he outlined the script based on a budget in the $3 to $5 million range, so if he had only raised $2 million, he would have had to cut back." clearly, everyone is doing an awesome job!  we will definitely reach 5 million, so rob will be able to film the movie exactly as he had planned :)  and the more money we raise, the cooler the stunts and scenes will be.  i'm so proud to be a vmars fan. http://techcrunch.com/2013/03/26/rob-thomas-kickstarter-interview/
@amber. good morning! :)
@kate thanks for the link!  good stuff!
@amber, hahaha... that's me too... the only time i haven't had this page open was when i was sleeping... i find it a  necessary albeit very distracting part of my day :p
ok the natives aka my children are getting restless so we are off go karting. but the kindle is coming with me so i don't miss the 4 mil breakthrough! i'm sure it's going to be before lunch here on the east coast.
@craig very true. good quote @jon right on!
thanks @kate that an awesome list! i like!!!
@craig that would be a perfect "inspirational logan quote" for the movie.
@ kate,  color me there!
@kate, like mlk said, "the arc of history bends toward justice."  sounds like a possible logan inspirational message of the day possibility to me.
does anyone know if the dandy warhols did a full version of season 3's "we used to be friends"? i need to download that
@amber @tracy de nada
@elisa i'm right there with you! my coworkers walk over and see "the veronica mars" screen still up and just laugh.   :)  that's okay.  i'm openly obsessed and proud of it, too! plus, it's not like i don't also have a book on my desk that gets some attention throughout the day..
ahhh i loved that article, @kate! thanks for sharing!
so glad italy is included!!!! i've upgraded my pledge!!!! soooooooo happy... i was bouncing on my chair.... ahhahahha (people at work think i'm insane!!!!!)
kate my dear, that just made me absurdly happy. thanks a million
@jennifer living water, i think it's 5million and he gets tazed. kb tweeted it on one of the first days (as a response to rt's tweet about killing off logan)
loving the international enthusiasm. can't wait for $4 million!!!!!
gonna pass project eternity within a couple of hours or so at this rate. (in fact even their paypal level. but if we're counting paypal levels we're still quite far off from star citizen)
@craig good. that crap was ridiculous anyway.
@stephen haha right you are. it is wednesday. wow i'm tired.
please lord say the argyle polo will be back.
rob just tweeted that he is planning on having at least 16 of the 23 things on this list in the vm movie. http://www.buzzfeed.com/kmallikarjuna/things-that-must-be-in-the-veronica-mars-movie
please include asia, especially the philippines!!!! :) we want to pledge too! i've been watching the last season again just to be ready for the movie.
happy aussie backer here!! woo hoo thanks for sorting out the international backers (well some of us) :- )
@kate, its a funeral for doma.
i think we'll atleast hit 4.2 million by the end of the day! so excited! :) no mention of stretch goals or more rewards packages from rob yet, i guess?
@ kate isn't it wednesday?
@jon party at the u.s. capitol!
read several places if we get 4 million rt gets tazed. did he every say this?
$4 million by noon edt anybody???
yup. i'm also from australia and just upped my pledge several tiers too. thanks for making that happen, rob thomas and co.!
we are only almost to the 30k kountdown!   just 30 more thousand bucks to the 4 mil mark! who's throwing a party for that occasion?
@jon @mansah @tim ok guys thanks for the info :)
@kate  its a tough thing to see someone you love with someone else.  much more to see your love interest with another in the biblical sense...
@kate  me too.
hell yeah!  finally pledged from australia ;-d hope this thing jumps like crazy from now on
poor logan. i felt so bad for him.
@balabanto   i'm with ya! re kim jong un @ lilly,  yeah he did watch the tape...  but logan did say, "well you were naked and i thought...."  meaning the view wasn't that great and hard to tell.
some countries in europe are now shipping approved!!!! wow i am so excited!!!!! what a great way to start my tuesday!!!
@tim, i think you're right about her bare back. and i think 'purposely ambiguous with a conservative lean' is the perfect way of describing it:)
my little book of sloths arrived in the mail today from powells in portland....it was a good omen!! the internet is a wonderful thing! i'm thrilled to be a part of something that is obviously so very dear to a lot of people across the world! thanks for including the wonderful land of oz and my fingers are crossed for the remaining countries in waiting. this is too exciting! xx
it is purposely ambiguous with a conservative lean, imo. but i believe roni. i don't think she lied. if i remember it does show her bare back?
@lilly & tim. obviously we don't get to see more than what logan sees but the fact that it is circulating all over college makes me think that even if it isn't sex it's still very likely to be more than a few innocent kisses (which in itself is still pretty bad because they're happening in a very intimate place and moment which is pretty obvious from the tape as well).
just a thought, the dvd will be region 2, right ?!
happy to send chocolates statewards if it helps my quest to add switzerland to that list. rob, kristen, anyone... let me know what flavour of toblerone you prefer! ;-)
i give up with the autocorrect but again chocolate products as american chocolate is not good, i love almost everything about living here but the chocolate, not so.much.
another englander here, saying overseas rewards rock :)
yay! come on intl backers! help us get to 4m!
thirtieth, send chocolate lots of it and that may work, did i mention i like your chocolate?
england here: just updated my pledge! thanks vm team!
another 45$ pledge from spain, yuppie!!! (^_^)
lilly. i watched the episode like last week. you realize rt wanted vm on like a showtime type channel at first but cw won him over, or wb, or whatever it was. all the characters would have been edgier. on the tape episode logan freaks out before there was a chance for penetration but after she takes her shirt off, they assume its a sex a tape, she says she hasn't had sex with piz yet when logan shows up at mars. it's 100% believable, imo. but if the viewer wants to pretend it was sex i suppose that's possible. but it was stated on numerous occasions in the episode that it wasn't.
any way switzerland could be added to that list? there's so much money in our little country - please give us a good reason to give you more of it! :-)
@tracy damn you, autocorrect. :)
bloody spell checker is the bane of my life balabanto or blatantly at it prefers to address you!!
wohooooo !!  i upped my pledge w/shipping to germany.. rock on!
@tracy don't be too sure. dinosaurs had brains the size of a peanut. kim jong is about as cerebral as a slug.
so excited about international backers..a bit optimistic but i'm hoping for 6 mil! :d
@jon @mansah but didnt logan watch the tape? so what exactly did he see?
blatantly, he is so gonna get the t-shirt now just to wind you up.mate. and he will stamp his little feet as well.
5 million by the end of the day! be heroes!
i'm so glad that north korea is not on the list. i'd hate to think of that jackass kim jong un contaminating this project.
private eyes they're watching you, they see your every move, priiivatte eyesss, they're watching you, watching you!
@nebby that's the price of proprietary things. wow. look at that counter move.
i don't want any physical rewards! i don't want to pay an extra $10 for you to ship me a link to download the movie >.<
yay new update!! more international shipping us available!! go buy marshmallows ;)
thanks rob and co. for bringing australia into the fold, not that it should've been an issue in the first place but kudos all the same :) not really worried about region of dvds/bds since there are ways around it (i.e. region-free players). all that i'm worried about is the digital distribution of the film. hopefully, "everyone" can have access to it regardless where they live! also, i've up'd my pledge accordingly, soz for the apprehensive wait. now that australia, new zealand, europe et al are able to pledge, let's triple the pledge goal. you know we can do it!
i live in africa was very happy when the international shipping opened becoz i will send the stuff to my cousins in the uk. happy that i could contribute more money!!
is it really as cheap as ten bucks to ship overseas?
4.2 mil?
ahhhh yes! today is the day! woke up, read the update and now i'm giddy! @tim: my hopeful guess would be 4.2 million :) the counter is already going crazy..
at work watching the numbers climb... but betting i'll be in with a patient when we reach $4 million... hopefully i'll be there to see us hit $5 million!
finally i could back the movie from spain! hope the international backers option increases the budget!
4.1 million
i'm intrigued to see how big of a boost this new list of pledgeable countries will generate. 4m today seems pretty much guaranteed, here's hoping for some massive boosting! i personally grabbed me a $200 signed poster asap, didn't want to see them run out on me :p
alright guys its 834 est, what's your guess for the 11 pm total?
great that i can finnally pledge   ! fandom knows no frontiers. marie from france
@kangeiko  thanks :-)
as i was typing i did think of my mum and dad four hours ahead of us already tucking con to a bit lunch. have to think globally for awhile!
yay for allowing us euros to pledge decently as well! :d just upped my pledge to 60$.
i bet don cheadle is a marshmallow.
you guys think don cheadle pledged?
i'm a very happy swedish marshmallow right now :) just pledged $50 and am thrilled to be a part of this fantastic project!
@tim - seeing 'lunchtime' in my timezone isn't for another14 hours...i'd say definitely  :p
very tim, the way its going could be on for an early brunch? so exciting.
thank you to rob and the team who have been sorting out int'l shipping behind the curtains.  few questions: 1. dvds - region friendly (uk)? 2. i already chose one of the first 9 rewards before the international shipping opened up to uk, do i have to amend my pledge? or is $10 shipping still valid?
increased my pledge!  thanks for the international shipping options!
4 million by lunch! is that conservative?
hey guys, great to see some more international backing options, i'm from aus, and me and my country-men thank you :) on another note, any chance of getting a reward level below $100 that includes the blu-ray? in fact couldn't the blue ray be added to all the dvd reward levels? maybe for +$5 or something? it shouldn't cost an extra 50 bucks for a slightly different format :)
increased my pledge! thanks so much! maddy, from australia.
thank you from england. :^)
@monique curenti - i think this bit comes after 12th april (after it is 'officially' funded)?
@victoria, as far as i know you do not have to change that manually at amazon. you can just go to manage your pledge, select the higher reward and then add the 10 dollars to that reward for shipping. amazon then sends a mail mentioning that the max authorised amount for this project has been increased to the new amount.
smiling from ear to ear :d
this is so awesome! at the rate we're climbing, we could reach $5 million today!!!!! i almost don't want to go to work... but i've bookmarked the site on my phone so i can follow the numbers all day!!!
goodness gracious! and @robyn, don't think of it as creepy, think of it as psychologically fascinating!
so excited they have opened it up to australians, just did a $50 pledge and i might be stupid but was there somewhere that you could put in your size for the t-shirt?
yay! as a european backer, i'm so excited to increase my pledge! one question / note to those who may know more about kickstarter than i do - i had a $10 pledge that i have increased, but both authorisations were still on my amazon payments account - so i had to delete the $10 one and leave the higher one in place at amazon payments directly. is this correct, and do i need to do this if i change the pledge amount? thank you!
yay for italy!!! i've raised my pledge as well!!!
all the australian backers, be sure to 'like' this page! :) http://www.facebook.com/veronicamarsaustralia
god, look at that counter move! great job, rob!
yay for international!! how about some digital only options?
here we are!!!!
to get the numbers even higher, we really need some interesting stretch goals!
what about israel? :)
watching those pledges rise, come on $4m....
feeling such good vibes at the moment. i love this show so much, i wrote it as part of my major assessment piece for my international studies class! i hope you are feeling lots of love from australia! thank you much for opening up the reward packages for many of the countries and hope that no country misses out from this wonderful opportunity. c.
robyn could you work into your dream tonight a scenario where spring finally comes to the northern hemisphere please? it's getting silly now!!
and just raised my pledge :d thanx for international shipping. can't wait!!!!
yay for international shipping!
welcome international backers!!!!!!!!!!!!! come join us on facebook!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
well this was a rather nice bit of news to wake up too, if i do say so myself!
so happy they've gone international! just upped my pledge... thanks for thinking of us in australia!
@sandy: will do! lol... glad that some of my good dreams are coming true! i will think about world peace and an end to world hunger before i go to sleep tonight... but i make no guarantees. still a little in awe about how quickly this all happened!
upped my pledge to $60 just now. yay for oversea shipping :d.
increased my bid as promised now that rewards can go to the uk!
upped my pledge!!! whoot! way to go rob!! thankyou!!!!!
yay for uk shipping. as promised - i upped my pledge
yay for international rewards i just upped my bid
danish backer - updated my pledge because of oversea shipping <3
robyn you should use your super for other good things. tonight try to dream about world peace, or cures for disease, or at least doubling the veronica mars movie budget! and please warn us if you dream of floods or earthquakes. ;-)
just upped my pledge, can' wait for this movie !!!!
the t-shirt reward says that it'll be sent when it's ready. the dvd obviously can't be sent for a decent while so that'll likely mean we get two vm parcels. good for us, back for shipping costs taken off the budget.
yay for european options, upped to $100 (plus $10 of course).
good question @rory ...
awesome! just upped my pledge to 50 (+10) :))))
just upped my pledge now i can get the dvd here in australia, wonder how quickly the total will hit $4 million?
great news: i've added my extra $10 for shipping to europe. interested to see quite how much that will add to the total. go europe!
it is worth!!! it's fantastic they made it!!!  :)))))))) can't stop smiling :)
will the dvds be region friendly for us eu people? :)
@jon, i hadn't thought of it before but i agree, it wouldn't at all surprise me if they did and vm not telling logan both to spare logan and also because it really wasn't any of his business either way... however i can imagine a few scenarios where there'd still be enough happening to explain its popularity even if they didn't have sex...
creepy start to my morning: i posted on the veronica mars kickstarter campaign that i had a dream last night that the incentives were opened up to international donors... and two minutes later, rob thomas tweeted that i was correct (not directly of course) and that it was open in austria, belgium, denmark, finland, france, germany, ireland, italy, luxembourg, the netherlands, spain, sweden, and the uk!
yeah, at last! too bad we have to add an extra 10$, but hey, it's worth it, right?
yeeeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh germany is in!!!! already upped my pledge and i'm sooooo happy :)))) 4m we're coming :d
with all these new international backers, we should reach $4 million by the time i get home from work! woo hoo!
happy and sad at the same time ... happy they got more countries up, sad none of them was mine. :)
see!  the extra commenting did the trick!  60,000 backers now! @mansah,   well i have to say that even though vm denied having sex with piz that she probably did.  i mean think of it this way... would a video of a couple not having sex become such a popular email attachment among college people?  especially with the cameras perspective?  makes me think that she just didn't want to admit to it for logan's sake.
congrats on finally getting more international!
ok... this is creepy!!!!!! see my message below and look at rt's twitter!
@robyn, you say it and it happens.... intl backing is happening! wooot!
yessssss! international backers from a bunch of countries now have access to the first 9 tiers of rewards! see the last update :dddddd we should see a quick increase in numbers today!
i had a dream last night that rt worked out the international pledges and added more incentive levels... hoping for everyone that the dream becomes real so we can watch the numbers skyrocket!
re the sex tapes... they are making out and naked. and both dick and logan watch it thinking they're seeing veronica having sex -so clearly a lot is shown and heard. also i just opened my computer to see we had hit the 60.000 mark and the 3,9mil, probably happened a whlie ago but allow me to be an excited bunny about it now...  here's hoping we hit 4mil before long... also, what are the odds we can get another 20.000 backers with an average of $50 per pledge; that would take us almost to 5million... @kayla: welcome :d
looks like this and torment will be ousting oculus rift and elite from the kickstarter top ten.
@kayla, welcome!
so happy... finally got my kickstarter account to work. i got to contribute. i'm currently in south korea, but i'm canadian, and have an address in canada and a canaidan cc.... woot woot!! i really can't wait. i had pledge the dvd level at the very least, or else i'd never see the movie. i'm guessing it wont play here in korea for a very long time, if ever, and i have to see this movie!!
of course, i guess translating the slang words jokes in vm has to be difficult , i'm a translator (it's a lot easier to translate from english to my language than the opposite, or even than express myself in it), i tried but it demands a lot of work, as creating my own jokes while keeping the innuendos and such... and i can understand they don't want to spend too much time/money  on it. but still, sometimes it makes no  sense at all!
yeah.... really is difficult to understand why but some dialogues are completely different and this is a shame...
@elisa yeah, the same in french and not only for vm! dubbing companies will tell you it's a matter of space, but very often they could do a lot better with less words... and more work. i usually buy my english-speaking dvd in english with english subtittles, because when actors speak very fast i miss alot.
bought the dvd series in english !!!! the italian translation is not faithful to the english version ...
ok i guess separate accounts would be easier
@lora, phil is right, rt sent me an answer saying, among other things, that  kickstarter only registers one pledge a backer. @ all fellow still awake marshmallows, hi!
i'm not really sure... i think to be safe i'd just make two kickstarter accounts if i was going to buy for someone else..
longtime fan, first time commenter.... :)    so i've already backed $50 to get myself the script, digital download, t-shirt and the dvd. if i wanted to be able to get 2 more t-shirts to give to my sisters, can/should i make two more $25 pledges? does that mean i get two $25 tier rewards and the $50 tier rewards packages? (this is what i want - to make sure i get 3 (separately sized) t-shirts* and everything else from the $50 level)
you know... everyone has an episode or just... small things that made them love every character... how is he going to put all of those moments in the movie... i don't envy his task... finding a way to feature all the main folks the way we want to see them...
imdb seems to think his involvement has been announced, but i can't find any verification anywhere...
rewatching and all i can think is, "please bring cliff back!" i'll double my donation if daran norris signs on
ya know, i wonder what dawn ostroff (the former head of the cw and the bitc.....woman who canceled veronica mars) thinks of how this kickstarter project turned out.
just chug-chug-chugging along...
@lilly :) ok.
@jennifer you're on s3 now so just try and remember this conversation when you finish and let us know if they did or not. @tiger yea, it just seen weird everyone talking about it and logan flipping out over a sex tape and they didnt do anything but i'm not sure til i see it again
anymore suggestions on how to get these numbers to jump?  i hate that they are slowing so much!!!  maybe some things that fans can do and/or rt and company maybe...low cost suggestions, of course?  i feel like so many people are looking at the numbers and thinking we are fine, but the money he earns now will really increase the movie we get to see.  not to mention the amount of interest shown, the more wb executives will notice!!!
honestly if they added a tier for each premier that gave 1 ticket to the movie and 1 to the after part for $1000 id still do it. add like 10 or so slots.
i looked it up some episode guides they refer to the tape as a sex tape.
@lilly it just doesn't seem terribly scandalous to be caught on tape kissing with your shirt off and that's it.
i originally pledged a certain amount, but told others i wanted them to pledge or give me money towards a pledge for my birthday!  maybe an idea for others??  :))))
@tiger idk i thought they did but maybe they didn't. ill see once i start re-watching s3
i just finished watching the whole series on dvd and i have to say that watching it all over again makes me want more veronica mars!!!  i hate the way it was left!!! i am hoping that people watch and/or rewatch the series, due to all of the hype it is getting, and feel the same way!  i really hope that this project earns 5 million easy and gets more backers than it had fans at it's highest peak!  this show is so worth it!  if bounds of support is still shown over this show, who knows what is possible and what this could lead to for the show and/or a sequal!  execs want to see numbers so we need to get these numbers high!!!!
@jennifer i'm talking throughout the series veronica was in one relationship after the other. troy,leo,logan,duncan,logan,piz lol like there wasn't really that big of a break between them lol the only big break was when she first started dating duncan then shit hit the fan and she was single for a year. it's not how many bfs she had its how quickly she jumps to the next one.
lol, i can definitely see that.  i was just surprised because i thought it was just a made up name back in 05' when it aired.  now i can appreciate the subtleties of the show just a little bit more =)
@lillyi still in the middle of watching season 3 but if i remember correctly, i think she was topless and that pretty much it.  i think when your in college, things happen so quickly. i think mac was into two guys at once. i think when they first broke up v did date anyone. logan slept with two people.
i always thought veronica lied to logan because it really wasn't any of his or anyone else's business what they did. rick santorum was always an anus, though.  he was the noisiest, most uptight voice within the anti-gay movement.
with all that said i still thinks she jumps from relationship to relationship too quickly.
@jennifer is that all that was? i remember things but not every detail. like i said before i haven't seen vm in yrs that's why i'm re-watching the series.  thanks
i wish my internet would work!! so i can vm.
@lilly tape of v and piz making out and v topless.
they mentioned several times it wasn't sex.
@tim i thought they had a sex tape that got leaked?
i like even just rewatching, there are still so many little things to pick up and appreciate
@lilly i got the impression she did not have sex with piz. he got to third base.
well, i'm still re-watching season 2 so i'll see how i feel about s3 when i re-watch it again :) i wonder if my thoughts will change :d
she does not have sex with piz during the season 3 timeline, she admits that to logan when he beats him up. i think that's the 2nd to last episode.
let me preface this by asking that we avoid getting all political here, but i thought this was kind of funny i'm watching versatile toppings (s2 ep14).  it's the episode where closeted gay students are blackmailed by an anonymous poster, screennamed rick santorum.  really rob?  making a rick santorum joke *seven years* before he runs for president?  i couldn't help but be a little impressed, as that name meant nothing to me at the time.  the show was definitely edgy and occassionally ahead of the curve, lol
@tim she did have sex with piz???
she only put out to duncan,logan & piz the other guys nope lol she's not like a whore or anything. she just jumps from one relationship to another quickly
and that's a wrap! night, folks. 3.935 tomorrow!
she had yet to bang piz. you know you can't count the ghb stuff.
s3 was a good season just not as great as the first 2. i hate it hit cancelled bc i would have love to know more about the rape/shaved head storyline & the mafia kid logan beat up lol
yeah, but she's infallible. plus she rarely puts out, no?
i liked season 3.  i will agree season 1 is much better, but there was much to enjoy and i don't feel as if anything that happened was forced or unbelievable.  the finale was great.
veronica moves to a different guy too quickly imo that always annoyed me about her lol but she's a teenager lol
the setting was not as good.
i think in s3 the trauma caught up to veronica, which isn't unrealistic. in a place where she could begin to re-define herself (college), freaking out would be natural, but that doesn't always make for great storytelling.
*some of the different episodes are great
the beginning and the end are both awesome and some of the different episodes are the veronica-piz thing gets a bad rap sometimes.
love :) <3 haha i just wanted to put that. ;d
i still like it for  the most part
season 3 still had plenty of moments. i consider it a success. veronica no less a character. but, since we're being candid, i'm glad for the lack of the 21 jump street.
s3 just seemed like everything was too extreme. like there was drama were it didn't need to be and somethings were too overly exaggerated
@anna i think everyone feels like s3 veronica was less of a strong character and her trust issues was too much. that's the just if what i get from people and that article.
@anna e i really enjoyed that article and feel fairly similarly to the author of that piece.
@anna season 3 stumbled awfully because rob was forced by the cw to make major plot alterations because they felt that the season long mystery format was confusing to viewers. i will be honest. in season 3, because of what the cw did to rob, i felt gypped. it was like someone had taken all the mean-spiritedness of the continental op, and grafted it onto rob thomas by force.
one of the best articles i've read recently about why vm season 1 was such an awesome show, why s3 stumbles so awfully, and what - let's hope - rt will get right (again) now that there's a movie. http://news.yahoo.com/girls-film-veronica-mars-movie-shows-mistakes-090500389.html
@jennifer veronica is one confused mars with trust issues lol there's always hope.
@magan although he stepped up in his final episode he was still all those things you said before. i'm not a big duncan fan but what they did for meg and the baby gave him some extra points for me. but he was still boring and he still stood by while veronica got heat for a year. and tbh i believe he broke up with meg bc he found out v wasn't his sister anymore and v&d got together a couple of wks after she broke it off with logan. all this happened the summer before school started back up. i just didnt like that situation at all
just kidding, there always hope for love!
now i am staring at the ticker.
yup.
just rewatching season three episode of vice and men. veronica says something and someone loving her so much. she can put her trust in but doesn't love as much. so does that mean there is no hope for love?
wallace is always down!
lilly, i completely agree.  i was never a big duncan fan.  i thought he was aloof, boring, and kind of a dick for standing idly by as veronica took crap from his 09er buddies.   but i thought he really stepped it up in his final episodes.  they were so well written!  hats off to both duncan and veronica for going to the ends of the earth to honor meg's final wishes. i really had to reconsider my views on duncan after watching him pledge his love to veronica, and giving up his lush life to be a good dad and friend.  after seeing that, i feel like maybe i wrote his character off too early in the show.
wallace can be naive at times......but you can also say he's just optimistic.
nice to see that i can go run a roleplaying game, come back, and see some progress. go international backing support! go, go, go!
good thing my new email address is ready
finally got around to backing! i've been marathoning veronica mars these past two weeks. on s3 right now. i am so excited for the movie!
i was tempted for a few seconds to switch to los angeles premiere, but i'd be afraid to screw up the pledge i have now...lol
not going to lie that was awesome what d&v did for meg. and duncan leaving everything behind for his little girl. :) that's what i like about rt writing he can make any character interesting at some point even if you don't like them, if you think they are boring or if they are the bad guy.
probably wouldn't tell you.
@tim. do it.  but if the ny after party opens tell me first thx
@magan that was so funny they used that for duncan password lolol hahahaha. i also like the way they got across the border. that was awesome :)
la with after party open. strong chance i make an impulse buy in five or six minutes. someone beat me to it?
i'm so hoping  the international deal is ok'd... i'm more than happy with my $60 to help with the movie , but it would be great to get a t and dvd,  as its unknown if or when we might get the movie or dvd distribution here in australia.. congrats on the fine work vmars fans :)
based on the past few days i think 4m will take 5 or more days unless rob & co have some things planned to jump start funding.
@bryy i think the most funded kickstarter ever has hit higher than $10 million
* first entertainment kickstarter. i shouldn't be allowed to type things.
gonna be the first kickstarter to breach $4 million. you guys just took out double fine and obsidian.
meg kane, i just watched that episode, lol.  good to know we're all rewatching together
wow! 3.9 and 60k!! i can go to sleep happy now... :)
oh, hey, didn't see you there, 60k.  i was busy but i'm really glad you're finally here.
anyone else going to the la premiere/party?  we should all meet up the night before so we at least know a few people on the big night. contact me on twitter mspears79.
anyone remember this or know what it means? vm s2 "enakgem" lololol i thought it was funny. ^_^
we totally need to have a vm family reunion 60,000 strong! well done, marshmallows!!!
yay, 60,000!!!
60,000!!!
@tim. can hall and oates pledge and get us over 60k
two more to go to get to 60,000
@jeff, agreed.
here's hoping cliff mccormack shows up in the film. he always makes me laugh....
hall & oates!
maybe one will open up @stephen.  i'll keep my fingers crossed :)
friend and i split two pledge packages, so we did one 1000 package and one 200 package, and then split it down the middle so we received all the other memorabilia.  :)
11 backers to 60k @steohen. i had the same issue with ny. oh well
we hit a major milestone today, but we only got $17,552 in pledges today. we have to step it up!!!!!  https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ invite all your friends to join the page or group! post a status message asking all of your facebook friends to give $1! make your profile picture one of veronica mars or another cast member! hang posters all over the place! make your own bumper sticker or use those special markers to advertise the kickstarter on your car windows! we can make this movie fantastic!!!!!!!!!!
that's awesome holly. i wasn't able to justify the money right away so i missed out.
i'll be at the premiere and after party.
@hanne. who wouldn't.  can you find 135 friends who feel the same way?
we are 12 backers away from 60,000!!!!!!!! go invite your friends right now!!!!!!! beg them for donations!!!!!!! we can do this "no sweat!"
i'd pay a lot to have "logan" record an inspirational message of the day!
do you know the is world is missing?  more veronica mars memes.
@phil. i'm guessing the nj powerball winner isn't a vm fan
just doubled my pledge!  let's get to $4 million!
so does anyone have $99,259 bucks to blow? i want this at a million lol
@ holly are you not going?
wow, love that it's gone past 3.9 .this family holiday is fun but it's seriously denting my number watching time. want to hang around to see 60k backers though! what a great number to aim for tonight.
@stephen  enjoy the premiere!  i love all the awesome fans that stepped up and pledged for the love of a tv show. happy to see we surpassed the 3.9 mark.
i think we'll hit 60k in half an hour.
@stephen. when tim convinced me that i needed a logan vm yesterday i may have created another ks acct with a different email address. amazon seemed to be ok with same payment info too. i'm no authority either
pfft. i don't see why not. worst case you use a different form of a payment and a ship to imaginary sibling address. although, i am an authority on few matters.  i'm sure you can finagle more than one per household.
@stephen there are no rules. yes.
http://www.youtube.com/watch… you guys might have already seen this, but i thought it was awesome to see the actors reactions and hear their responses!!!
@ tim are you allowed to do that?
you should do it with another email address? here comes 60,000.
some kickstarters allow for adding of extras. it would be great if, say for another $15 or $20 we could add t-shirts to the order
@ candice i agree id add a few
i think the design will help a lot. i wish there was a way to add t-shirts to your pledge.
let's keep pushing! eight million folks... let's find a way!
i hope when t-shirt designs come out  we will see a bump.
you're all welcome!!! don't forget they have a veronica mars movie instagram! :)  http://instagram.com/theveronicamarsmovie
woot woot! congrats marshmallows!
high five everyone!!! just 1.1 million left or rt's ideal number!
the page and group are blowing up right now!!!!!!!!! come join the fun! invite your friends and help us get to $4 million even faster than we're getting there now! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/
23 backers is nothing.
sorry. i linked it twice. but 3.9 million
@meredith. it's nyc. is never too late and my neighbors know i'm nuts nice everyone on 3.9m. 60k backers tonight too?
cute behind the scenes video: http://www.youtube.com/watch… it's so great to see everyone so excited for the film. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
wooo!!!!!!!! go marshmallows!!!!!!!  $3.9, baby! happy birthday to me!!!!!!!  woooo!!!!!!!!!
cool cool cool.
yay, we made it.
yes!
3.9!
$3.9 million!  $4 million by week end!
ladies and gentlemen... we have hit $3.9 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@backupismydog totally supportive! especially if it is not too late and your neighbors can hear it.
so close to 3.9
@meredith - am listening to vm soundtrack while drunkenly cooking dinner. that counts as support, right
i tweeted like thirty minutes ago. yay. only $89 to go.
lets keep tweeting
and 28 backers from sixty thousand!
$189 to go.
lol any minute
ok. everyone watching the counter get a friend to donate a dollar and we can go along with our lives ....
we need only 11 t-shirt backers for 3.9.
come on backers!!!!!!!!! pledge pledge pledge! get us up to $3.9 million!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/
oooh! i log in today and we are almost at 3.9!!!
i was wrong.  we'll hit 3.9 before 60k.
looks like the video greeting is available now too. come on!
you know what's gonna happen too, is i'm going to miss every call on purpose. then call right back.
logan as your voicemail is absolutely the best value in the below 750 price range. can't go wrong.
@tim. lol. i'm still thinking about what logan will say on my message. and i didn't grab the kristen one when it was briefly available because logan is so awesome.
i don't understand why logan delivering an inspirational message as your very voicemail isn't sold out. #nocomprende. in related news i quoted benjamin franklin twice today.
@lilly thanks , their happiness is contagious!!! just what i needed to keep motivated in waiting for 3,9m, cause it's getting hard to stay awake...
c'mon people. someone take the twitter follow. someone has to want that.  or the logan/weevil/keith vm. that will totally wig out  telemarketers
come on $3.9 million!!!!!!
i love how excited we get for each milestone! $3.9m - here we come! 60,000 backers - almost there! 6,000 comments - we'll do it!
less than a thousand to go. yay. this is exciting. lol
@lilly. that made me smile after a long day. thank you!
hey, vm should become like an institution!
thanks lilly for posting the link to rob's youtube video.  just watched the video and it should be posted on the updates here for everyone to see..
if you didn't see this youtube video rob posted on the veronica mars movie channel 2hrs ago > http://youtu.be/0uifihxxeki
@ holly i am a jubilee pledge minus the after party.
@jon he was but he was kind of needed for the story and it would make sense if he was in the movie, but i wouldn't care if he wasn't
thanks for the update.
@lilly,  definitely not a duncan fan either..   even before lily's death.. i always thought he was a bit dry as a character
two new videos on the vm youtube channel!
new youtube video on the vm channel!
come on 4 mill!
even tho i'm not a fan of duncan & veronica as a couple post lily's death, i wouldn't mind having teddy dunn in the movie.
i wish :^(
if you're a backer and going to the la premiere make sure to join the fb page meeting place: https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarslapremiere/
come on 3.9!!!
where are the cool jubilee attendee pledgers? ;)
@lyz  @amber  thanks!
@jon, congrats on your presentation! :) now tomorrow will be a breeze!
@jon, congratulations!!!
@jonas... lets do it.. how?
@lyz,,, yes so much so i have to go one more time tomorrow!
jon, it was a success right, with all the time/work you put in it?
hey marshmallows and cloud watchers!!!  http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return… this is amazing! what do we need to do to organize a huge fan request for netflix to bring back vmars episodes just like they did for arrested development? after the movie of course! yay! i'm in vmars heaven right now!
aw. :)
@kate... you make me  :^)
@jon hooray!
presentation done!
hittin 60k before 3.9, unless a lot of fat wallets start opening.
@lyz haha yup. :)
@amber it's my pleasure :)
@lyz ;-)
@kate thank you for the updates! i'm not good with twitter and would miss out on these otherwise :)
@kate and phil... i've got a feeling you're laughing at me lol!!!
@kate haha yes they do haha
happy bday @melissa!!
@lilly haha just posted that. great minds think alike.
@love welcome!
rob thomas via twitter ": #veronicamarsmovie insider info: after nine years out of the biz, a case pulls veronica back to neptune in time for 10yr reunion."
@amber well she graduated from columbia law but has not taken the bar, according to rt she is interviewing at law firms. this is her first pi case in nine years.
i'm still totally stoked. this show goes so many different directions i can't even begin to guess what will happen.
@kate.. a case.. does that mean that she is now a lawyer? or still, possibly, a pi? i just can't picture veronica as a lawyer.  doesn't fit her as well as the pi role i'm used to.
i love all the spoilers, and will read them all, but i do hope for some surprises when the movie finally comes out
rt just tweeted:  insider info: after nine years out of the biz, a case pulls veronica back to neptune in time for 10yr reunion.
@lyz that made me cry... feelings definitely hurt.
@lyz i am totally offended.
some twitter person should grab that $400 twitter follow. i'll try posting something out on an old acct to see if i can lure takers
only $6,000 more!
i'm kinda excited about the shot at 60k backers and 3.9 mill today...
hey, ihope freakstatic is not an insult, i mean it as a compliment!
come on, fellow potential backers, don't you want to be able to come here and chat with all the freakstatic people on this fabulous board??!!
@tim, sorry i was busy for a couple hours, i missed your comment and just read it now. here is a copy of the answer i got about the last two points in the faq: "all pledges are included in the final number, it's just that you, as an individual, cannot give $25 three times and get a $75 award. kickstarter only records one support pledge per person. so, it would only count the last pledge of $25 dollars, or you would need to make one pledge for $75 to get to the $75 award tier. regardless, we cannot ship awards overseas yet. we are working to resolve that."
and we are getting close to 3.9m
60,000 backers is just 130 people away!
@jon,i hope i'm not too late to wish you good luck too!!!
maybe in the movie we see veronica sing "i'm gonna follow you" by pat benetar. the lyrics seem to fit miss mars better, and may serve as a response against those in neptune who still don't want her to save the day because it'll cost them $ somehow.  i hope rob finally rips the red tape and get the rest of the world to chip in
@jon good luck!!!!!! remember, as eleanor roosevelt said, "the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams" (logan's inspirational message of the day, season 1 episode 15)
1/2 hour till i have to give me presentation.  cant wait till that it over so i can go back to business as usual!
@john  mee too man!
@amber... deal!
i'm so glad to have joined and can't wait to see the vm project top $4m !    history is being made here!
@balbanto,   i remember kb singing "one way or another"!  i'd like to see her do d w's we used to be friends!
@jon awesome! :)  we'll keep in touch! i'm really hoping they'll put a good air song into the movie, too. it could be perfect for either a chill car scene or a really sad, dramatic scene.
@amber,  ok i have to fix the reverb on it, i have the new reverb unit for it already.  i'll make sure it works nice for you when you are ready for it.  it looks brand new and has been well cared for.
@jon i agree entirely (cover thing).. sometimes, in an effort to put "new life" into an already great song, you just end up ruining it.  i love covers.  my first real public performance was a viva la vida guitar/ vocal cover for my 11th grade talent show :p and yes (amp). we will definitely keep in touch.  i'll keep you posted on the electric guitar situation for sure! @balabanto lol yes.  i'm picturing a slightly-to-extremely tipsy kristin bell performing the song...?
@amber, yeah i'm a cover tune guy through and through.. i dont write but i my covers are pretty damn good!    dont get me wrong i like ot improvise too but when it comes to playing a cover i feel like its disrespectful to the artist to modify his song too much.  lol   thats prolly my lamo cover for not being creative i guess!
@amber kristin should perform the song during the movie.
@amber,   well if you get an electric you need an amplifier too!  thats the problem with those!  but listen i have 4, two big ones, one combo for giggin out, and a small practice amp that i never use anymore.. its a peavy bravo.. it needs a good home... so if you wind up getting your guitar and cant afford the amp yet let know i'd love for someone to have it that will appreciate it.
@jon i was secretly wishing/ hoping/ thinking that maybe rob could make the contest/ challenge even cooler: the best rendition/ cover of the song uploaded to youtube gets to be performed during/on the movie (or played vaguely in the background during a scene).  ...but then i thought about it, and any version other than the original playing on the movie just wouldn't seem right.  and nothing could compare with the original.
@jon ahhhhh a basement studio!  that would be so fun.  good luck with that -- taking the time to clear out some space/ give the room an open, clean, creative feel would be so worthwhile.  and yes! i watched one of the videos that rob shared (it was a folky rendition of the song) and i was like "....i know what i'm doing this weekend!"  haha.  i didn't see that he put a time limit on it?
@jon btw, i am super envious of your electric guitar collection, lol.  i want one really badly -- keep telling my husband that we have to wait on getting one until we move into a house (we're in the process of looking/buying).  if we get one now it's just going to get stuffed into some corner of our apartment and not be used.  electric guitars look so fun!  and all of the stuff i listen to (death cab, coldplay, red hot chili peppers) and want to cover just begs for electric guitar sounds.
@amber i am trying (with rather limited success) to set up a studio in my basement.  i have most of the hardware i need to do it.. just time and.. welll.. space!  when i get some time off i want to clear out a space to work down there and get busy.   i dont have anything recorded, there are some things floating around the internet where i caught on open mic nights here and there.  we should conspire to come up with our version of "we used to be friends" for the youtube channel!
@jon wowwwww that's incredible!  your collection of instruments is amazing.  12 stringed guitars are super neat - i've never owned one, but i've definitely toyed around with one at a guitar center before.  incredible sound.  do you record your stuff?  i have a bandcamp (aunaqui.bandcamp.com) with a few songs posted but i don't take time to play and record like i used to.  work, school, life.  it's a bummer.  but it's nice to meet a fellow musician and vmars fan!  woohoo!
so, with nearly $4 million pledged and probably close to $1 million in direct expenses (t-shirts, etc.), and probably some incidentals here and there, is it safe to say that there may actually be $2 million left for production?
@amber  bruster!  cute name!  yes i am (amateur).  i play guitar, keyboard and i sing.  i;ve been playing since 1982 and i started out with a yamaha acoustic.  now i have 9 guitars lol  3 acoustic 2 yamha's (one is a 12-string) and the other is an ibanez acoustic  the rest are electric guitars: 2 ibanez' (one is a les paul copy the other is an "artist") 1 big beautiful gretsch hollow-body jazz guitar,  a real les paul, a fender strat, and an "agile" electric that looks a lot like a les paul.. my keyboard is a kurzweil, and i have a regular piano too.   i cant read music very well either.. i play mostly by ear as well so dont feel so bad eh!
we could have an international friend program. for international backers, a us backer ships your stuff.
@jon thank you so much! his name is bruster, and he is my son :) haha i love shepherds.  grew up with one and as soon as i left home and got married, i knew that i had to have one of my own (and he's so adorable and completely insane).  i play guitar.. started learning when i was 15.  my mom said, at the time, that i could either have piano lessons or a guitar anddd i chose the latter!  she was convinced that it was going to be a total waste of her money, but i proved her wrong!  today i strum on a takamine.  love it.  i also write songs (50+ so far) and play keyboard (just by ear though.. i've never been disciplined enough to learn how to read music, so i'm somewhat handicapped).  are you a musician?  :)
jon stewart and colbert are back. :d
@amber  cute doggie!  i love german shepherds!  what instrument do you play?
presently, stephen's understanding is my understanding also.
@ tim from what i understand is that they can pledge just not able to get rewards due to copyright and distribution issues.
@liz, does that mean that international orders are open according to rt bc the issue was defined as something having to do with how the money is taken? i know that international pledges appear on the counter ... but isn't the issue that they won't actually be able to take that portion of the pledges? and thus would it be better to wait or will it be subtracted afterward? oh well. veronica on the big screen. all i care about.
looks like the kristen bell voicemail recording is available again
(as a side note, i know that firefly did culminate in a movie - "serenity.." it's just that with a show as great as firefly was, one movie is simply not enough) :)
i wish that other shows would try doing what rob is doing.  shows like firefly and buffy the vampire slayer.  i'd love to see new escapades and adventures with those lovable casts.  even if the tv series couldn't be brought back, a 90-120 minute film with something new about them would be consoling (and exciting).  kickstarter gives me hope!  i love seeing the dedication and power of a fanbase making a real, actual difference..
make that 3.9m. though 8.9 would be nice too
i am liking our chances of 8.9m/60k backers today but besides the international backers, that still needs to be solved, are there other pockets of untapped backers we can unearth.
10%
the
be
can
we
so
@lyz  good one!   ones?
!
comment
let's
okay
hahahahaha!!!!
now there's a stretch goal, for the comments at least. :)
quick! more comments!
our number of comments always seem to be just a fuzz under 10% of the number of backers
@lovefan  youre welcome! @lyz  lol =) @kate  hi there =)) @santa clause... i wanna see 4 mil 2day!
and thanks to you, too @lyz
@kate and @jon thanks for the warm welcome!
@ lovefan welcome abroad!
lol well since there are international people here i guess i could day welcome abroad, but i meant to say welcome aboard =)
@lovefan  welcome abroad!
@lovefan welcome to our lively forum!! :) glad to know you love vm as much as we do!!
@balabanto lol nice.... @tiger yup that's the one
finally joining the comments! i'm so (way too) excited about this movie. it's distracting me from my daily life. i've got vm season one on a loop at home and the vm soundtrack on repeat in my car and on my ipod. can't wait! and may i just say, i love to see how enthusiastic all you marshmallows are. just one big marshmallow family!
@kate heh, just watched it.  it's called a gaythering storm.  i hope there are people out there who took it seriously and tried to buy an umbrella.
@kate nerds don't all hate booze.i had so much at this corporate event that you could have preserved me in a jar. :)
time for an east coast lunchtime bump in backers.... i think it's likely we'll get to 60k backers and 3.9m today. but i agree 5m looks unlikely at this pace.
we have a shot at hitting $3.9 million today.  at this pace, it'll probably be friday or saturday before it hits $4 million.  that'll leave about a week and a half before the project ends.  $5 million is looking less and less likely unless something changes soon (like clearly defined stretch goals, opening up rewards to international pledges).
@amber as jon said earlier, you could be obsessed with much worse! so, obsess away if it makes you feel good, it doesn't harm anyone!
@tim, i asked directly to r.t using the link under the counter, the answer explicitly told me that international pledges are included in the final amount. i don't think it's an issue. @wai-yin the point is we're not so much unrealistic than we are uninformed : rt didn't say much except that  the explanation is very long  and boring. yours wasn't, thank you for it. however, it only regards  downloading, i'm sure a lot of internationals would settle without it: maybe a specific package for them excluding the download would be the solution, but r.t. said it was not considered... perhaps do you understand why? if somebody does, please explain!
my husband and i were watching a movie together the other day when he paused it, looked over at me and said, "when the vmars movie comes out, i'm seriously going to cry."  i've never been so in love.. :) haha! i'm totally in love this show, and i love reading everybody's comments on here every day (i've accepted the fact that i'm hopelessly obsessed, and my coworkers have finally stopped making comments).  can't wait for the movie!  here's to hoping we reach 3.9 today!  *raises shot glass of bailey's*
i think the international people need to be realistic about international distribution. it is a very complicated issue. there are only a couple  of companies such as apple itunes that offer legal downloads throughout the world.  most legal online streaming sites are limited to certain geographic regions. for instance, a lot of hulu content is only available to us residents. since rob is working with warner brothers, he has to go through legal means of distributing the movie. big companies like apple, the movie studios, and hulu haven't yet figured out a deal to make all content available to all people at the same time, so to expect rob to do so is a bit unrealistic.
i can't wait to see the t-shirt. also kind of wish they would update the page with links to all the things they're posting elsewhere such as youtube. i'm guessing there are people who'd receive the updates here but who do not automatically check the vmars youtube channel...
these marriage discussion never end well.
below statement in regards to internationals
just remember people shipping the goods is not the issue supposedly, its the say they accept the money where the issue is. even if you want to donate, it will only confuse the totals, no?
have you seen the parody one on funny or die? i want to say it's called "the gathering storm" or something
@tiger agreed.
the ad campaign was the worst.  they hired some soulless white actors to dress up like waitresses and soccer moms and pretend to not be consumed by hatred while spewing lines like, "what does that mean for my family?"  effing nothing.
would be great to get updates from rob & co today to get pledges moving at a decent pace.  and i agree, unveiling the t-shirt design would help
yeah i'm against it too. i hate that utah thinks it can impose its backward views on everyone else. i'm glad it's not going to be upheld.
also, happy birthday from me too.  it's early, so it's more than likely we'll hit 60,000 and 3.9.
i voted against that, kate.  keep utah outta california lobbying.  even though i don't live there anymore.
breaking news from npr: prop 8 is unlikely to be upheld. :)
@tiger nightmare, mexican coke, yes! so delicious!
just kidding. :)
nerds hate booze. who knew.
@melissa, happy birthday! i hope your wish come true... i really really want t see us hit 3,9 too...(or, failing that, how about 60.000 pledges?) i wish there were new ways of spreading the word.
booze tastes like medicine.  gimme mexican coke any day.
happy birthday melissa!!
@stephen haha good point. i don't really drink that much myself, but just to warn everyone. i do eat cookie dough by the pack, though.
@melissa. happy birthday. we'll do what we can.
@ lyz: thank you! :)
@ kate who needs alcohol? popcorn, a coke, and some sno caps and its on like donkey kong.
happy birthday melissa!
@jon, very  tempting, but... my manners... nose switching like keith's in the clip... bad girl, no manners, no friends....
hoping to break $3.9 million today! (it's my birthday, it would be an awesome birthday present!!) i'll be checking back later...the counter had better be up to $3.9 by tonight...or else. (kidding) :)
@jon that sounds good, but remember, no alcohol in utah. :d
@lyz or we can all go over to kates and watch it over pizza and our favortie beverage!  @kate,  like how i just invite everyone over to your place??  lol
@marshmallows, hi, of course, were are my manners??? @jon and kate, was seth, the one who helped setttin up carmen's boyfriend in season 1 "mad", in the bus? @backupismydog , i just want one, but being french i'm not sure to get it...
@kate thanks a lot, it's a very very nice and generous offer! let's hope it doesn't come to that, and that the international stuff will be sorted out, for the sake of the project if for nothing else  here in paris we have a bunch of activists pro and con gay marriage too, it's all over the news everywhere : on sunday there was a big march in paris, a lot of violence happened... one would think (not!) gay marriage is a biggest societal issue than hunger and powerty...
good morning all. just fyi if you need to get two dvds you can always create a second ks account with another email address and submit another pledge that way.
@jon the peter ferrer kid that outed all the gays in the chat room mac set up.
@kate  there was more than one on the bus?  i thought only one, the kid from the pirate radio station.. did i miss one?
@jon good morning!
@all  good morning marshmallows!
@lyz i'll do you one better. i pledged $50 too. i'll just send you my dvd and buy one myself when they become available. :)
ah, come on, 3.9.  don't wake up later than me.
@balabanto i know. but there were not any anti-gay marriage people here today. just pro-gay marriage. :) i'm kind of the queen of the gays back home in salt lake (no pun intended) i'm the only girl they allow to their clubbing and wine/risk basement parties (we're an odd bunch) wonder why they never had any gay characters on vmars. except those kids that died in the bus crash.
@kate, don't worry, i'm not offended! but i'll say the lack of updates doesn't help my impatience hey, i've got an idea (it's been known to happen, lol): what if, if and when we learn the international thingie won't work out, i sent you some money, you ask one of your roommates, who don't like vm hence won't pledge, to pledge 50$ for me ? you can keep everything except the dvd, you sent it to me, you're happy, i'm happy, we'll all be a happy family?
@kate there are anti-gay marriage activists, too. to be honest, i work in the clothing business. i completely support this. two grooms? two sets of groomsmen? i love this for my bottom line so much i would have to be stupid to not want it.
@lyz obviously you are not withdrawing your pledge so i am not criticizing you at all. :)
@lyz i respect that. but people that are going to withdraw their pledge because they can't get stuff shipped is a little dramatic, in my opinion. i'll ship them my stuff, if it helps.
i  want the movie too. i'll only get to see it one if not two year after the airing of the movie in usa if i don't get it next year. and it's not a question of shipping, if the faq (and r.t answer to me question) are to be trusted. i want the movie to be done, and that's why i won't lower my pledge, but i 'm not ashamed to want to see it too, and to hope r.t. and co check the comments here and know international fans could feel a little unfairly excluded here. though i trust them when they say  they're working on it, i'm waiting, a little impatiently, but waiting...
@kate thank you, that's what i think.
what do we all get out of it? the movie. so..... that's kind of stuff. if you need to see a tangible reward for your contribution. also, there are websites that will ship stuff marked "u.s. shipping only" internationally. just saying.
oi. i would pledge the same amount whether i get stuff out of it or not. making the stuff a contingency of the money kind of defeats the purpose, don't you think? does the american red cross give you free band-aids when you give money to them? good morning everyone. there are gay marriage activists outside the capitol today. it's a big day for our country. happy tuesday and i hope y'all have a fantastic day filled with epic-ness.
i'm sure waiting, and i won't lower my pledge if things don't work out. but i sure won't up it either if so, the only reward i'm interested in is the dvd and i'd like to get it whithout  having to wait for it to be internationally released after the airing of the movie! i'd be very disappointed if it happens so.
i like new school noir, but love the old school. ordered laura on bluray last night. but trust me peeps, strange love of martha rivers is where its at.
wait one gosh darn second. international people are pledging with the plan to lower their pledge if it doesn't work? isn't that going to confuse the total? what if it doesn't work out the way they want it to - through no lack of effort by the vm people? i hope its not too many people. maybe you ought to wait. everyone has recognized the benefits and the desire to having the international pledge, but hang ups are hang ups. ruh oh, scooby doo!
la confidential is the title of a fantastic book and a fantastic movie as well, i haven't see many movies as good as the books they're adapted from, but i guess j.ellroy consulting on set did the trick.
yes, l.a. confidential is noir.
60000 backers by the end of the day. go team!
ok, i am from australia and i just backed for the $175 level, and i would like to keep it there.  but if international can't be done then i will have to lower my pledge.
come on.. 13 thousand gets us to where 4 million is a cake walk...
i think posting the design of the t-shirts will drive up sells.
how is international backing going? i want the movie, otherwise i have to lower my pledge to the non international 10$ level.
@tigernightmare, 'i have no mouth and i must scream' came out around then too. noir adventure games... too dark. was la confidential noir?
i think it can happen.
@jen cummings, make a big stink in your local arm of warner bros. they have international distribution deals already made for most of the deprecated dvd 'regions' and as such must, um 'parley' with them for opportunities to gouge you first :p digital shouldn't be affected, then again this is the ip regime, at least we get subtitles, for asl :d hopefully your entertainment industry is more open to making a movie that fans want, you gave us adventure shows from the 90s onward.
i hope to wake up to 3.9
i'm also a huge fan of this comedy-noir game series about an old-fashioned detective in 2040s new san francisco.  anyone who likes point and click adventure games will have a blast playing detective.  some footage from under a killing moon: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@tim crow have you seen memento?  it was this really amazing film that's half backwards.  it was written and directed by christopher nolan before he made those little batman films.
we only got an additional $20,270 today! we need more publicity!!!!!!!  https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/ https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850
i agree.  kbell was born to play this character.  i don't agree with all of her movie role choices, but she definitely has some talent.  i really like her personality as well, especially as it comes out in her many interviews with craig ferguson.  rob thomas did a great job with casting.  even in with harry hamlin as logan's dad and ed begley as the dean.  their best roles since la law and st. elsewhere, but now i'm really showing my age.  my point is rt really recognized talent and the writing made it shine.
featured in the san francisco chronicle today: http://www.sfgate.com/business/technology/article/veronica-mars-campaign-rattles-movie-industry-4376475.php
sounds great! i'm not quite the demographic myself. but, rob thomas the man and rob thomas the artist both have me thoroughly impressed. when i discovered noir, not that long ago, i was very stoked because it was a cool kind of story telling that i fell in love with. and yeah, kristen bell is hot, and maybe i have a creepy thing for fingers on short women, but put that aside and she really owns the character in a way that not many actors or actresses will ever really share. the show was cast phenomenally well.
no problem.  it's old school noir with a grizzled detective, a twisted murder and even a small part by vincent price in his pre horror days.  i've been a small backer here since the first day and a vm fan since the upn days.  i don't fit the typical demographic, but i love noir and sassy females so veronica is right up my ally.
is there any chance that any of the $25-275 perks will be made available to australians?
@tim. do it!!! i'm out marshmallows. 3.9m by the morning ny time? i have faith!
that's awesome candice
@craig, will do! thank you!
@tim, you were asking for film noir recommendations earlier.  i'd look for "laura."  1944.  gene tierney, dana andrews, clifton webb.  classic noir.
i never notice this and this is my 3rd time watching vm series but alyson hannigan and charisma carpenter were face to face insulting each other s2 episode 9 lol love it!!
rob thomas just tweeted.  good news everyone. there will be closed captioning on the digital download of the movie.
either way, i'm officially tempted ...
i would expect the cast gives some love and recognition to premiere attendees who weren't fast enough to grab or couldn't afford party tiers. all of us are majorly supporting this effort with our enthusiasm regardless of what we can afford.
everyone in austin will have the most fun though, i'm sure.
@backup, i really wanna go to austin. but i don't have friends who share the vm excitement. i'd love to fly out solo but not being after party material would be a buzzkill for me, but i def considered it and wanted it. and would have paid more for the after party experience if such a thing were available, which it is not. def no justification needed, imo.
@ kate you should since it is next year.
i wish i could go back to austin.
@tim. thank you for validating my spending too much $.   i was trying to encourage the austin ppl not to flake.
@ backupismydog i have a ticket to the austin premier. those who don't get to go to the after party won't get to meet the cast. i will still have fun though. going to get dressed up in a suit.
austin is supposed to be the coolest place ever though, so ...
those are worth it no matter what. i'd drive to nyc and go to the premier for 750 sans the after party. but if i was flying out to the event i'd likely reconsider.
@stephen. but austin will likely be cooler and more intimate/fun than la or ny. i actually thought about taking it and flying down. just saying
@backupismydog, i saw one got scooped and was modestly proud haha. we're cool! haha.
@ backupismydog part of the issue is that some people are realizing that they don't get the after party.
@tim - you convinced me also, why are ppl flaky about austin.
did we lose some money????
@michael "you've reached tim crow, and this is logan echoll's inspirational message of the day, life's tragedy is we get old too fast and wise too late. - benjamin franklin." that's 15 seconds, right? #cantwait.
another person dropped the austin premier
give us stretch goals for 5,000,000 usd. then 10,000,000. i want a three-part veronica mars movie event.
i don't if its a good idea or bad idea to wait so long to collect the money. at times i think its best to collect as soon as people pledge but then i think some people might up their pledges later. hmmm
you can't live and die on 400 bucks people, not to be a jerk. but the economy is hard on some people. lets not guilt each other. we all want rt to get to his happy place, he's said he's not big on being "salesy", and we know they're doing what they can on the international thing. like i said we want rob happy, but honestly if we get baton rouge'd, i still believe the movie will rock. all i'm saying is, don't live or die on 400 bucks or even a thousand and lets not beat each other up if someone can't pledge what they originally wanted to. encouragement is what it's all about, but not being negative is healthy.
and we just lost 400 bucks....come on!
*the strange love of martha ivers
@tim: you have no idea how tempted i am to steal that "inspirational quote" idea! unfortunately, i have already spent waaay too much on this, haha.
definitely the first time i've been bummed by a total. coming in under 20k... gotta do something to excite bidding.
anybody have any noir films worth recommending aside from the big sleep which is what the big lebowski is somewhat shaped from? the many loves of martha ivers comes to mind.
this will likely be our lowest day. i hope they get the international thing sorted out before this is over...i would hate for us to lose out on that surge of money!
aw, thanks all :d
lol! @tim that logan "inspirational message of the day" sounds good hahaha
anyone else been singing hall & oates in the shower lately?
veronica is so freaking nosy lololololol
i just think the epicness of the reward is not translating. i'm not like trying to guilt people into it like don cheadle's brother on house of lies. merely trying to illuminate its awesomeness. p.s. sweet song michael
@ tim i would but i would have to get someone else to donate for me.
going with the benny franklin one, fwiw.
i don't get why there are still 137 spots open for the 350 pledge which enables you to have your voicemail message delivered by a cast member? i'm going to have logan echols deliver an "inspirational message of the day" on my behalf! in other words, i won life.
@michael that was fun! good for you.
@michael. nice. i like the ad lib at the end!
@michael, your grate! they should use that in the end credits!
@michael wow that was amazing!!!
also, rob thomas is gonna post my song on the vm youtube channel! woohoo! ha, i was a little hesitant as i'm a bit self conscious about it, but interested parties can see it here: http://www.youtube.com/watch… that is all... *runs into corner*
we just fell down a spot over at http://www.kicktraq.com/. let's get back up!
@meredith don't want to get into the buzzwords pirating, etc. mpaa said it best 'you wouldn't download a car', when everyone has 3d prototyping equipment it really lessens the barrier to entry. kickstarter has allowed people to come together (under their 5% aegis) and connect, as you say build a community. i'm happy to be here and support rt along with the 59k others like minded.  what someone needs to explain to wb is that the kickstarter is a resounding success for proving demand. look up the drake equation. not everyone who liked vm would be defined to have internet. the usa is actually lowest in broadband rollout among the industrialized nations. not all viewers who 'want' the movie will be comfortable shopping online. and amazon has rubbed people the wrong way over the years. don't forget kickstarter hasn't even been around 5 years :p i'm hoping we hit 5m by 4/12. most campaigns do 1/3 funding in the last 2 days, only time will tell
jeannie van der hooven!!!
i could deal with jackie. sorry. i felt bad for her.
-_- jackie.................
project free tv has all three seasons, no sign ups or passwords. thanks @magan for helping spread the word!
oh. wb took season 1 off, but added season 3 on. that makes it less awful.
"hey, i like her okay... retract claws" lol
wallace rules!!
@danielle i didn't really like the fact she didn't comfort him about things, instead she just ran and ignored him w/o cause.
@tl the movie is still up on the imdb app. maybe they're updating it?
sorry but i just finished watching season one. something that i always thought was out of character for veronica is her running away from logan twice. well not showing up on the boat after finding it was him with the drugs at the party, then again after finding the video recording set up in the pool house. if it was anyone else, she would run up to them and confront them, but not logan... why? anyone else got a though or agree?
i'm so lazy that i look up videos online for something i can get out of the cabinet or even by navigating folders on my computer.
the issue isn't exactly that it is unavailable online streaming, because, well, everything is if you look hard enought. the issue is that wb now sees more value in dvd sales than community building. yes, we can all buy copies of the dvds to loan out, or loan out our own in order to get friends to watch, but it is a sign of good faith that wb wanted its brand associated with the show, and the show available online. a professor i read in grad school has a great essay about pirating veronica mars as sparking a longer history of investment. http://justtv.wordpress.com/2013/03/15/veronica-mars-and-exchanges-of-value-revisited/
veronica mars movie was removed from imdb?  it seemed a bit premature for it to be on there with all those cast members listed but still weird to have it there and then disappear.  i wonder what happened.
you can watch veronica mars here> http://www.tvmuse.eu/tv-shows/veronica-mars_704/
@meredith...  damn!  its a good thing i have dvd's but man it was really nice to just be able to pull one up on the laptop whenever....  @magan,   ill try to look that up when i get home... thanks for the post.
@jon i think so. i saw a tweet about it and went to go check it out. season 1 is offline.
i just finished rewatching season 1 last night.  epic timing!  guess i'd better hurry before s2 is gone as well anyone looking to catch up on s1 can try project free tv to pick up where they left off.  it's one of the better mass streaming sites out there.  no downloads or passwords or anything to worry about  http://www.free-tv-video-online.me/internet/veronica_mars/season_1.html
veronica mars the movie instagram> http://instagram.com/theveronicamarsmovie
@meredith @stephen,  its not on hulu or netfix i looked there first then found it on the wb
@meredith.. really?  i was just watching s1 online last night.. did they just do this today?
@stephen. one minute they are doing right by the future and the next they are moving backwards in time. the goal should be to make it easier for people to want to see the movie.  it might be temporarily better for profit, but it is still not very cool. i wonder if it got up on netflix instant or hulu plus.
@ meredith they removed them to sell dvds would make sense.
um... wb just did something kinda uncool. seasons 1 and 2 used to be available to stream online free, but they just removed season 1.
jason dohring interview in 2012, go down to the 5th question he talks about still being friends with everyone.  http://www.flixist.com/interview-jason-dohring-searching-for-sonny--212621.phtml i love the fact they see each other frequently and are still close. that fact will make a great movie :)
thats 3.88x million
we still have 5.5 hours of time  left... we might get close... i was thinking high 380's based on the last few days.
@thomas it's not a shipping issue that is stopping the international pledges.
i thought we would hit 3.9 today.
mst3k... great show... i even found some of the ones from when they were on public access at one time... but i lost those episodes when my house burned down.
enable international shipping, shut up, and take my money!
yes, good ole corpanga, back on our screens again.
@tiger, thank you; i will, tomorrow morning when usa are asleep!
it's not an actual location people visit, it's a show revolving around making fun of really bad movies.  and it has puppets.  it's one of the weirdest shows anyone will ever see, but also one of the funniest.  here's pod people if you have 90 minutes to kill. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
to you all us citizens: i just googled it, the said theater is a series, which seems to be really funny, i'm sure i made you all roflmao.... good, there not such thing as to much laugh!!!
@tiger, gay robot skeleton? this i'd love to see! i do plan to make a tour in usa in a couple of years, where and what is this theater you're talking about?
seeing craig's show for the first time is as unsettling as seeing something like mystery science theater 3000 the first time.  especially when you see that he has a gay robot skeleton for a sidekick.
hahaha i love that kb reaction video "i need some coffee" lol
yes!! @kate epic!!! lol  i hear cory will be a teacher at his daughter school and they already posted photos of shawn, mr feeny & eric making an appearance on the show. :d
corey and topanga: epic romance.
@jason i loved 'boys meet world' and i'm interested in how 'girls meet world' will turn out :)
re-watching vm s2 and i don't like jackie................
@tiger, i forgot, i don't know enough about craig ferguson to form a strong opinion, but at least he's very expressive and the faces he makes are very funny;  i'm not so fond of pre-enregistered laughs, though...
@tiger. i agree with you. anyway, as i said arthur is so ininteresting to me that i didn't even know the story before your comment about it though i just learned on internet it was like a big scandal in france. to me, he's just one among a bunch of money lovers who make themselves laugh with lame jokes and phony laughs, who love to call themselves humorists and, dare i say it, artists!!! pathetic, i tell you!
the way i interpreted it was that craig joked about it from the perspective of a person who was genuinely wronged.  arthur claims it was homage over stealing, but the thing with homages is that you make a nod to the original while putting your own spin on it.  you can't really call a verbatim copy an homage.  i think legal issues just weren't worth it and pointing out the situation while not having hard feelings about anything was satisfactory enough for him.
@tiger, i watched the video, then i watched arth'ur reaction, he says c.ferguson was just kidding, and invited him in us to present the late late show with him and that he (arthur) got a standing ovation there... anyway, imo he doen't need to copy anyone, he can be pretty annoying by himself , and i never ever watch any of his shows, even when i'mbored to death yet too tired to do anything but watch tv.!
portlandia's take on kickstarter http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@tigernightmare.. omg that is funny!
craig's initial on-air reaction is almost worth it, though. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
lyz, there's this guy who kind of completely ripped off craig ferguson that i heard about.  craig was way too cool about it and even appeared on his show.
oops, sorry, , well the second one is more correctly written at least
@ tiger, don't, envy my ignorance i mean, we have our fare share of pathetic so -called humorists on french tv too...
@tiger,  don't,  a bunch of rench so-called comics/ humorists on french tv are simply pathétis...
i envy your ignorance, lyz.  leno's monologue is like, offensive to the very concept of humor to me.
and come on, johnny carson was awesome.
i think we just might hit 3.9 before the end of the day. stretch goals could be as simple as "where we get to film it."
of course these things are generational, but leno is kind of universally panned by published critics of all ages.  the thing is that with gen x and younger, we're just kind of not into institutionalized talk shows on a daily basis the way the boomers were.  fallon is okay, but i would much prefer to grow old with conan without the creative restraint.
@tiger i don't know who or what is leno, but your "normal" sounds like a nightmare
@tigernightmare before leno, there was johnny carson. these things are generational. someone will step up to the microphone.
i'm wondering how many people 'in the biz' are active in here, maybe .001% of us are those special people like mr. thomas and ms. bell who have been hoping for this campaign all these years.
i wonder what boring, humorless old people will watch once leno is gone.
i think if there'll be any updates or stretch goals it'll be on the 28th, cause that's half-way through the funding time. hopefully he'll have the t-shirt designs by then too.
don't tweet something like that. hit the "contact me" link directly below his picture. he does answer them.
i am a french and i love logan. i want to see logan and véronica together. (piz beurk..)
tweet that to rob thomas, meredith.  that's a great idea.
won't be leno for much longer......
heh. i'll bet that san diego is backing this thing like nobody's business.
hey, do you think we could write to the city of san diego to incentivize cutting costs of filming in the city?
oh.  i was thinking more of the indentured housewife who is always wearing an apron-dress, the husband who comes home every day in a cherry red minivan, suit and briefcase, their two boys and a girl each born exactly 15 months apart, their boxed macaroni and cheese dinner together and then they crawl into separate beds to fall asleep during leno.
@tigernightmare: that was the title of the season 2 premiere episode. @backupismydog: i think that funding is directly related to press and access to $, but it would be delightful if it were related to who is chatting in the comments on a given day. i appreciate the vote of confidence.
ticker. counter. whatever. am multitasking. sorry
the whaa?
@meredith. maybe your being here will kick the ticker into action. has been slow all day.
@tigernightmare normal is the watchword.
i hate normals.
@meredith, good morning...   i wish i could have just got up!
@tigernightmare. i usually only make it to the comments at work, and i usually work from 5pm-2am pst. today i have come to work at normal person hours, however.
i guess i call 11 am morning too.
hey.
good morning marshmallows! i hope the weekend was good.
ok, horrible roommate stories (a la mac and parker, only worse) go.
@kate good girl, just making sure. ;)
@jason of course! you're talking to a movie/tv buff who reads tvguide.com with her morning chai latte. :)
@kate have you heard of the new spinoff they are currently filming about cory and topangas daughter, girl meets world? http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2543796/
i feel like an update is looming somewhere round the corner.  maybe sometime this week, we'll get hit by a barrage of good news in a single update.  international funding enabled, at least three stretch goals and that the principal cast have signed their contracts and more.  i do have very bad psychic powers, you know.
ok, seriously rob, you need to add concrete stretch goals. the numbers are going to just keep getting worse and worse until you do. just the other day torment added a stretch goal for a popular game designer to be added to the writing team, and they had their best day since day 3 of their kickstarter, stretch goals work, use them!
@jason aw thanks! i'm watching old episodes of boy meets world. that show is so cute. it reminds me of vm, in a way.
to my fellow geeks on here (including kate), you should check some other kickstarter projects currently going, like this one http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inxile/torment-tides-of-numenera
oh sorry i thought my page was still on the ncaa forum oops.
go wichita state shockers!
http://www.baldursgate.com/
https://www.facebook.com/shesamarshmallow
xenoblade's the best rpg i've played in like 10 years.
@kate dragon age 2...yuck. go old school, play some baldur's gate. ;)
looks like we're getting our worst numbers yet today.
it's hard out here for a dork.
i'm just saying there could be others out there. like the elusive, 100-point, white rabbit (whoever gets that reference wins this forum forever)
you're too young.  that's my excuse.  also, far.
hot nerds: they exist, fellas.
so yeah i've been slogging through dragon age ii to try to stave the edge off of my veronica mars excitement. that's how desperate i am. this game is the cleveland browns in an otherwise impressive bioware nfl.
thanks @chiel mues   much appreciated!  where are you from?
i just backed! let's hope that international shipping is sorted soon!
from another ks i backed - •	approximately 61% of our backers are from the usa, with a whopping 39% being international - so please tell us when dvd's will be available internationally - i know you are also trying for digital downloads.. at this stage go with whatever is easier.. dvd is my preference, but others might be different.. waiting anxiously for international updates !
@jon great!  it's quite weird to comment here sometimes, one sends their line, it appears immediatly on screen, but ten or fifteenminutes after a bunch of other comments get insert ed in between and that makes  a strange whole... add some other things to do between visits to the board, and here comes the feeling of being in a fully alternate universe... well, i check here so often that i don't know what is the au and what is my own canon world lol!!
@kate,  it can be!  other times not so much!
@jon that sounds super fun! kinda jealous!
wwwwww
@kate  i'm standing in front of our last one in the picture.. i'm the red dot in the middle!  yeah its pretty fun.. driving these things is like driving your house!
@jon nice! that sounds super cool!
@kate  our customer is here fir the week.  i have to give a presentation on the electrical engineering of their new vehicle.  we design those huge megatrucks used in the mining industry.
somehow i missed that video, thanks july!
@jon what was the project for?
awesome video july, thank you for posting!
kb: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@lyz  yes i did!  all but a couple of slides i needed to add some screenshots that i just finished this morning.  so i am ready!  thanks for asking!
i have the episodes in italian.... now i want to buy the dvds in english!!!
@elisa, ciao bella, bienvenuto! @jon, hi, did you finish your presentation all right?
@elisa,  tell him that there are worse things that you could be obsessed with!!!  glad to have you hear.  i became vmars fan late in the game.. i dont get to watch to much tv and i would always miss my regular shows i liked.. one day my tivo scrounged up an episode of vmars and i liked it a lot.. it was late in season 2 and i had to go out and buy the season 1 and 2 dvd sets to catch up!
i'm really in....i always loved veronica mars (since i was 17) now my husband thinks i am crazy and obsessed with this project (and it is true of course)... @jon yes... it is a very close to torino
let's get to 3.9 by the end of the day!
@ elisa  glad to hear you are "in" all the way from italy!  i have a good friend traveling over there right this moment!  veneria reale, which i guess is a suburb of torino. @ kate.  hows it going?
i love logan ahahha... personally i think that the whole story was well written... the characters are well described they have complex personalities .... i am watching again all the series !!!!
@barb @elisa thanks. :) i seriously might die of boredom with these tools though. my roommate cannot get over the "logan supplied the ghb" bit when i explained the first season to her. she refuses to even watch it. sigh. the idiocy of the simple minded.
@ kate -- imo you guys are heroes. people who know nothing about fandom nor politics are the scary ones. ;)
personally i think that this project is great... i too am obsessed with it... i write from italy and i'll di the best i can to support it... =) !!
my roommates here in dc tell me i'm obsessed and absolutely nuts for supporting this project. they also like to argue with me about politics. which they know nothing about. strike two. so i'm glad i know other "crazy" people like myself.
@lyz thanks! same to you! :)
hi, kate, good morning!
it's monday morning on the east coast, super stoked to raise $200,000 today!
what do you mean @tind?
you should prolly sent out an update regarding the international rewards - i only discovered it by accident!
tim, sorry, though it's 2 pm here, i guess my eyes and fingers are still tire from yesterday!!
hi, til, have a good day! @amber, thank you, back at you!
i will miss trolling this board while at work today. it's not really trolling though if you love the product and are serious though, right? just over posting? ha
rt has said that the vm version he'll deliver for the movie will be the "what-you-want" version. i would never second guess rob thomas as he is for all intensive purposes the third coen brother, in my humble opinion; however, i would hope that the sequel is the "what tickles rt's fancy" version as we should all be able to recognize that he knows what's best! afterall, cadillac anderson was a pretty solid defender if i remember correctly - wonder how many boards rob got on him! ha.
if we receive an average of 20k every day for the next week, we will hit and surpass four million (which is a pretty modest goal -- if international pledges get sorted out and some new incentives are created, who knows, the current number could probably double!). happy monday, you guys!
@miriam - i'm inn oz too! waiting to up my pledge! and i just bought season1 on dvd. am planning on loaning it out to my friends who haven't yet discovered vm.
@july i know right. but to be perfectly honest i honestly love every episode i mean even when it's serious there's always one action that funny!! dick is such a comedian!! lol with the easter egg up the ass!!haha
when logan comes and takes a pic of her behind bars! love that episode!
my fav part in the whole series has to be when veronica is in jail and her father is talking to her!! such a great father daughter relationship!! lol
i really hope they get the international problem figured out soon.. come on australia is waiting...
i got one new fan hooked on veronica mars i'm planning on getting at least 4 more hooked!! i mean who wouldn't be hooked after watching just 1 episode!! the cast is awaome and the director and writers are amazing!!
they're trying to sort out the problem with international payment :)
they really need to add proper international support to keep the momentum going!
thank you so much for the links @lindsay
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hey fellow marshmallows, just thought i'd let you all know of some key websites that are a mecca of vm info, in case you didn't know about these before! http://marsinvestigations.net/   (the vm bible) http://neptune-style.livejournal.com/   (all about vm style- and i'd like to point out, has been active all these years, we're a pretty awesome bunch ;) http://vmtranscripts.com/  (because we all need those sassy one-liners) http://vm-caps.com/  (this one doesn't even need explaining) you're welcome ;)
@kate. hello kate. @melissa. well done. kept converting people. :)
welcome home.
@melissa  thats very cool! @kate  hello!  heading off to bed...  nite all!
cool melissa!
hey kate, i'm not worried about reaching 4 million it will happen soon.  we are gonna have a great movie one way or another, we have a great writer director, and a great cast so far.
hey everybody! hope y'all has a great weekend! sad to see we're not at $4 million yet but soon! :)
just thought my fellow marshmallows would like to know, that this weekend, i successfully turned not one, but three new people onto the wonder of veronica mars. :) so pumped for this movie!! let's do it!
congrats stephen, i'm wel jel. sadly all the  premieres were  a tad too far for me to travel. have an amazing time.
$29,565 was today's total. keep it coming!!!!!!!  https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
@stephan - nice work if anyone sees the nyc premiere/party slot become available lmk.
@ backupismydog i made it go back up. i grabbed the last austin spot.
mars investigation pens? pretty please?
looks like someone dropped the austin premiere
counter going down = someone lowered their pledge
cute new article: http://hellogiggles.com/five-ways-veronica-mars-ruined-my-life
why is the counter going down???????????
veronica can have a dragon shaped flash drive.
dragon desk ornament with a bug in it? after all...the panda was might useful.
he claims his daughter wants to see a dragon in the movie...
good dragon?
rob thomas ‏@robthomas 47m new stretch goal -- $10m for good dragon.
has there been any news at all?
why won't the counter move??????????
i want to watch this is 40
join the page https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 join the group https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/ change your profile picture to v-mars, invite your friends, post a status asking all of your followers to pledge $1... let's get the numbers up!!!!!!!!!!
lol what the hell did i type lolololol *i think the* is what i meant
@tim he was a rookie and ibthinkbthe age requirements is 20, right?
i'm watching this is 40 now and i just cracked up at the girl when her parents are like "you aren't allowed to watch over 100 episodes of any show in five weeks, that will turn your brain to mush!" and she's all like "my relationship with lost is none of your business, it's very personal!" ha ha ha. i basically wanna rewatch the whole vm series and i only watched it for the first time when the kickstarter campaign started!! even jj abrams didn't have me this obsessed!! hell, i watched when in rome this morning! and i gotta say kb looked great in that blue dress!! hit & run was better, though! i appreciated the commentary between her and dax.
wallace was awesome! @ kat that doesn't make what they did to meg right considering the tl  of events i posted and i still believe d&v after lily's death didnt fit as s couple anymore although i do understand why they gave it another go. and as for logan being depressed he was accused of murdering his gf & the biker boy, his mother died and he just found out his father was having an affair with his gf and he murdered her and on top of that v dumped him and started dating d. he had no one i would be depressed too lol
whatever it is candice, you know wallace will be "100% down"
@tim that is a great idea. i'm at the 400 pledge but maybe i will go with that instead of a video message from rico. those were always funny.
@laurie, sorry, my eyes are burning, my fingers are jelly, lol, 3.86m, yeah, up to bed i go!!! good night everybody, ttyl...
i wonder what veronica is going to get wallace to do in the movie. they have to do a breaking and entering or cause a distraction at least once in the movie.
you should have a separate price point for jason recording custom "inspirational message of the day" voicemails...   or at least call the $350/$400 rewards what they really are.
ok two hours to push past the awesome mark for the day!! 3.86 mill can be 4 tomorrow if we push hard tonight!
oh my god wallace and veronica ended up together, wallace gets killed!!! says absolutely no facts whatsoever lol
don't undersell us lyz! 5.86 :)
please, potential backers, 350$ until 5,68m,come on!
plus he's mad cool.
the sleuthing is at its heaviest whenever wallace is involved. he's not that deep of a character, but that's desirable in a lot of ways. whenever vm turns to him for help, you know the fun is going to pick up!
@tim what? he was a... no, even i can't find him a flaw, perhaps the flaw of not being flawed lol wallace is a good one, a consistent constant good guy through the whole series
@phil, i love both!!
i am glad we all agree that wallace is the best.
*we didn't use to be friends, oh no!
how about a new dog named cavalry... like "back off... or here comes the cavalry" boom dog jumps out of car... :-p
@tim, here you are, revealing your inner thoughtsllllllllol§§§ @ lilly, i 'll confess : i knew a duncan, kind of, a long long time ago when i was in highscool, and we didn(t used to be friends. but he used to date successively two good friends of me, fantastic girls to whom hie did a lot of damage, especially about pregnancies he denied any responsability in... but i can compartimentalize, and duncan the character .... lets say you're right, he's not my favorite character.
i originally had an issue with duncan and veronica together and that duncan broke up with meg for veronica. however re-watching it makes sense (at least in tv world). duncan and veronica never stopped loving each other and in comparison to logan and veronica had way less issues in their actual relationship. however had veronica and duncan stayed together it would have been a boring relationship.
*riddance
i guess i didn't know 20 was a real age for a deputy since my town had cops. i can buy it if i'm asked to, but i loved it when duncan was around. so unpredictable, so wrought with flaw. i didn't like it when logan first started dating roni bc he was such a nemesis, but it grew on me. then when he went depresso, that kind of bored me, but when he started kicking everyone's ass ... that was awesome.
lol @lyz why do i get the feeling duncan wasn't your fav person lol but you do have a point about him though.
@lyz yeah...you post here.... hundreds of thousands look... 59k pledge.. a total of 5500 comments? we be nerdy.
@lilly that's the only thing he did right. plus, he ran, good ridance lots of lol
*leo
@phil, i usually get up at seven, 3 am is pretty late for me. nowadays i check up the numbers as soon as i'm up, i don't comment right away cause there's noone here, but the counter makes (or not ) my first and last smile of the day. while i must confess i have other reasons to smile (or not), have i to consider myself "nerdy" too lol?
@tim duncan running off with his baby was alright with me bc they wouldn't let him see his baby. as for kei he was 20 and veronica  was 17 so not a big deal.
but at least he kidnapped baby! hello ... redemption! haha. but i actually had an issue with leo dating a junior in high school, but i suspended my disbelief for the sake of television.
lol @lyz duncan broke up with meg over the summer and started stalking veronica it was like as soon as he learned veronica wasn't his sister bye bye meg o_o veronica was still dating logan during the summer but broke up also before school started and duncan & veronica got together before school started back up. lol so all this happened during a summer break lol and i think that was kind of messed up. yea i know they didnt know she was pregnant so it wasn't that.
@lilly. i don't know what veronica did to meg, except not punching duncan when she learnt about the pregnancy. if we buy the storyline of d and v reunion (which i don't, as you very well know lol, meg and duncan were broken up, v and d had history, v didn't know meg was prenant, and break-up is a common thing at 18.   regarding duncan, he was is usual selfish coward dishonest son of a ahem... self, so yes i got a problem with what he did to and didn't do for meg. one more... have no fear lol, i won't start again!!!
wow... the episode where they introduce logan's sister? that whole episode is dope.
@lyz i own a pool hall... i always go to bed at 3 a.m... but happiness is a 5 million dollar budget and total happiness is 10 million... 8 million is complete satisfaction... hoping for a foreign push.
does anyone else have a problem with what veronica & duncan did to meg?
hey, i'm on holiday with my family and i'm still checking in, in its so addicting!
@phoebe yep, exactly what i said lol and what lyz & anna said lol
@phil hey, we waited a long time for this! you're not alone in that, checking the counter is the last thing i do before going to sleep, and sometimes i don't (go to sleep) until 3am ... when the numbers are good, i go with a smile, that's for sure!!!
why do i feel so nerdy because my day is better or worse depending on the numbers here lol
@phil the numbers did rise more in the last hour, you could really be right and i sure hope so!!!
@lyz that's the goal i've been hoping for... 100k ish every three days with a 1 mill push in the last two days... pretty on par with how kickstarter seems to work
shall we see 3.86m before the end of the day?
@phoebe as i said, denial...
i always saw veronica getting back with duncan as an attempt to get things back to the way they were before everything turned to sh*t, even though by that point they didn't really fit as a couple.
i like how it was reported that vinny van lowe will be running amuck
@lilly, haha, that made me laugh too, thanks for the souvenir.@tim, about  this, i can fully agree with you, thanks too!!
@candice i don't know but he made the comment "it's looking more like a brawl rather than cross words now"  which would indicate that he feels by the end of the kickstarter campaign, there will be money in the fund for what he envisioned as the better movie.
when the kid who bought the escort's freedom brings her back to his dorm and she tries talking to him and painting his toenails i think while he tries to read ulysses and then he gets wicked annoyed and snaps on her, "i have to finish this by tuesday!" funniest scene ever, like it was pulled right out of real life. hahaha.
@lyz vinny vanlowe singing in the pen veronica gave him lol
@phil i wonder if some movie investors have contacted him so they can invest outside of kickstarter.
the show itself was great i loved everything about the show, just bc we talk about the romances doesn't mean that's all we care about. that's a bonus majority of the time people fall for a couple and it makes them even more interesting in a show or movie even though that's not all they are their for. if the show as a whole wasn't good i would watch it and love it the way i do even if though i'm a love fan. like i said the only relationship i didn't like was veronica and piz they really didn't fit imo. duncan (pre-lily death) troy, leo & logan all made sense to me piz i just didn't see it.
@tim, i could agree with you if it was the only point. but fact is, duncan was dishonest, coward , and not so much drugged he didn't remember having sex with veronica. and as a woman, i 'm sure a true characterization would not include to come back to a man after a roofied night. okay, legally, willingly, he didn't rape her. that can't change how she fel t: one of my good friend was roofied a couple years ago during a birthday in a club, and the bartender told her afterward she very willingly left with two boys she knew, noone knowing better about it. and they weren't the ones who put the dose in her glass. it didn't stop her to feel violated.  okay, let's have some fun, this is too depressing. a good funny story anybody?
@tim i already stated before i understand why they gave it a try again. i just don't agree with it bc i at that point in season 2 they were different people. to me duncan & veronica were more suited for each other pre-lily's death.
it sounds like rt thinks they'll have all the money he needs to do it the way he wants.
lol
baton rouge it is ...
the negative vibes of that argument totally dropped the pledges :-p
i guess my point is you don't need to be in love with the person who the character duncan is, but that doesn't mean you can't understand how veronica would feel. and logan was the bully, so ... i dunno, sorry to start an argument! :)
none taken. i don't want to argue about the romances. mistaken identity is very shakespearian.
i don't see how people can be confused as to why veronica would have been more drawn to duncan since it was his manipulative mother that caused the break up. surely, the relief that comes from learning that your ex boyfriend actually isn't your brother must be great enough to tempt a reconciliation. to say that this is "excluding a deep and true characterization of the human psyche" is hogwash, in my opinion. it's natural for people to want what you don't want them to want, no?
and the reason because he didn't stand up to his  supposed sister during more than a year when she was bullied every minute of the day was? and please, no offense, but duncan and shakesperian don't fit in the same thought!!!!!
i guess my point was that from veronica's standpoint she wasn't unconscious when duncan had sex with her, and the reason he didn't stay was because he thought she was his sister. this makes me enjoy the writing, not want to stop watching. #duncanimnotyoursister. the whole shakesperian thing.
@lilly, your thoughts are not freaking, lol, you sound pretty sane to me! anna's analysis rocks!
@anna well said with both your comments i agree, i agree. mte! omg omg yes! yes! my freaking thoughts exactly about everything!!!!!!!!!
oooooooops, sorry, noir lovers, monsieur james ellroy!!! hey, jon!
@ lyz  lol!  hello!
hi, oi, ola, ciao, shalom, salaam, ni yaho ma (?), and saluton (esperanto) to all whose i don't know the language. i don't want to go all obsessive about the duncan thing, but i have to say: first, @anna, i totally extensively agree with you . @tim, it's not a question of love, it's a question of characters consistency and human relationship. sure, vm is supposed to be noir, and "life is a bitch and then we die", but it doesn't exclude true and deep characterisation. i love chandler and james elroy among a lot of other noir authors, and i can't remember any of their tales missing true portraicts of the human psyché. harsh, but true.
remember, plot wasn't exactly what made the show good... there were plenty of silly stories taken right from newspapers (bum fights, etc.) but character interaction... my concern is keith mars won't be as big a part of this movie as i want him to be... everyone talks about the kids, but he was always my favorite character... season 1 finale... oh man, classic.
also, i agree: having logan be falsely accused yet again of committing murder (per the rumored plot of the movie) seems like a bit much. how many times can one person be accused of murder? (first, lily in s1, then felix in s2). it's an easy way for the producers/ writers to force veronica and logan to interact & do their classic she-saves-him/he-saves-her, but still...surely there must be another way. it's a bit tired as a plot device.
per the whole veronica/duncan thing in season 2: yes, it sucks. not only wasn't it believable, but part of the problem with the duncan-character is that he doesn't quite make sense. there are various scenes where they try to show him as the good guy (viz., "return of the kane"), but as people have been saying, the fact remains that he doesn't once stand up for her (excluding telling logan to leave her alone in the "pilot") despite all the sh-t her former "friends" are throwing at her. (unlike logan, who tells his entire party of friends they're "dead" to him if they can't accept veronica). and after having sex with an unconscious girl, whom he'd unceremoniously dumped, he panics and leaves her. it's cowardly and just plain bad - logan, for all his numerous faults, would never have done that; he may lack sense (and an ethical compass), but he doesn't lack courage. bringing her and duncan together again at the beginning of s2 was clearly the producer/writers way of trying to keep the logan-veronica flame going, in the sense that we can only want them to get back together when they're not. but it was a really poor choice: why not just have them broken up? bell & teddy dunn also had absolutely no chemistry, and dunn, i'm sorry to say, didn't seem able to deliver a single line without being awkward about it. his stiffness is sort of explainable in s1, but not in s2. thank god they got rid of him after "donut run" - it made the show watchable again. but then they had to ruin the logan-veronica thing in s3 by transforming veronica into this madly jealous woman who's more or less continuously interrogating logan. yeah, she has trust issues. you can do maybe one episode with that. but i like the veronica character: yes, she's dogged; yes, she has an obsession with knowing things - but she's not mean. and in s3, she's actually rather mean to poor logan, who reacts to it all like a hurt puppy. they never really seem to have any fun together...which seems rather unrealistic.
@michael he did do that youtube video and the twitter thing... i think he might be right to focus on publicizing it over more mainstream stuff instead of focusing here... seeing as people who already know about kickstarter have probably made their choice about pledging... man the international thing bites though... i really think they could have hit eight million with foreigners helping.
why don't you just use the kicktraq stats?
today's total will only be 23 hours, as i have work in the morning and need to get back to my weekday posting schedule. keep it up though! things are looking great! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
aside from international shipping (which rob keeps saying is a work in progress), it's looking more and more like they're just gonna stand pat with what's currently being offered... which would be a shame. i just want really any update at all. every project i've supported in the past has given updates at least weekly... ah well. i'm sure they're all pretty crazy busy
oh, i thought it meant he was going to be married in the film. i'm an idiot ha.
@tim attached just means he's already signed on to play in the movie.
any news on international shipping and more high prized rewards opening up? i think both of those things could really increase the total in no time...
made almost $2,000 in the past hour.  not too shabby.
@lyz  yes, it could have been denial i can see that and also what you said @jennifer i agree with both of you
i don't know what interview it was but rob said it would be crazy to think she would still have the same dog after all these years. because the movie takes place 9-10 yrs later and dogs don't normally live that long etc etc. so i'm guessing backup isn't in the movie, maybe a new dog or non at all.
please get tyler stout to do the movie poster -- he's the best poster artist since drew struzan.
ha yeah i was just being a dork :p
it sounds to me that the film will span a decent length of time.  said somewhere that the reunion is in the middle of the film.  that's at least a week, but i'd say it's closer to 2-4 weeks.  you never know.  the time between arrest and trial can be 3 years or so.
@tiger: yeah, the pop star girlfriend thing seems odd, especially if they're gonna rekindle logan/veronica... "hey, solve my girlfriend's murder. also, let's make out..."
@ marília: agreed! the first few days i was trying to suck up as much info as possible; now i'm just holding out  for the year or so til the film. aghhh, so far away! at least i will be biding my time in a spiffy new t-shirt :)
i don't remember where the pop star detail (or that she was the victim) came from.  but things are subject to change after that first draft.  back to the future used to have a nuclear bomb test site.
@michael - i'd just rather see her get another dog just as adorable, haha.  yeah, about the spoilers. i think this s the point where i don't want to know more. i usually only want the general stuff. too many spoilers ruins it for me.
i'm spoilered out. i feel i know too much already!
manila posted a link that announces who the murderee will be, also the word "attached" is in parenthesises after leo's name on imdb, i dunno what that means. i'm sure mac won't be the killer but that would be kind of cool i think. reading spoilers really makes my mind wander with possibilities.
@jose,   but yeah i really hate when the corporate machines impose their will on the creative ones.
@jose,  jose was my dad!  but i got a kick out of your typo!  he's been gone for a few years.
madison can be the murderee
i think mac is going to be the murderer
don't worry. backup has been tastefully taxidermied and will feature prominently in the film. :p
seems it never rains in southern california :)
i think instead of seeing a sad old weak dog with grey fur, i'd rather remember backup as he was.  three different dogs.
@jose benavides yea definitely! by the 3rd season, i think they were moving to wb from upn and i guess wb took the show if they made smaller arcs. of course, rob agreed or else how could veronica continue. i really dislike it when corps makes changes to the creative. *cough firefly. *cough.
poor puppy!  i still think he could be alive, just older.
i had never stopped to think that backup would be dead. of course, it's logical and natural, but it hadn't crossed my mind... i'm sad now... evil article, haha
@jose,  really?  i didn't know that  wow can you imagine!  no network to deal with this time! @marilia,  hello!  tnx for the link!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/ https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850
hello everyone! not sure if everyone already saw this : http://screenrant.com/veronica-mars-movie-plot-spoilers/ it has mostly what we already know, and condensed some of the info floating around from various sources.
@tim crow the network forced them to make shorter arcs because they thought it could attract more people. fans were not happy about it at all.  that was the disappointing part of it all. network made them change the dynamic of the show and cancelled it.  but we still love the season!
yee haaa!
rock and roll.
yay! that's a huge boost to start the day!
someone just took the last rent out a theatre spot! $5,000 up!!!!
@tim,  i agree with you on the addicting part!  cept.. i gotta xoom no ipad :( @all  good morning!   (late night last night)
they can't release any more theatre tickets. there isn't a single theatre in nyc with the capacity to handle a single premiere screening of more than 400 plus specials. you could rent radio city music hall or carnegie hall, but that's an awful lot of money and work.
and i'm def on board with hoping more nyc tickets get released. this website is so addicting! 19 days to go! ::closes ipad, slowly backs away::
so then i watched hit&run which i thought was a wicked cool movie actually and i'm glad i did bc i had only seen dax shepard in idiocracy i think and i'm glad to have something else to associate him with ha
i began season 1 for the first time when i heard about kick starter, i know an awful n00b, and finished season 3 last night. i gotta say, the new way they told shorter stories made it less of a powerful season for me, but i still loved it and i was mortified when i stuck disc 6 in the machine only to find nothing but special features! mortified.
ohhh, yeah! go marshmellows, you're the roastied!
@lyz, veronica supposedly hadn't lost conciousness yet when she slept with duncan, though this can be questioned given what happened to her on the pool chair. what we are supposed to believe is that she invited him into the bed, both appearing to be drunk, and the reason he didn't stick around was that his mother told him veronica was his sister. it's very peculiar to me, although i realize its not uncommon, to see viewers so considered with the love aspects of the story as i believe it's meant to be enjoyed as noir. but everybody enjoys it for whatever reason. still, i know a lot of people these days are into twilight, which i've never seen, but ... anyway.
i@balabanto. i sure hope he will
he's going to get more than 80,000 backers at this point.
5 backers to 59000, i read somewhere r.t hoped for 80000 when he first did the maths before actually deciding to launch the project... here to make him right!
@lilly and jennifer, at most it was a big big case of denial from veronica, denial of the two passed years. anyway i got my fun back after donut run, and now i just hope movie veronica is grown up enough to know the denial doesn't help anything, it's only "reculer pour mieux sauter"... i  googled it, the best translation is "to delay the inevitable".
some more updates might drive new donations, folks. just sayin'.
16 backers to 59,000
@lilly i think that maybe being with duncan, veronica is trying to get back what she lost because of lilly's death. also sometimes you forgive your first love anything if indeed it was veronica's.
@lyz btw the drugged sex thing i have mix feelings about that. i can't be mad that he had sex with her being drugged bc they both were and also drunk but the fact he left her there all alone and never said anything to her was a coward and messed up move.  and i don't see how veronica could go with someone after that no matter the situation
@lyz i agree but i just feel like they prob felt like they missed out bc of the whole paternity issue so they gave it another try. i don't agree with it like you and i also didnt feel like she really didnt care for him that way anymore.
@ michael dang, well i hope it gets announced soon otherwise it's back to finding a shipping forwarder heh. thanks michael!
@lilly; i for one can't understand how veronica could be back with duncan: he had sex with her while she was inconscious! sure he was drugged, but not so much he couldn't remember, not so much he didn't know he left her here alone with her underwear on the carpet, not so much he couldn't stand up for her during the months after! no antidepressant makes anyone a coward, and  coward is the softest way i have to describe him. as a woman, i was really offended by this storyline andwhile i can understand why she broke up with logan , i felt getting back with was inconsistent with v's character, she's no spineless girl. as i said before, i almost stopped watching!!
@kristen i just couldn't by it that veronica & logan would be a couple again bc he just didnt fit with her at this point in her characters life. veronica changed so much after lily's death just like the other characters and duncan just felt like he did match her anymore. he was too me suited for her pre lily's death not post, but i do understand why they would get back together and give it another try. as for logan i can't remember that well rather i liked his attitude or not but i do believe he was a little too much idk i'll have to see how i feel when i start re-watching s2 today. but i do know alot of it has to do with his father and his affair & murder of lily, plus his mom is presume dead and he's basically an orphan with no one except his sister who is not really there for him so much. and he deals with it by being an extra jackass etc etc but i still have to re-watch again to see how i trulley feel about everyone in s2
@chad i just checked the wilderness company's project, and i saw the creator put a comment there, so i know it's possible. maybe stretch goals are long  to negotiate, as is the international issue, but i think rt or kb or any cast member commenting here would help at least a little!
@lilly - i just watched the first ep. of s2 today. it's always so sad to me. i love the first season. it may in fact be the best season of tv ever. period. the second season, i like it. sometimes i really like it, but i don't love it the way i love the 1st. by the time i get to the third season now, well, last time i didn't even make it all the way through. :\ and i agree, duncan is about as interesting as a box of homogeneous rocks. logan (whom i love) also pisses me off in the 2nd season. at least there's still weevil, who i like more and more every time i re-watch. and veronica of course. even on her bad days she's still my favorite tv heroine.
let's get some stretch goals or more ks updates posted! we've read that 5 million is really where they'd like to be, so let's get that up there! 5 million = san diego shooting, realistic amount of extras for the reunion, etc? it's slowing down because the narrative is "veronica mars movie funded" instead of "let's keep getting excited about making it as big as we can!"  shooting in alabama standing in for ca in some generic high school with 20 extras doesn't seem epic enough!
wow........done re-watching s1 vm and veronica mom is a worthless bitch! excuse my language but damn! really? now i'm dreading re-watching s2 only bc i could care less about veronica dating duncan -_- even tho he's better than piz lol
oh, guess the days end at midnight east coast.
i am hoping they may add more tickets to the ny premiere. think there is a good chance?
i'd love to see 60,000 backers by the end of the weekend.
well. i'm in est but count the day for this as cali time so i think we have a shot.
whee! balabanto buys some lottery tickets.
if your time zone permits.
your wish is granted.
would be nice to get backers to 59k today
i freely admit that if the powerball jackpot is not discovered, i'll be buying some tickets to raise my pledge.
kicktraq just updated and it's only at $28,550 for the day.  i think the days end at midnight on the west coast, but i'm not sure.
veronica=bad relationships. it's okay. "there was no doubt about it. it was the myth of fingerpriints. that's why we must learn to live alone..."
@robyn. thanks again. maybe ppl are waiting to see how they do in march madness pools. i do believe 5m is in sight in next week.
$29,082 raised today. not as good as yesterday. keep pushing marshmallows! https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850 https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers
"vm is $150,000 from passing project eternity to be the 3rd highest kickstarter of all time." let's please not start this again.
if you offer the choice of another t shirt or the poster more people would make the $75 or $100 contribution.
re-watching vm and noticing how terrible veronica treats the men in her life. rather they were their for a min or yrs lol.
just went out and bought the season 1 dvd. time for a rewatch me thinks!! (and to get my friends who weren't around when it first aired to see the show)
+$110! kaching kaching
+$235
we're at $26,074 for the day so far.
we passed half of yesterday hours ago.
@ michael southwick yeah, today is only going to do half of what the past few days have been.  there's a winter storm sweeping across the country.  maybe that has something to do with it?  or maybe people actually do stuff on the weekends, so when they go back to work on monday they'll goof off on kickstarter again.  :-p
jesus?
it will definitely make another $150,000.  maybe even $500,000.  beyond that, who knows?
vm is $150,000 from passing project eternity to be the 3rd highest kickstarter of all time.
i can still see us doing 30k for the day.
tax season is upon us, michael.
according to imdb spoiler alert on veronica's current boyfriend?
barring a lot of activity over the next few hours, looks like this'll be our slowest day so far... :/
vm movie now on imdb.com http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2771372/
i totally should have bought that, ha.
dude, do it, be the man. i would if i was you. i basically feel dared to now anyway. ::checks calendar::
someone take that austin premiere/party slot before i am tempted to splurge.
doug reminds me of jerry from parks and rec. hes a doof and no one likes him but he gets the beautiful women.
it's like she's had her balls cut off all season is more my issue with the character development, or lack thereof. i'm sure they'll grow back. she was bad ass season 1.
i know jeannie & vm are different characters but it is sometimes hard to not think of both. the whole rain man debacle was a why are you doing this moment.
i'd say sarah marshall is worth a rental or whatever the kids do with movies these days.  sarah marshall is a pretty terrible person, but she's believable and humanized by kristen.  also, jason siegel's penis if you're into that.
she def rocks at both roles, i should probably watch heroes i guess, but i went from episode 1 of house of lies through like all but the latest episode, then did seasons 1 and 2 and half of 3 of vm, and then the latest house of lies episode and i was like omfg jeannie's not the same! probably due to the obsessive binge watching or maybe i'm being dramatic. i think jeannie's starting to go soft anyway. i don't watch many romcoms.
i've seen almost half of season one of house of lies and i'm not having any issues separating veronica from jeannie.  maybe it's because i haven't seen the show since 2007.  outside the massive library of romcoms kb's done, she's to me very capable of playing very different characters without the rare skillset of a character actor.  i'm only basing this off of sarah marshall, heroes and house of lies, though.
@ nilesh i believe shipping of rewards is only available for usa and canada at this time, but they are working on getting approvals for other territories.
@ stephen, for me it was a small price to lose some enjoyment/investment in house of lies for vm. it's not a knock against kristen bell the actress because i was very invested in the jeannie character, and totally bought into jeannie having no other kb performances to compare her to having not seen much of her yet. but once i got hooked on veronica, i just can't see jeannie the way i used to. i think it is far more a comment on how deeply the vm character connects with its fan base than it is to suggest kb being unable to pull off the different characters, because she obviously does.
@stephen come oooooooon.  she was 24-27 playing 15-19.  the character was also wise beyond her (fictional) years.  i'm comforted that she's only 13 months younger than me.  but i actually prefer to crush on amy acker.
@ tim i did the reverse vm then house of lies. it scarred me for life.
does $10 shipping include uk?
it is harder to enjoy house of lies now that jeannie is veronica. i had been watching house of lies before i got the vm dvds and ... having trouble separating the characters.
tim, there should be exactly 9 and a tenth finished by someone else.
i'm sorry but kristen bell has the sexiest hands in hollywood. ou la la. i'm totally going to watch hit & run and reefer madness soon. she has totally eclipsed evangeline lilly as #1 hollywood babe with talent.
@robyn - yeah, i think it'll help spread the word. hopefully the numbers will keep climbing steadily. :)
i am re-watching the veronica mars series (all three!) and i must say, 'man, neptune high went through a lot of journalism teachers..."
@marilla: not at all. just a more organized way of talking. the comments are great as they show a continued interest in the project, but people who want to have in depth conversations will have an easier time following them on facebook. it will also help us reach a new audience who may not have heard of the project, through invites and such.
@robert - i think the twitter chat helped too. hopefully they still have some tricks up their sleeves for the weeks to come.
@robyn - i was just wondering if that was so we would stop clogging up the comments area. ;)
there should be like 9 veronica mars movies.
i enjoyed veronica mars when it was originally on tv.  like most of you, i would like to see it on tv again.  the reality is that this movie is most likely the best we will probably get.  i am hoping this movie will provide answers to the questions left at the end of the tv series and leave me with a good feeling about how the characters lives have worked out.  i don't expect "and they lived happily ever after"  but it would be nice if they get what they deserve in their make believe world.  i would be disappointed if rob tried to shoehorn some things into the story just to try to make some people happy.  i don't mind some people not ending up together.  if they are happy with their choices and happy enough with the others choices that they can still be friends, who am i to try tell them how to live their lives. (real or not.)   i am hoping for a movie on par with 3 tv episodes.  i read it cost about 1.5 million per episode, so i am thinking 4.5 million to get what i am hoping for.  i have seen some numbers on kicktraq.com that track kickstarter project's funding in almost real time.  i noticed that the daily pledge totals had been dropping steadily every day, it may be a coincidence, but the totals increased for at least 2 days after rob and kristen had their live twitter chat.  i think that a little encouragement from the people involved in making the movie could go a long way in bringing up the final tally at the end of the kickstarter campaign.  i'm not talking about spending a lot of time or money.  i actually think the twitter chat made a difference, so maybe some more of that, or some short videos on you tube by the actors, or perhaps plug this on some talk shows. perhaps some links in the updates, if possible. thanks, to rob thomas and all the people who made veronica mars the quality show that it was.  i am hoping this movie will be at least as good if not better.
er, labour of love.
this limited release shit is crap!! oh well, though. i'm at least proud to obsessed with something that is a "love of labour." rob thomas is like the third coen brother.
@marilla well, rt sent out a tweet about the page on twitter and i'm just trying to help make sure everyone knows about it and the group.
being that the movie is limited release in theaters,i'm not sure it will be shown where i live in michigan but stranger things have happened.
i'm obsessed.
everyone should make a big stink about seeing it five times each!! warner brothers should step up their game and at least put this movie everywhere. i do not understand how tom cruise movies are everywhere, but v mars gets a limited release after setting the internet on fire. the world doesn't make sense to me! that being said i know that actors like paris hilton and jtt were part of the reason i never gave it a chance when it was on tv, but we all know that the quality of this film will speak for itself and word of mouth is only growing!! maybe it doesn't take it's rightful place atop the box office, but surely the franchise will be resuscitated and brought to ever growing heights.
are you trying to say something, robyn? ;)
https://www.facebook.com/groups/473710556028277/
https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850…
...unless we all see it 10 times each :)
it is not realistic at all to expect this movie to be #1 at the box office, especially with a limited release.
veronica mars > star wars.
how realistic is it to expect this movie to be #1 at the box office?
https://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarsmoviebackers/
haha, buffy trailer dubbed in portuguese: http://www.youtube.com/watch… @lyz, some channels leave the songs as sung by the original actors and put subtitles in. i think that's an idea as long as you're not dealing with little children or people who can't read. cartoon dubbing is particularly awful bc the voice actors decide to change things around and add things that weren't there in the original.
"which doesn't sound like a rusty saw" sorry, too much tipping today
@tiger, my ears are hurting! at least they could have dubbed anya with an actual singer? or at least some voice whosounds as a rusty saw::
@tiger, it's the buffy musical!!! it's about being able to do anything as long as they are together! lol...
sometimes voice actors make extra noises that are unnecessary. http://www.youtube.com/watch… don't ask, i have no idea what's going on there.  but i know for certain that giles doesn't go, "hrumgnnnnnn," when he stops chewing his donut.
@céline - same problem here. almost every actor of a certain age sounds the same, the kids all have annoying squeaky voices because they're probably being dubbed by the same adults, and there's some older gentleman somewhere with a raspy voice who does all the old peoples voices, hahaha. it's even more annoying when the people are supposed to have french, german or british accents... when they get dubbed, it's all lost.
remember the episode when that kid buys the escort's freedom and then she's trying to talk to him and he's all like "i have to finish reading ulysses by tuesday" and he gets wicked annoyed. so funny. just like real life.
@ marília bonelli, you are so right about the real voices and accents! most of the time, like here for vm, the french voices sound just not right. and because there are not much different french dubber, everyone has the same voice. in french, kristen bell as the same voice that kristen dunst, drew barrymore, hilarie burton, kaley cuoco, ... and the translations are not exactly the same so we lose so much in understanding, especially for the english jokes.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/backers-for-the-veronica-mars-movie-kickstarter/453212908087850…
sure it would, but it's the week-end. perhaps well get an update next week?
been over a week since the last one; gotta happen sometime! :d
@michael - hope you're right. :) it would be a good day for an update. :)
anyone else have the sneaking suspicion that today will be an update day? i sure hope so!
@jon - i'm at gmt-3. :)
@céline - i forgot to say that when they broadcast the show on open channels, they're always translated, but some of the paid channels like sony, warner, hbo, tnt, they let you choose between the original sound and translated, or they put in subtitles. back when i watched veronica mars on tnt, i watched it with the original sound because there was an option. now most channels have decided they're going to just dub everything and not let us choose, which i find irritating. i like hearing people's real voices and accents. :)
@marilia  lol just turned afternoon here :)
@jon - oi, tudo! haha boa tarde. (it's already afternoon here).
@céline - i think europe will be okay because there seems to be a lot of support there, i'm not so sure about south america in general, or even brazil. i don't think the series got enough attention when it was on here. i don't think it helped that back then it was on sundays afternoons or something like that.
@mailia.  oi, tudo bom?
@tim - yeah, i know. i always thought it was perfect. :) and i couldn't - and now can't again because of all this - get it out of my head.
@ marilia bonelli, the problem is the same that in south america, there are so many different languages and it's pretty rare that they just broadcast the original version in english and not the translated version. but i hope they will think (if they can) to european and south american fans
opinions are like buttholes marilia, everyone's got one and most of them stink!! that song is very amusing, catchy, and perfectly suits the show. don't let the people hating on vm get to you! because they make no sense!
salut, lyz! :)
@tim - i stumbled on a commentary about veronica mars yesterday and was sad that the person doing it found "we used to be friends" to be the worst opening song ever...
they gotta use la femme d'ardent, right?
hall & oates, we used to be friends, and la femme d'ardent best soundtrack ever! i also liked when they cued up peter tosh and also the i'm not in love song for the infidelity episode.
hi, marilia. céline, si tu parles de diffusion tv, le film finira bien par ariver en europe. quand, c'est une autre histoire,  mais pour ce qui est du grand écran, warner bros n'a même pas prévu une grosse distribution dans les salles aux etats unis, alors il n'y a pas beaucoup d'espoir pour nous: les non américains/canadiens ne sont même pas surs d'accéder aux cadeaux en échange de leurs dons, alors...
i don't have the talent to do anything like this, myself, but i know rob thomas is looking for people to do their own versions of "we used to be friends".  make some good ones and send them to him on twitter!
@céline - i'm thinking the same about brazil. at least if they consider europe as a whole, it'll be okay for you, right?
@ lyz, yes it's was what i meant to say ;) je suis suisse, donc question exportation en europe, c'est pas la suisse qui va peser lourd dans la balance!! mais il me semble que la série avait été diffusé entièrement sur m6 non? du coup, il y a peut-être un petit espoir que le film soit quand même diffusé par chez nous...
wow, 15 000 more than when i last saw the counter. cool. :)
usa! usa! roni mars! whoooooo!!
@ celine, you french? cause i believe you meant you miissed her. i'm afraid there's sadly no international release in sight, perhaps if and after the movie is a big hit in usa?
anybody else fall out of their seat watching the big lebowski episode?
right jon, we don't need hope here, only faith!
and he almost won the egg drop!
wallace is always down to find out the truth!!
wallace is the man!!! your lack of pimp juice is gonna hurt you, son!!!
hey hey i just heard about the new :) so awesome, your "neptune" detective missed me so much!!! but i just have a question, does anyone know if it's included in the project to export the movie in europe and especially in non-anglo-saxon contries?
just under 200k to go for 4m marshmallows!  lets get the word on the streets!
@liz  hahahaha i dont need hope!  rt is a genius  kb is awesome!  there's not doubt in my mind!  and when it happens i will be there!
@jon thank you!... what? no comment about the third vm movie? where's your hope, man? lol
@lyz,  yeah some people are just naturals!  i wish them and you the best of luck!
bon appétit, tracy
i'm travelling today so am checking in while eating breakfast in west virginia. wow on the total! hopefully it will keep climbing and still waiting for the international go ahead which i want to come soon. pretty please.
@jon, yeah, he loves it. he learnt to draw by himself, from a very early age, and took pride for a long time in not having any teacher -a bit childish, but... he was a child ! he loves to create anything he can with his hands, but 3d is his way to animated movies, and he is happy, that's what matters. i'm a little anxious to see them  both leave france, but as they both told me, if they make it across the ocean, they will earn enough to send me flight tickets. and their ability to accomplish themselves has allways been one of my top priorities, so... here to my fly to los angeles usa for the third vm movie!!!
dimity, thanks. i did, and i was surprised, i was expecting some ode to nature and i found a story about getting over one's boundaries and boxing, with an historical side... i like this, i think i'll back it, for an amount i'll decide upon knowing about international rewards here.
@lyz,  that sounds great!  i design in 3d as well.  of course i draw in 2d for my schematics but i also use a program called solidworks to do all of my 3d work.. not only the harnesses but mechanical parts too.  been a designer for a long time!  i started life out as a welder and a machinist.  but always had a hand in design and engineering!  its a lot of fun really, at times not so much but its nice to see a project when its done and working!  kind of like this movie!
@lyz, click on their name and it will link you to their project
@the wilderness company, that's nice, please tell us more about your project..
yes, balabanto, we'll all sent you lots of positive thoughts,to make lots of money coming your way.  @jon, my youngest is a designer 3d, i believe he types and draws better than i speak...french, lol.  my eldest is 26, he uses his computer a lot too in his work as a screenwriter and director-who-doesn't -like- to-delegate, so he leaves it to work, reads paper-books and hand-write letters to his loved ones...
wow! amazing, you should be very proud of your project. warner brothers will finally see there is an audience for it and you have exceeded your goal so congratulations. we are looking up to you for inspiration with our boxing british film the wilderness. you have our our full support from the wilderness company in the uk.
@balabanto,  i know what you mean.. weekends are the biggest days of the week in retails for sure!  well hope you make lots of commissions this weekend! @lyz  i went through the fb phase and i dont get on it much at all anymore.  i'm new to twitter too.. only have two followers!  lol  my youngest is 15 and can text at the speed of light!
oops, he would be offended! to be clear, my youngest son is 25.
@ jon, i don't do twitter, nor facebook -my youngest son and his friends call it  "face de bouc"  meaning goat face, but it doesn't sound right in english. i usually love to meet friends face to face, this whole project is a big new adventure to me!
jon, i work in retail. if you don't work saturday, you don't make any money.
yeah, that's a matter of feeling! and, the screenplay i'm currently translating is boring, the next one seems to be worst, so i look for cheering where i can. here to the big rush!!!
i know tptb are working out the issues and it has only been a few days...but when you come on here all the time to keep checking, it feels like it has been ages!!! lol
@lyz  hahaha!  i see!
i upped mine twice, but now i'm waiting for the international release, 'cause i want to be part of the big rush i hope it will bring!
@dimity  good on ya!!!
@balabanto,  i have to clean house first but i am working from home this weekend.. i need to be left alone to put my presentation on the electrical engineering of our next truck for our customer and i have about 60 slides left to do on the powerpoint and some arty stuff that im not so good at!  sounds like you have been putting in long hours too like me!
australia. there are heaps of us here waiting to up our pledges (or even giving a first donation)
hi, dimiti, where are you?
oh liz...hahaah, at first i thought you must have been in new zealand!!
i managed mine up a couple levels two days ago =)
no, 1.30 pm,  of course
hi balabanto. good morning,to you. it's 1.30 am here, and i was waiting patiently for us to wake up, switching between translating and checking the counter. and i was very excited when i saw the numbers, but then this thing with the counter happened three times in a row, and i got confused, people seem to manage their pledge up and down..whatever, the movie is a go, the backers are great, it's a beautiful day... you're right, let's keep hope and think positive!!
i'm waiting to see the counter go up now that americans are waking up. it's almost bed time here!! but i want to see the numbers going up  :(
well, i'm just hitting coffee number one and then going to work for 11 hours.  then i'm kind of off the grid for a couple days while i go to this company thing.
awww @ lyz,  im sorry for leaving you alone!  but i'm always here is spirit!   and there's always twitter!
@balabanto  yep we are just getting up and at-em!  on coffee number two :) @laura,  yes they will send you an email to verify size, and shipping details when the shirts and other items are ready to ship
they ask you and send you an email when the kickstarter is over.
people are still waking up in america, lyz. we're at 3.81 at 8:30 am. a very good sign for the rest of the day.
out of curiosity how would they know what size shirt to send? or do the just send the same size to everyone?
hi jon! i was feeling a bit lonely here.. and the counter doesn't stop to go back and forth, right now it's lower than the amount on the kicktraq page, 300$ come and go since two hours!
@lyz,  good morning!  coffee & vmars comments check.. what more could i have to look forward to?  certainly not the kitchen i have to clean  and the laundry to do!
well, there's a hilton hôtel in paris, beautiful, i woudn't minng the shooting taking place there... hello anybody, i just came back, we got over3.8m and topped the amount for the second time yesterday since i was there, greaaaaaaat!
a paris hilton cameo would be awesome!!!
bloooooehh.  the only way a paris hilton cameo would be acceptable to me is if it was some kind of meta joke where we see maybe 3 seconds of sfw footage of the famous green night vision sex tape.  pan to dick saying, "i can't watch this.  i hate her too much."
@candice, that is a brilliant idea re: madison finding out about the switch w/ mac. it would be kind of cool to have a paris hilton cameo, too, lol.
c'mon guys, we're almost at 4 mil!  only 200 grand left! :-)
hey everybody! make sure to keep our movie in the top ten on kicktraq! dropped a few spots today... http://www.kicktraq.com/
posted on the hero system boards. i design games for the system, but veronica has a lot of fans there.
i'm horrible at designing fliers, but if someone else designs one, i'll print it and post it somewhere.
oooh. that is a great idea. posting fliers on public boards for the kickstarter.
when i was in college, you had to get a stamp on the flier in order to hang one up. it would be cool if we could get a poster into a bestbuy or movie stop.
so glad we made it to 3.8!
awesome, thank you!  i want to see these numbers jump! ;)
@tabetha bulletin boards, you can pretty much post anything as long as it isn't obscene.  privately owned businesses, you'll have to ask a manager.  call ahead if you can.
i want to print out this site as a flyer and put it up at my college, bank, and at the store, but is that illegal?  does anyone know?
this is absolutely fantastic. 4 million by the end of the weekend!
yesterday was better than the day before and today was better than yesterday.
i hope we will continue to increase the daily totals.
i hope continue to increase the daily totals.
@marilia good night!
good nite marilia, yeah i think tigernighmare faded to
tweeted again under other account to try to rally peeps. will get back on the case tomorrow.  i think we can get 59-60k followers and 3.85m by tomorrow at this time. go team!!
@bobbie - no, i was annoyed as well. but then, i'm not normal. :) and i should try to get some sleep. :) good night everybody!
@tigernightmare: "ready to..." was that your fade to black moment?
i pledged the 100 dollar level even though i don't even own a blu ray player i don't even have a dvd player that's not in a computer!  i'm hoping the digital copy will be high def, not sure if they said
am i the only one who is excited to see someone's pledge brought the total to a nice round number??  that was driving me crazy!  lol, i seem a tad ocd don't i?
bid 20k and get to present a sloth on set to kristen bell. #newrewardideas
i'm doing odd jobs to raise my pledge to blu ray cause aside from the poster that's signed being disabled andhomebound its what i want more then anything esle yes way more then the tee
to what?
they should bring a sloth on set.
i don't mind an ending that's like what you said, but when you just cut to black, that's just annoying.  instead of an end to the story, you get nothin.  and a lot of people who thought their cable crapped out on them.  i'm curious how someone would adapt the ending into a book.  if it describes the set up with all the characters ready to
lol  tigernightmare i loved the sopranos ending, it was perfect.  just another day in the life where at any moment catastrophe could strike, but didn't.  but anyway don't worry,  pretty sure rob is not looking to me for advice on how to end the movie.
"your lack of pimp juice is gonna hurt you, son."
nothing should ever be like the ending of the sopranos!
in the last 24 hours, we raised an additional $36,875!!!!!!!!!! congrats marshmallows on hitting the $3.8 million mark! keep the campaign going strong! (look at my previous posts to see how today compares!)
@lloyd: i've seen, on other projects, where folks opened a chip-in account or pooled friends, etc. to pledge a high tier to have a local event. rather than wondering if someone in columbus will pledge, you could, instead, wonder how many of your friends, family members, neighbors, or nearby strangers want to join forces...and money. ;)
i think the ending of the veronica mars movie has to be like the end of the sopranos, tie up a few ends, but keep us guessing.
i have no doubt 5m is possible in the 20 days that are left. my question is if the original goal had been higher would more people have pledged? how many did not bother because they did not "need" to? i know call me a pessimist. i'd be in good company with veronica lol
please someone in the columbus oh area back this at $5000 :)
i think 4.5-5m is possible. 20 days left. rob and his crew must have some things planned. and there'll still be a bump for intl people. i don't think anyone has forgotten you.
i do like how he has "the dude abides, i don't know about you, but i take comfort in that" on his fictional myspace page.
@meredith you may be right . still i wonder how many people looked at the site and saw that we "hit our goal" and thought to themselves, great! the movie is getting made i guess i don't need to pledge.  either way i know i pledged and did my part and i am glad its happening
i love jd as an actor and logan as a character, so i don't want him to be dead at the end of the movie. vm is not the same without him. ps i think dick is kinda cute.
@randy, i don't think that 10 would have been achievable, but i think 4 might have been.
i love that we have made it this far. though i can't help but wonder if the original goal had been 10m we would have hit it already.  right now i think we are still in the "special episode" range, i want to see full blown epic movie so keep pledging marsmallows!  fyi if we raise enough money it will be everyone fighting everyone lol
@meredith i thought she was going to blurt i out then too. meredith as a murder victim would be cool. mac could be the suspect.
@tim - i kept expecting the person with the i heart dick casablancas logo to magically appear when you said that. :) @chip - good night.
guys, i'm so proud to be a marshmallow. i remember using my school's printer (against policy) to print up a bunch of veronica mars fliers when it was facing cancellation in 2007. years later, and here we are, and we've reached 3.8 million dollars and gotten ourselves a movie. really nice to see. and while i still have these happy thoughts i'm turning it in for the night. see everyone tomorrow :)
dick casablancas is repugnant.
i think i would be ok with madison getting killed in the movie.
or the murderee (yes, i know that's not a real word).
@candice, i think so too. i am surprised veronica didn't blurt it out in a fit of rage when she was shopping for lingerie.
love aside, i loved how logan's character developed as the show progressed. i think he was always one of the more complex characters. just for that, i'm hoping he sticks around, and is not the murderer, haha.
mac would lay the smackdown.
i go back and forth on shipping love.
@meredith it should be mac and madison. it's time madison found out about the switch.
@marilla, i don't want the intensity between him and veronica to be diminished, but i also don't want to see their romance continue developing. i am hoping for a shocking surprise or two. i like the actor jason dohring, and logan is a great character, but i don't want the entire franchise focused on him.
tim, why are you hoping we'll be digging logan's grave?
on the fight: logan vs. whoever is the other suspect in the murder. :)
@tigernightmare - haha, i don't think you have to worry about any of the guys being shirtless.
@candice logic would dictate  logan and whoever veronica is dating at the time. i am kind of hoping for veronica and madison sinclair.
logan is all kinds of crazy.
@meredith, i hope logan dies.
who is in the fight scene? rob is asking for predictions about the movie.
@tim. that depends on who is fighting, how and the definition of winning i suppose. if the question is fisticuffs,  logan is fighting, and success is who deals the most damage, then logan.
i'm fully committed already.  i actually missed that there was a $100 tier after pledging, then i shrugged and told myself i'm fine with a $100 poster.  as long as all the dudes aren't shirtless on the poster, it's going on the wall.
so, who do you guys think will win the fight scene? wallace?
@meredith - i'm waiting until the last days or until they say they can deliver internationally. :) hopefully the latter.
i don't know about anyone else, but i am waiting till closer to the end to up my pledge. i want to see how the campaign unfolds before committing fully.
a new status update that you can feel free to use: any veronica mars fans out there??????? be a part of history! donate to the kickstarter to help fund the movie! did they reach their goal? yes... but the powers that be said that they need at least $5 million to produce a good movie; they just didn't want to make an unreachable goal. no donation pledge is too small! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project' comment if you donate so i can thank you in a status message!
hahaha, at your command, tigernightmare!
this is like that touchdown the niners couldn't score all over again.  come on, moooooooooove.
$4!
@phil - what did rt say that made you think about divorce or death of the significant other? i just saw something about the case putting a strain on them...
$3,802,020 is the number that would match yesterday.
@backupismydog - i don't think weevil would get along in politics, he had a sense of fair play to him, hahaha, even if it was in his own weird way. :)
then again who says it's not a serial killer this time..
@robyn there is also lynn echols who we think is dead. cassidy casablancas is also dead.
nah, from what rt says i'm expecting either a nasty divorce sent her back to dad or her significant other is the one that gets the axe.
@marilla maybe weevil is mayor -- brains and willingness to bend the rules seem to work in politics. actually, scratch that. weevil is too smart to be a politician.
i think the coolest prize was naming a character.
if there were a bunch of fans living near each other, they could pull together for the screening spot that's left, haha.
hmmm... i was just thinking... now that it was confirmed that lily will not be making an appearance in the movie, who else could rt have been talking about that may re-appear from the dead?????? well, it's a stretch, but sheriff lamb could have survived and been put in the witness protection program... and his death could be what brings veronica home!
yeah, weevil is a good guy for sure. prone to flying off the handle, though. maybe he's found consistency in the years between.
it looks like pledges will beat yesterday but we need 90+ backers to match yesterday...soooo we take the good with the bad, right?!
we're about $130 from topping yesterday.
@backupismydog it takes all my strength not to calculate before the 24 hour mark! i don't allow myself to pull up the sticky note from the day before until just before i'm about to post... that way, i get to share in the joyful surprise. lol
@tim - i keep hoping weevil didn't get too lost along the way. he always seemed like a good guy under it all, and pretty smart, so i was always rooting for him.
vinny van lowe is the man. i'm actually half way through season 3, started with season 1 last week, but nothing could be worse than sheriff lamb. he was despicable!
@robyn. i look forward to your daily updates. thank you!
imagine what neptune is like with vinny van lowe as sheriff. it must be an awful place to live.
oh, i hope vinny van lowe is in the movie!
@tigernightmare i'll let ya'll know at 10pm ct when i post my daily results.
looks like we're gonna beat yesterday too.
i too have logged in to twitter for the first time in ages.
i've been torturing friends and coworkers for the past week. even resurrected an old twitter account last week to get the word out to any followers who were robots.
i've only been addicted to this site for a couple days now, so i missed witnessing "the tidal wave," but i would love to see someone scoop that one remaining private screening. that spike would be cool to see.
it would be great to have incentives that don't add production costs. i would love to see a special thanks section of the end credits of the film with the names of everyone who backed the project by x amount.
i live in the us but sent a tweet to rt and kb suggesting more incentives, both here and abroad. (see my past posts for daily averages of pledges.)
yay!!
the amount per backer is up nicely today... still averaging right around 30 grand four days straight.. but that's a good clip to be on... come oooon foreign market!
if we keep going then we should be able to hit 4 next week. if they get international issues sorted  soon, then perhaps faster.
i could see weevil having fallen on hard times.
i sing along to 3.8. we can't stop here.
yay! it's always fun to see the numbers change. haha. i hope weevil has been keeping himself out of jail, but still getting in trouble. :) i could see veronica still turning to him for the shady stuff she wouldn't be able to do as a lawyer.
woohoo!  $3.8
i'm curious as to what weevil's been up to.
3.8!
and we've hit $3,800,000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wonder if someone posts something to twitter if we can get the next $10 in.
that's about 100k in 36 hours.  pretty good.
$10 away...
almost 3.8 mil!!!!!!!! c'mon!!!!!!!!!!
i'm pretty sure i sound like adam sandler playing a woman for the high notes.
@tiger - oookay... warn us when you feel like singing and we'll just run far far away before you kill us, then. :)
@tiger lol!!!
kaching
i also sing sometimes after i've already murdered everyone in the room.  but i'm more into the cool guitar riffs.
soooo close!!
come on 3.8!!!!!
i liked leo him and veronica would have made a good couple :)
... but  i haven't thought of you lately at all, ha i love it
sad at the baby crying, but ryan's reaction is cute!!! i love that he is excited!! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
singing on camera for the whole world to see?  no way.  people would probably pay me not to sing.  haha
@tim i tend to do the head nod in time to the song.  if i know i am alone and no one will hear me, then sometimes i will sing along.
i sing along to every opening.
haha, i only sing when i don't realize i'm singing. :) usually when i'm distracted doing something and then someone turns around and asks what the hell i'm singing.
@danielle and @marilia i don't even sing in the shower. i am very much not musical.
we are so close to 3.8. come on people, pledge!
@meredith - yes. unfortunately, i have no musical sense, so i don't even dare.
not really, i'm a bad singer and not musically talented, how about everyone else, sing outside the shower?
yes @marilia that would be disgusting if veronica and wallace got together ew. lol keep them very close friends and add mac to make it an awesome trio. :)
1160!!!!!
is anyone else surprised that there aren't more fan covers of we used to be friends up on youtube?
for me wallace is a little bit boring character: no drama or sarcastic sense of humour, just a good friend.
me too. i guess that keith and veronica bond was too special to penetrate, but she was a nice character. he was great opposite david spade if i remember correctly.
@tim - yes, i watched it. i was so excited when they reunited on vm.
not that it was in the running for best episode, but the big lebowski episode was like whoa. also, i like how keith mars is taken to see the big sleep at a noir festival by the married lady. remember just shoot me?
i just want to hear veronica use "sugar pants" in a sentence when talking to whoever her love interest is. favorite line in the show.
lol. i didn't mind him becoming a basketball star, but i did think he wasn't there so much around veronica... i don't think i'm making sense...
if you can shoot hoop, many of your other deficiencies are suddenly ignored. this is rt's sarcastic comment on how even though sports are awesome, the valuation of athletics over intelligence is shameful.
i didn't like it so much that it hurt my grammar.
i didn't like how wallace was the first to join veronica's band of misfits, and then suddenly he's suddenly he's a popular basketball star.
@tim - it was a shame they didn't find more for him to do
i don't care about who her boyfriend is, but i'd like to see wallace get more face time than he did in season 3. he's the man!! and it's more about sleuthing than love when he's around.
@tiger nightmare nothing is sacred.
i agree with marilia...it would be odd to see them in a romantic relationship.
what are friends for?
@jon - i had to go buy food. i got distracted by the counter and comments yesterday and the store closed. :)
i really don't think wallace and veronica would ever get together, they are too much like siblings in how they behave towards each other...
if by sacred you mean she flashed him to make him feel better than, yes, sacred.
i wish this website had a cash register sound if you wanted.
+$135
i'm with tigernightmare on that one.. that would way too weird!
it's nice to share my excitement about the movie here.  my husband doesn't quite understand my giddiness over it.  lol
eww, no.  that friendship is sacred.  he was the first friend she made after lily died.
damn 2,365... im must be getting sleepy
@tiger nightmare wallace is right for veronica when she's in her late 30's
woops forgot a digit! 3365
i think you mean 2,365.
365 to go for 3.8!
@adrianne  hahahaha  mine too ;)
holy shoulder pads, batman.
logan is kind of a buzzkill for a bad boy, he's all "i don't want you digging in the trash." wallace, on the other hand - always down.
@phil it's perfect that you are watching the counter while tending bar. i think rt would love it.
yes.....in 21 days the f5 button on my keyboard will get a break.
http://www.youtube.com/#/watch…
so i guess it's good there's an eventual end to the campaign or a few of us would develop some attention issues.
i quit leaving my laptop on the bar and checking totals... just too distracting while i'm trying to get people their beer.. that and noooobody has seen vm where i work. too into sons of anarchy or other things like that.
yes i got caught 3 times today checking, and commenting!   but i'm still here so :ppppppppp on them!!!
i'm the refreshernator.
@backupismydog  it is so addicting.  i have a habit of just leaving the page up on my screen and randomly refreshing every so often.
@adrianne. yep i check the counter throughout the day too.  it's addicting!
wow! what a push today!
so close to 3.8! way to go marshmallows!  keep the pledges coming!
@adrianne and @danielle - i give my coworkers and family updates whether they ask for them or not  ;)
awww this project has become a family event :) love it.
@danielle my family does the same thing.  they asked what the total is at just about every day.  lol
my co-work see me do it so often they started asking for up dates!!
wow...lots of comments.  good to know i'm not the only one who checks the counter about 1,000 times a day.
i absolutely love veronica and wallace relationship just the way it is. i'm re-watching the series right now and i just love their dynamic. they crack me up ^_^
@tiger i agree with that! lol
the only thing more wrong than wallace and veronica dating is keith and veronica dating.
oh yea! we'll be hitting 3.8 million soon! i think we can hit 5 million. :d
@fatima,  welcome to the movement!
i think it's moving faster because of this: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
wallace > logan
a little over 5500 to 3.8
backer from bahrain!  i am so excited for the movie to finally happen !! lets see dick be a dick, love, bffs reunite and most importantly father/daughter quality time.
@marilia, that's just cuz you 'n me 'n candice are here attracting all the cool people!
6,200 to go!
wow, it does seem to be going faster...
@jon yay, the rate is picking up.
@candice,   i dont see why not.. we just picked up another grand in the past 15 minutes!
i've got a very good feeling we will.
do you think we will get to 3.8 today?
8,365 to go before we hit 3.8!
@tracy  well i was born and raised in michigan so if you're ever out this way let me know!  i enjoyed london,  i did not enjoy driving though.  the cost of petrol over there is abhorrish! i did not enjoy paying 75 pounds for half a tankful!  then the congestion charge in london, and the ticket i got in ampthill!  i got wise and began "minding the gap" if you know what i mean!  i did visit greenwich, and i really wanted to see the enigma machine in  bletchley park when i was there but it was closed i did manage to see the some of the museums in london though and had a blast walking around leicester square!  played guitar with a couple of chaps from there for a couple hours!
jon i was born in east london, lived in ireland as a child then back to london for yonks before moving to the mid west eight years ago. so i consider myself london irish!  my friend alison now lives in shrewsbury as she has moved further north but it is all nice country up that way. we were in shakespeare country last summer and i loved it there much nicer than where we hail from!!!!
rob! try your hardest to get mr. teddy dunn back please!!! it just won't be the same without duncan kane! whoa, that rhymed.
@michelle  that was too funny,  i remember when my daughter was little she did something cute and we laughed really loud.. then she started crying.. guess we scared her with all the noise!
@tracy  i'll ask my sister if it is still there.  she lives in tattenhoe, milton keynes,  list time i went to see her,  her hubby picked me up in his rolls silver cloud... he used to be president of the rolls royce enthusiasts club.  that turned a few heads.  i had a blast when i was there, we had a few pints at a pub along a river and i got to work the locks for a boat that was coming down the river! lol  where are you from?
ahh bless michelle, that was adorable, thanks for sharing that, and now we know he wont be turning down that call!!
here also a video of  piz veronica dick & mercer (the rapist) dancing. lol   http://www.youtube.com/watch…
http://www.youtube.com/watch… ryan hansen response to hitting two million. cute video.
i know milton keynes i have a friend living near there, and many years ago i sa david bowie at the milton keynes bowl!!! not sure its even there anymore? we stopped in nashville on our way back from florida just for the night and ate at the hard rock, we may stop there again this year and try to spend a few more days there this time. your country is so vast we love to explore it now we seem to be here for the long run!
@tracy,  my sister lives in milton keynes about an hour out of london.  shes a pretty high up computer guru for a very large retail chain over there.  yeah nashville is great... its my second home really.  im sure your teens would be more excited about 2nd street and broadway where all the fun gets done in nashville!
love it jon, we were in bournemouth in england so i got to shop at my favourite high street store marks and spencers, it was a treat and lets just say himself has never forgotten the stuff again! we drove through nashville last year and i was just gaga over the parthenon replica in centennial park, my teenagers were less than impressed with my "gushing". and as for todays count, i am willing through that 4 mil before i hit the road in the morning!!!!
is the backer count rising faster than usual today? whatever everyone is doing to raise awareness is working.
@tracy  lol!  last year my sisters and i met up in nashville to celebrate our uncle bills 92'nd birthday.  she flew in from london and they lost her luggage.  i had to take her on an emergency shopping trip for clothes and the only thing we could find open at that hour was target.  it was hilarious because she's used to a lot higher end clothing and she couldnt find much.. but we were having a blast in the store.. everyone prolly thought we were drunk!
thanks jon, believe it or not once my husband missed my whole suitcase! cue shopping trip at destination, it was hard but i struggled through it!!!!! now i load up the car!
any truth to the rumor i just started that hall & oates will be featured on the soundtrack?
@tracy,  dont forget your shoes this time ;)
@lyz - lol great idea!! see you later!
ah wouldnt that be nice!!! have a great day and i really need to go pack for our family trip tomorrrow as thats why i have the time off and yet i havent started. i am such a slacker. what can i say, veronica mars is smarter than me!!!!
@lyz jusqu au revior!
@jon, marilia, tracy :  let's launch a kickstarter project to fund your trips and our meeting in paris. jon, thank you, i feel smarter now.  i've got to go and work on a translation i have to give back before monday, i'll be back, hoping to see 3,8m then!!
some updates would have been nice
@marilia @lyz  en espanol,  te extrano  (the n is a ny sound though)
french is a very pretty language,i like to listen to the eurovision entry for france cant understand more than a few words usually but its always nice to listen too!
@marilia, in french i miss you would litterally be said "tu me manques" 'note the change in subject) but a not frequently ( nowadays) used expression for the feeling you're talking about it would be "je me languis de toi3, but it's a bit poetic.
@jon - that sounds funny.
id love too, i have been to paris a few times and it is very pretty, it used to be just a train ride away straight into the gare du nord ,but now alas its a tad further!!!! i worked for alcatel in london many years ago and spoke a little french as well but im pretty rubbish now sadly! still have a real craving for those fresh pain au chocolat though.
@lyz @ marilia  german would be something like das mistschtuk is zuruck
@lyz - exactly, there's a lot of words and expressions that just don't translate the same way. one of the words that amazes me is "saudade" in portuguese, which has equivalents, but seemingly doesn't have a true translation. i think in french you say "je manque quelque chose..." and we also have a way of saying that we miss something, but saudade is a feeling. and you say you feel it about something, haha. i'm bad at even explaining it.
hey, tracy, cool!!! want to climb up the eiffel tower with us?
@tracy  thanks!
@lyz - my first thought for the bitch is back in portuguese has to be only brazilian portuguese. :) haha, oh well... word of warning for anyone studying portuguese in portugal and coming to brazil, do not use the word for girl, hehe. anyways, i guess it would be: "a puta voltou."
wow, we reached and got over3,78 m chatting about languages... lot less stressing than staring at the counter!  @marilia, yes, it's amazing. my mother used to call me with arabic terms of endearment, when i asked for a translation, she couldn't do it, she could only offer an approximative explanation. perhaps the roots of my interest in language lies here..
@lyz im not sure but it would be something like zhege mugao shi huilaile   im not so good with the "bad words"  although ive said a couple unintentionally over there  doh!
jon in irish hello is "dia dhuit" , but thats a little formal so most people just say "conas ata tu" which means how are you! please add that to your list if you havent already.
@wai-yin - thanks for posting it!
@lyz @jon - those are the basics, right? hello, how are you? = oi, como vai você?  we commonly say "everything okay?" as a greeting instead of how are you, haha, so: oi, tudo bom? thank you = obrigado (if you're a guy), or obrigada (if you're a girl) and you're welcome = de nada, which is actually closer to the french de rien. :) nada is nothing.
@jon, thanks. not to sound obsessive, lol, but what about "the bitch is back"? wai-yin? mandarin, cantonese? " "re-voilà la garce", not litteral, but a good french equivalent imo.
@wai-yin  thank you so much for the credit!
@lyz  that would almost the same.. ni hao ma? chinese is funny in that you cant tell if its a statement or a question until the very end.. they just "ma" to the end!
@wai-yin  xiexie ni,  wo shi meguo ren.  i dont know enough chinese to know the difference.. besides i travel between shangai, hunan and wuhan and i get confused over the differences in the dialect!  its funny nice to meet you!
of course, "how are you" is a must know!
@lyz,  hahaha and i always thought salut was for a toast! in chinese, [formal]   ni hao (sounds like knee how)  "hello" good morning [formal] zao shang hao  (zow shang how) good morning [familiar] zao an =)
@jon and @rob, i've added the transcripts for  march update  and kickstarter promo to the marsinvestigations.net kickstarter promo http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/pages/kickstarter_promo rob's update  http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/index.php/pages/march_2013_update thanks! @jon, wo shi zhongguo ren. however, i speak cantonese, not mandarin.
i keep on skipping letters, sorry!
@jon, marilia, when i was a young hopeless romantic girl, my thing use to be learning to say "i love you" in every language. now, hopeless romantic yet but much older and less sel-centered, i'd like to learn to say hello,thank you, and you're welcome.  marilia?
woops i meant that @marilia!  i goofed
@lyz  hahah the only portugeuse i know is "como vie" "how are you?" that would be a blast to go to paris though!
sorry, was talking about finding someone who speaks it - esperanto... at least where i live it is.
@jon : formal : bonjour  'during the day) ou bonsoir 'in the evening, though bonsoir can mean "bye" too when said before leaving. casual especially young people or with very close friends 3salut3. salut can mean bye too.
@lyz - it is amazing how some words have no translation, and you wind up having to try and explain it... esperanto is a tough one, haha
@lyz - i studied french several years ago, and what i did learn, i forgot because i didn't have a way of practicing as much as english. i'll email you when we get close to going to see if we can arrange to meet, it would be cool. @jon - wanna add portuguese? it's close enough to spanish :) - hello = oi/olá   ; good morning/afternoon/evening = bom dia / boa tarde / boa noite.
@jon, how lucky! i only speak french, english, italian (though i forgot a lot), and trying to learn  spanish and hebrew on my own. i'd love to speak every language there is, because the state of mind of each is so different, and each one can express in one word what a translatison needs ten words to. english, for example, is a very concise and pragmatic language and this reflects on the english-speaking writers and philosophs' way of thinking.... well, that's a high interest of mine, i'll rant about it for hours if nobody stops me, so i'll do it. stop myself. but... how do you say "the bitch is back" in chinese? german? esperanto anybody?
i love when she calls the judge to extort money
@ lyz  i have always wanted to know how to say hello in as many languages as possible!  its my thing!
@lyz,  that was chinese.. i am multi lingual, i speak english, spanish, german, and learning chinese because i travel there a lot..  im not fluent in any of them anymore (dont get to practice much).  i work with a frenchman, and he teaches me a lot.
@marilia, you speeak french too? yeah, my plan is working!!! maybe the first two levels of the tower are accessible, i'm not sure. however i'm sure the last one isn't because  there is some work done on it. i don't know until when, though, i'll come back to you about it. anyway if you come to paris and have got some time, sent me an e-mail at ly.z@laposte.net, i'll give you my cell number, we could meet if you'd like.
how will bell's pregnancy and impending motherhood affect the movie?
i love to eat. i am all over that.
oops, eiffel tower and french.  balabanto, you must be right, but i never went: it has to b more than expensive, at least far out of my price range. and, i know a lot of little "bistrots" where the menu is really tasty, and typically french. and, i love to cook and if my loved ones are to be trusted, i'm not bad at it. want any recipe?
@lyz - j'adore ta suggestion. :)
@lyz, wait... the eifel tower is not accessible? really? :( i'm going to paris with my parents in may and was looking forward to going up in the tower.
only 32 backers to 58000
the eiffel tower has a great restaurant in it.
jon, " je comprends", d+s mute. obviously you do. tell you what :  you'll come to paris, marilia too, we'll practice english, portugese,and ffench all together (and is that japanese you talked to wai-yin in?), and we'll be three crazy vm-fans shooting out "the bitch is back, marshmallows everywhere" in as many languages we can from the top of the eifel tower (which hopefully will be accessible again by then)!!
i like clever girl.
@tim - good description, haha
i was a bit busy with going through my "hippy phaze" when this show first aired. i bought season one last week with few expectations, mere curiosity factor due to the hoopla. within 15 seconds i heard la femme d'ardent and nearly fell out of my seat in a pseudo flashback trance. then i began to realize that this was a sexy female phillip marlowe living in a contemporary shakespearian, dazed and confused with uber hollywood money world.  finally i am able to place another on the same pedestal where i solely had the coen brothers. house of lies just isn't the same. kb is practically a god who somehow reminds me of every girl who got away or broke my heart only on a truckload of cuteness steroids. at first i was against the evolution of logan, although i quickly embraced it, but now i'm ready for anything! wallace is the man, though. lamb sucks!
@lyz  tu es si drole!  je comprende un peu de fracais... un tout petit peu
@jon, avec grand plaisir, quand tu veux... = jon, you're very welcome. anytime.
@lyz,  paris sounds wonderful!  merci beaucoup ma cherie!
duncan, i'm not your sister !!!
@marilia, well i know how expensive staying in france can be, especially paris, that's why i like and help foreigners here. my sons have a lot of friends from a lot of countries, and i'm happily used to it : with fancfiction, it's my first way to practice my english!
yes marilia the original battlestar was so cheesey and the hairstyles! but the new was was much darker and kind of bleak in parts, very well made and acted. i got to see where the original was made and saw the monkey inside the animal suit that was the doggy creature, yes i am that old, poor monkey must have been sweating in that suit. young me was not impressed!
46 backers away from 58,000
great! thanks for pointing the link, rob kirker. :) i was wondering if i'd heard correctly that ryan said the f- word.
oops, sorry rob kirker, my cursor keeps on changing spot, it shortened your name and i missed it in all my laughing! thank again
kirk, jon, marilia, thank you all. i was right, the half i missed is hilarious. i roflmao ten days late, but what a good laugh!!! stop tipping, still laughing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@marilia   ahhh!  gotcha!
@jon - blz = beleza (nice, cool, etc). :)
@marilia,  lol and here i was about to google that acronym!
@jon - sorry!! automatic typing response... that means cool. :)
@jon blz
@marilia @lyz  sure just let me know  shoot me an email
@lyz. no problem. i'm home sick today, so i'm not really doing anything important, haha. i'm at about 2 minutes, and so far i think i got most of it. if jon's kind enough, he can check what i've done later. :) very kind of you, lyz. :)  i know how hard it is to find stuff sometimes, so i'm glad if i can help.
wai-yin, did you see the transcript of the kickstarter video for deaf fans? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1va9nfudq16zl_dbrel5l6hcpvvfhxx_u3vbygdlg1lg/edit…
who is phillip marlowe and what does shakespearian mean??
@jon and marilia, yes it is. thanks. marilia, you're welcome to paris too, same offer as to jon. not to bribe you, to thank you for your kindness. yeah. offer still standing, but hopeless emotionnal one stopping it now.
if so, if i don't finish, i could pass it on to you if you wanna help, jon. just let me know.
@lyz, i know what you mean, i think the subs i got were horrible, so much stuff was wrong or missing...  @lyz @ jon - i was starting on the video thinguie on the site. but i haven't gotten far. is it that one you were talking about, lyz?
@lyz  gimme the link to that, i'll do it later when i finish work.
@tracy - soap operas in space makes me think of battlestar galactica... :)
@jon, wai-yin, thank you. jon, i meant the dialogue of the clip with kb, rh, jd, ec, and r.t. , though i understand it's a bit long to do...however  it's very nice to have the transcript of the r.t., thanks again. @marilia  i got a dubbed version on french tv and  subtibbed ones on internet. but subtittles being what they are, i had to go to the full transcripts to get all of the spice of the dialogues. it was a lot of work lol, but it was worth it!!!
tim i have never watched a soap opera, im more a sci fi fantasy kinda girl, but i can appreciate your sentiment, surely we can all get what we want from the film? clever plot, dialogue and a bit of sap for the old softies amongst us? my favourite show of all time is farcape which had everything above closely followed by veronica mars and firefly, so soap operas in space maybe?
@wai-yin - on behalf of those who missed the twitter chat: thanks!!
@ wai-yin  will do.   ni shi zhongguo ren ma?
added a transcript of rob and kristen's march 21 twitter chat to  marsinvestigations.net.  http://marsinvestigations.net/movie/tweets.php/tweets/topic/march_21_chat @jon, if you want, i can add the transcript to the promo to marsinvestigations.net so that anyone can access it. my email is questions@marsinvestigations.net
i agree with tim.  s1 is better than the other seasons for a reason. it was the most densely plotted, had a great hook, and it was never too soapy.  i get people love love, but let's hope that's not the focus of the new movie.  the mystery and great character interplay should be.
curious... i just found out there were no subtitled versions of veronica mars in portuguese. huh... i never noticed that. it was on either in the original or dubbed, never subbed. interesting. i'm trying to see if i can locate some brazilian fans out there... @lyz, did you get the episodes dubbed or subbed?
wallace is the man!
@jon, thanks again. if you ever come to paris, please feel free to contact me: i can offer you a roof  (that's what's most expensive eccept the flight cost) with a bed and a kitchen... and lots of smiles and  tips to see the "non turistic" ('is that english?) interesting things to see...
anytime :)
thanks, jon.
@marilia, on its way as well!
well, that's like your opinion, man.
@lyz, on its way!
@jon - thanks! if you could send it to my email: mariliabonelli@yahoo.com
@jon, thank you so much! i tried and put my own e-mail address in my profile here, but i didn't find how. so, here it is : ly.z@laposte.net
@marilia  @lyz   sure thing!  let know where to send them.
lyz, i went on youtube to see if i could find subtitles, haha. found hem in greek. i was thinking of doing subtitles for my friends. :) jon, if you have a transcript, could you send it to me as well, please?
i keep watching "show me the monkey" episode throughout the 6+ years (just watched it this morning) because i find it hilarious. such a brilliant episode.
@  marília i wrote what i wrote to get the exact reaction that i was looking for. the people working on getting international rewards fixed needs to see that there is tension building. if they do succeed i could easily see the donations doubling in a short period of time.
@tracy, i don't want the movie to cater too heavily to the fans who enjoy the show on the same level you enjoy a silly soap opera - pulling on the heart strings of all those ladies who foremost want to watch a romance with a bad boy who curls their toes. i think doing this degrades its real potential. i want it to be the shakespearian philip marlowe hybrid it deserves to be. that's why season one is better than season three.
@solene, thanks. i did pledge for more than 10$ to show my support, but i'm sure everybody will be very happy to see the counter rise  when the international issues are resolved, as i said before i will up my pledge if and when they do . but perhaps if the staff read a lot more comments from unhappy foreigners (thanks for the word, solène, it's the right one), they will speed the process! so don't be shy, foreigners marshmallows, comment and comment again!!
@lyz,  sure!  where to?
@stephen - i think it's natural for internationals to see a list of rewards for fans and think: i'd like that too. why not? why shouldn't we want the possibility? you make it seem like we're being whiny and unreasonable. if that is not what you meant, i apologize for my interpretation of it. and i'm sure we'll "somehow" see the movie as you pointed out, but if you stop to think about it, there's only one sure way for that to happen - or maybe that's what you mean by the somehow...   i agree with lyz. we are all just fans, no matter where we're from and what language we speak... we love veronica mars same as everybody else.
thanks, phil and well said lyz! we french people (and other foreigners) deserve the rewards just as much as american fans. i don't see why i'd pledge 50$ just for the movie to happen (since it's already a done deal), should i forget that i'm entitled to a t-shirt and a dvd? instead, i chose to donate 10$ and get the cheapest reward, which i also don't care much about. and i will buy the dvd when it comes out, so if i can't pay for it now, i will definitely do it later. but i won't throw my money away either, i don't have that much!
@phil, thank you. @jon, would you be kind enough to send little ole stranger me a transcript of the dialogue in the promo, the actors speak very fast and i don't get half of it, but the half i do get is so funny! i asked r.t. for english subtittles, but the answer was "not possible". so... please?
@tracy  lol, i have a few of them myself!  and a leather jacket from hard rock nashville.  i didn't think to get one from vegas when i was there in october :(
jon we just went there so my brother could get a hard rock tshirt he collects them. in four days we ate at three of them, it got a little old but the one in nyc was amazing to see. next week i am picking him a shirt up from myrtle beach but not sure if we will partake or not may try other food while we are there for my epic paddle. and boys! you cant kill off our logan you know we like his naughty ways wallace is adorable and we love him but for a lot of us it that damaged bad boy logan that curls our toes. i f my children see that last sentence they will smack me, again!!!!
@stephen : if you're tired of some comments, why don't skip them? i'm an "international", and i did pledge for more than the 10$ required to get the only reward available to me right now, because i do love the project. but for one, we strangers can hope and demonstrate to theptb we're waiting to be considered as  fans, full fans, as well as us citizens. perhaps coming here and comment on what we're feeling freely is just that : being just fans. feeling at home with other fans. and i'm sorry i can't really express thoroughly because english isn't my first language, but i'm not sorry to comment here about whatever i feel to, respectfully and considerately. perhaps we strangers find it all a bit unfair. and sure, your comment doesn't help
that is totally what i said tim!
this movie will be awesome if logan dies and wallace and veronica get romantic. #imnotyoursister.
tumblin tumbleweeds
and a pony.
@stephen i'm from fresno and thought that was a bit harsh... oh ok next foreign person to match your pledge, you just mail your rewards to.. problem solved!
i am getting tired of the international complaints. donate big because you love the show not because you must have the rewards. if you donate enough, it will make everything better. face it you will get to see the movie somehow. please stop commenting about it.
haha, unicorns... or baby sloths. :)
i'm in!  i'd say make it great, but hell, you're making it all, so woohoo!
@phil yeeeeaaahhhh a pony bringing the dvd to us internationals :d
@matthew... you really reach for the stars man... i dig it.
@phil, you mean a unicorn from unicornicopia
have a good day balabanto!  go off to slay the dragons!
can't help but feel a mild sense of relief that the project brought in more yesterday than it did the day before. it looks as if it might stabilize right around 30 grand a day... that'd be great... now if we could just get an international influx and i dunno... maybe oh maybe if we hit ten million we all get a pony!!!
wahh! 8 short. time to jump in the shower, throw on a suit, and go to work until 9 pm. olympus is fallen is tonight. will be back on the kickstarter wagon late.
@natalie,   you are so very welcome!  anytime you need something like that just email me.
@marilia  yes vmars fans are unlike any ive ever seen before!  they're very thorough! @tracy  hahaha that's funny.. i went to atlantic city with some friends.  it was very cold as well..  went for a walk on the boardwalk and we discovered these volleyball nets..   being the troopers we are my friend tracey had a bag that we stuffed with anything we could find.. . voila  instant volleyball!!!  errr  volleybag actually.. anyway we played several games.. everyone thought we were nuts!  but we had a blast!
@jon, thanks for the millionth time :) i swear, you're my savior! haha here's to hoping today will be the day rob is going to announce something for the movie!
@jon - i'm loving them, had to go to youtube to hear the whole songs. :) loved that someone posted where each song is from because i'm not really good with placing songs when i'm watching stuff.
jon i didnt say it was an interesting story! last october we stopped at atlantic city while driving up the coast and i just had to have a paddle as i now live in a landlocked state and my husband and brother thought i was nuts. i post the pic in defiance of their mockery and tomorrow we head back to the coast and i will paddle again   english style which means fully clothed in freezing cold water! and balabanto i want that 3.8 mil today as well!!
what went through my head when i was rewatching the pilot day before last:  "that's just too much bad luck for just one person..."
33 minutes, marilia. :) i'm going to be writing my own stuff for 15. will check back before i leave.
@balabanto - i guess it depends on what time you leave for work. ;)
@marillia  enjoy!  i think you'll like most of em if not all!
we will hit 3.8 today. this is fantastic. and 58,000 backers before i leave for work.
going over to amazon to listen to the samples. :)
it has some really great stuff on it!
@ jon - thanks. :) aw, soundtrack!! haha
i had a nice surprise waiting for me last night.. my vmars soundtrack cd came in the mail from amazon! < musically >....a long time ago... we used to be friends but i......< /musically >  =^)
@tracy,  i'm all ears! @marilia bonelli... good morning =)  i still love the sound of your name.. its rolls off the tongue so well!
@craig - i have trouble even finding the dvds in the stores where i live. i want to get the whole set, but they never seem to have them all in one go (and often have deals where you buy 1 get one free etc so i keep holding out for that). i can only imagine how hard it might be getting the frakking movie!! but i'll up my pledge if they sort out the international issues.
@craig - i'm still trying to figure out the pledge thing. they said in the faqs somewhere that you couldn't pledge more than $10 and have the stuff shipped to a us address, because of the credit card itself, but to me that doesn't make sense. did you encounter any problems when you placed your first pledge?
i've just dropped my pledge back to $10 since i'm outside the us and canada. i live the show and can't wait to see the movie but i'd rather keep the other $50 so i can buy the dvd when it hits the local shops. maybe even get the t-shirt one day.
bless you jon! theres a story about the feet pic and morning marilia!
good morning. :)
tap tap tap.. is this thing on??  awful quiet on here this morning!
@tracey  hahaha!  btw,  nice feet ;^)
glad i'm not the only one who has got my priorities right jon!
good morning everyone!  early morning meeting with china... check,  five cups of coffee.... check...  read the comments on the veronica mars movie project... check!   and a special shout out to @natey,   glad you enjoyed the transcript of robs update video!  anytime you need, just ask =)
@bryy - i think that the campaign has been very upfront about warner brother's involvement in the project.   the film is going to be produced only using the money raised on kickstarter.  warner brothers who owns the rights to veronica mars (and her universe) agreed to let rob thomas use veronica mars as long as he could demonstrate there was enough interest in the project - which in this case they set as a dollar amount raised ($2 mil) instead of numbers of backers.  some people have jumped to the conclusion that because the campaign has proven to be successful that warner brothers will just decide to match funds or something like that, but that is pure speculation (rob and company have never indicated that this will happen). warner brothers digital distribution has already agreed to be the domestic distributor of the film - which as @wdc said pays only for domestic distribution of the film and promotion.  the only other thing that warner brothers is involved in is that they set up the production account for the movie, which was probably done to simplify accounting or something along that line - doesn't mean that we are paying warner brothers or that they are chipping into production. in terms of stretch goals or reward tier, rob and company have said through twitter and article interviews that they do have those but that they are waiting to release those until they have the international distribution rights (which they probably couldn't negotiate until they knew that the project was a definite go).  we should probably be seeing some stretch goals, etc. pretty soon.  rob has also said that he didn't anticipate reaching the goal so quickly (i believe he said that he thought it would take 2 weeks) - so they probably have them scheduled for later in the campaign anyways. like i said - there is a lot of speculation/opinions out there right now which if you pay attention to it gets kinda confusing, but if you read the faq's, rob's twitter feed, and rob's interviews with the media a lot of things are cleared up.
is their a way to have a kickstarter exclusive signed (digital copied) thank you by the cast as an insert for the dvd & blu-ray cases
@bryy- wb is only going to help with distribution and promotion. production costs all depend on kickstarter donations. it was explained. so, the more raised, the better the production.
@lb, i know i'd feel a lot more comfortable if they were more clear. right now, people are most likely saying "hey, if the wb is doing this - "
if rob says "we can't shoot in southern california unless we get x", i think a lot of people might up their pledges.
@bryy - there are stretch goals, it could mean shooting in socal vs louisiana/etc., how big certain scenes can be, etc.
all right. it's not that complicated. it's the solution of cocaine and water that sherlock holmes uses. but that's not why duncan has epilepsy and lily is healthy. at least if you look at all the facts. there's only one explanation. and it's creepy as sin.
average 7 percent. :) which is also what?
finally, a rebound day on thursday, the first day that we've done better than the day before. if donations stay at $30k per day for the remaining 21 days, the fund would add another $630,000 and end up with $4.4 million. to get to $5 million, we need to average $58,450 for the remaining 21 days. these figures are from kicktraq: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-daily march 13:  $2,351,920 march 14: $881,346 march 15: $218, 948 march 16: $101,878 march 17: $65,874 march 18: $47,233 march 19: $39,057 march 20: $29,794 march 21: $32,984
i guess i'm getting a little jaded on this project. if the wb is going to fund it now (and you guys knew this ahead of time), and there are no stretch goals or a need for extra fundraising, then why were the tiers not capped? i'm not saying that this is a shady project by any means, buuuuuuuuuut (and this is not a "but this is a shady project") this seems like an awfully sloppy and disorganized campaign.
@balabanto i don't think that epilepsy is genetically dominant. genetics also isn't the only way to have seizures because it could be initially caused by head trauma. according to epilepsy.com the chance of a sibling also having epilepsy is between 4-10%
@emit duncan is less boring than you think he is. why does duncan kane have epilepsy? why is lily healthy? :)
so, the kanes invented youtube, right?
@balabanto i meant redeem his character from cardboard stiff boring-itis. duncan was a giant snoozefest, that one act at least made his character somewhat interesting. ;)
@jason in no way did that scene "redeem" duncan kane. that scene proved two things. 1) clarence is not loyal to jake or duncan. he is loyal to the kane family. 2) the kane family is kind of a crime family.
http://www.youtube.com/watch… (contains my favorite vm moment/smoulder.) crashing for the evening, kids. i'm here all week; try the veal. and, scene. xo
you girls will now totally pick up on that the next time you watch that episode. ;)
@jason that is an awesome fact!
@jason... very interesting trivia. :)
that scene was awesome for multiple reasons, one it redeemed duncan, but also there was an inside joke there as well. that episode, the finale of season 2, was the last episode of vm to air on upn as that summer they were merging with the wb to become the cw, when they shot the finale they still hadnt heard whether the show would be one of the ones selected to continue on the new network, so rob writes in the scene duncan talking on the phone to clarence wiedman where duncan having ordered the hit on aaron and asking if clarence had completed the task with the following exchange: duncan: "cw?" clarence: "it's a done deal" too bad that deal only lasted one year.
@lilly only her dad gets a free pass.
@emit that's kind of one sided. the entire point of veronica is that there's no forgiveness after you screw her over.
lol @balabanto maybe they've grown up since then lol
@mary madison......ew lol but that would be interesting seeing her at the nhsr.  @jason that was a surprise for me and i actually applauded him for that consideration he always idles by lol
that's why i feel veronica could never be with logan for any length of time. there is no privacy. ever. she will find out everything you do, and will make you pay for it.
duncan was redeemed as a man when he avenged his sisters murder (though i would have rather seen him do it with his own hands).
@meredith @lilly - i agree that piz and veronica never felt quite right; she's too independent for a puppy dog like him, but he is a sweet guy. she is best in her fiery, complicated relationship with logan. i still hate madison sinclair, but i would love to see her at the reunion.
posting the update video again. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i like duncan more than piz.
@mary yes, and i'm not even a fan of duncan like that he was weird lol. and  he might have been boring and a puppet but he had his moments and he wasn't a complete wuss. i just couldn't see veronica with piz like they just didn't  fit to me.
@lilly... you like duncan more than piz?(i can't stand duncan.)
@jason well said. i agree
@lilly it's the difference between a woman expecting and insisting her lover to live up to her standards, or inspiring him to be a better man, but still loving him for the man he is.
@metedith right? why lie? vm finds out everything lol
@jason true about veronica @michael that was a great moment between the two if them.
tbh i liked all the characters thats been on vm good or bad. they've all served a purpose and were well written.  the only one i just couldn't care about is piz lol.  i just couldn't, out of all of vm relationships he's the only one that i can't stand for some reason.
i do remember really liking the episode where veronica helps logan with the video tribute to lilly.
i re-watched all three seasons in 8 days. i would totally be down for an episode of the week. all of s1 and 2 are streaming free on thewb.com . @jason, i think that will be the hardes part of this movie. they need to have emotionally matured, but not be unrecognizable. logan's best bits are when he is sad and brooding.
disappointment is something no one wants to give to their significant other, and veronica disappoints easier than most.
@jason i get what you're saying and i agree to extent bc i think she took it to far sometimes. sometimes i felt like she didn't believe in him enough. i like that she pushed him bc logan wasn't all "that guy" and he didnt have to pretend to be "that guy" with veronica so she helped their bc duncan said to logan in s1 what happened to him he's slowly becoming a jackass meaning he wasn't always like that and lily's death/home life affected him but rob always showed glimpse of his compassion. and when he became involved with veronica you saw more of it.
but we all know our little spitfire has deep seeded trust issues, that hopefully she has (mostly) grown out of in the intervening 9 years.
@ jennifer welcome to the club! :) @ mary can i confess something?  i haven't seen an episode of vm since i lived in fl, which was more than 4 years ago!  i've always been a fan, though and jam to the soundtrack on occasion.  i'm moving back to fl super soon and i plan to get reacquainted with miss mars post haste!
maybe the season 1 finale for me.  it's been a long time since i've seen the show, though.
hopefully they can add another premiere and offer up some stretch goals (like socal shooting, etc.) on the main page for everyone to see and then the pledges will kick up again. otherwise it looks more like it is headed for $4mil than the $5mil total it really needs.
@jason, i think that logan wanted veronica to see him as his best possible self as well otherwise he would have been totally honest with her. that is something i could never understand. by season 3 why would anyone who knows veronica for any length of time bother to lie to her. she seems to find out everything anyway.
you guys have a favorite  episode? mine is debasement tapes (aka the one with paul rudd playing desmond fellows) favorite season? although i was hooked from the beginning and i love it all, season three was my favorite. that final scene in the cafeteria (not final scene of episode) with veronica, logan, and piz gets me every time.
*wasn't
@meredith although i'm not saying that makes her right, but it is understandable from her point of view. i do agree that she should have just let logan be logan, because that is one of the differences between adolescent relationships and grown up relationships, accepting and loving that person as they are.
@meredith i notice that too. she was a little to hard on him. he really was that bad if a guy just a little jackass sometimes but wasn't everyone a little but in a different way? everyone changed after lily's death and dealt with it in different ways. logan also had is moments of helping others more often then people would think since early in s1
@meredith i think thats because she wants to see the best in logan, and wants him to be his best, because she has those romantic feelings. its different with weevil because, although she cares about him, shes more accepting of his flaws because they dont affect her firsthand, he is a brotherly type rather than a lover who she might end up sharing her life with.
howdy all; just got home from vacation and while i donated early on i didn't realize there was a nifty convo going on! after reading some of the recent comments i feel like an oddball as i watched from the pilot on, and have recently gotten my teenage daughter addicted.
@kate you'll be missed, darlin'.
@brittney lol! ^_^
@lilly, i always thought that veronica was really hard on logan. he has gone through a lot too and she almost never takes it into consideration.  she is willing to talk about the socioeconomic conditions of being a criminal with weevil in s3, and they are close and amicable, but seems to think the reverse end of the spectrum, where logan is, is terrible.
i'll be back, marshmallows. :d
@ lilly i know what you mean :) i think that's why one of logan's famous quotes is "my day is complete. veronica mars has accused me of evil." <3
@kate bye :(
re-watching vm season 1 disk 3- noticing so far veronica  seems to always blame logan for anything bad that happens lol. and he is never the one to do it hahahaha. he called her out on that once lol. also the way the who's your daddy storyline is being played out it almost seemed like she was jk daughters
@kate: we'll miss you, too.
;)
@michael, i work at night. by the time i wake up it is noon pst. it is wishful thinking. @kate.  have a good hiatus from the comments thread!
so long.
@ kate goodbye!  and yes, you'll be missed.  :)
it took all of today to make $31,000 and you need another $31,000 to hit $3.8 million, so unless there's some late night spike, it'll still be a while.
goodbye my dear vm fans. i shall be gone the next few days. i'm sure you won't even notice. ;)
i think we might make that before i go to sleep.
we should have one day where we just spam veronica mars stuff over twitter/facebook. a lot of people still haven't heard about it (mainly google users).
@balabanto i posit that by the time i wake up in the  morning we are at 3.8. .
31,146 away from 3.8 million.
maybe twitter gave it a boost. :)
hey, kicktraq says we made more money than yesterday.
yeah wb says it's all from kickstarter. they're covering advertising and distribution costs
http://www.youtube.com/watch…     <---- just finding some funny vm clips out on the interwebs. i love this one. canada, eh?
if something nice comes up at the 2000 level, i'll up my pledge for that.
does anyone know if wb said that all the money for production had to come from kickstarter, or just that wb wouldn't contribute any money towards production?
if we guess this'll conservatively level out around 20k per day, i think we can def eke out 5 mil. the last 48 hours should explode. and hopefully they've got more tricks up their sleeves :d i'm hoping for little perks to get current backers to up their pledges, too (haven't pledged my max amount just in case).
ditto. :)
@michael: oh, i agree with you :) just counting my blessings that this thing actually is getting made!
the final push should leave us with at least 6.
@ michael southwick well, i only mentioned it because rt said $5 million puts him at a stress-free level to make the movie.  like, he could still make a movie for less than that and he'll do his best to make it as good as possible, but with at least $5 million he wouldn't have to make any sacrifices to get his vision on the screen.  right now, the kickstarter is projected to make slightly less than that (http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-exp-projection).  i'm sure if they get international worked out and add some stretch goals we'll see a nice bump  but if they don't, this project will be lucky to top out at $4.5 million.
@michael southwick - it would at least be entertaining. :)
@michael - i can't help feeling discouraged with the "trying to get more countries". i wish they'd just put me out of my misery and say which countries, but i'm pretty sure they're just looking towards the uk or maybe europe in general. oh well, 21 more days to keep hoping. :)
@chad explosion. never saw a body. i have my doubts.
i'm definitely all about getting these stretch goals and earning as much money as possible, but i think people might be getting a little too concerned about the $5mil rt was quoted at in that article. with the passion him and kristen have for this project, keeping it alive for all these years... i think he could shoot something in his back yard on a budget of $500 and it'd blow us away. so i'm not too worried. he'll deliver :)
reading through different comments here and elsewhere and tweets--- i'm surprised by how many people didn't catch that kendall was shot out in the desert in an incredible double-cross? charisma carpenter / kendall casablancas isn't coming back for the movie! hope we see some stretch goals/new top tier funding levels. not that i can afford them! but seeing this thing go higher is fun! maybe witness an early cut for 10,000? is veronica's old blackberry around in a box somewhere still? auction that off! =)
@michael. alex replied to me too. sounds like their top focus is sorting out intl backers and rewards. so don't lose hope yet all!
@candice a previous post mentioned that about 30% of what is raised goes to kickstarter related expenses (fees  and pledge fulfillment). if over 5million for a production budget is the goal then we could have to raise at least 7.5 million.
$5-6 mil seems a given at this point (more high-tier rewards and the final 48 hour push will see to that); but i'd like to see that boosted into the 8-10 range...
ask the internet and ye shall receive, cars/car companies with space names:  chevy nova chevy vega (named for the star) saturn line of cars (named for the planet) dodge ares (ares is greek for mars) ford galaxy ford taurus (named for the constellation) mercury line of cars (named for the planet) mitsubishi eclipse subaru (japanese for pleiades) nissan pulsar
i'm hoping for at least 7.5 million. after fees, i think it will probably be close to 5 million. i don't feel like doing the math.
@michael i just helped out my boyfriend and his brother on two successful kickstarter campaigns for decks of cards. it is an ordeal to say the least, but a rewarding one. i think if we get foreign then there will be another large wave of support. congrats on getting a personal response, btw! the downside to there being a rights holder is that there are zillions of official things that need to happen before  changes can be made. i just hope international gets worked out soon. whenever soon is.
we raised $32,785 in the last 24 hours!!!!!!! see how this compares to previous days by checking my previous posts. we're doing great, but we still need to get the word out! we can raise 6 million before the end of the campaign if we keep it in the spotlight!
2011 isn't that old. i can see car rental agencies still having some around.
@ michael southwick yeah, i just wish we had specifics or a timeline or something.  three weeks left!  if they wait too much longer i think interest may wane.
@tiger nightmare: i don't want to know what goes on in pontiac's anus.
@ other michael: awesome to hear something about that, i asked similar questions as i've been eagerly waiting to hear about stretch goals!
maybe they'll make a pontiac uranus by 2015.
@meredity unfortunately, no, they stopped building them in 2011.  they replaced it with the lincoln mkz.
@candice i just googled them. they seem to still be around.
@ meredith, ha ha.  that's cute. i got a response from my adding stretch goals question: "my name is alex mercer, i worked on the show, and am working with rob on the film. thanks for your generous support, and your goal ideas. we're going to add more. we're trying to get more foreign countries to be able to participate, as well." so... it's in the works?  *shrug*
@meredith does mercury still exist?
@candice  oh. mercury. are they still around?
mercury?
@candice i can't think of another car company with planet names. i have now actively started thinking about it though.
saturn is out of business. they could use another gm car company.
@brittney  i knew about vmars from the beginning. i didn't watch it, because it was a high school drama. i was in my senior year of high school and had enough drama. i got bored one summer in college and watched it. it was a year or so after it got canceled.  i'm grateful i gave in and watch. last year, i got my to start watching it on soapnet.  i think she is more excited about the movie than i am.
@venus razors in s3. veronica is shaving her legs in the sink and mac makes a comment about mars using a venus.   mac: ''miss mars uses venus razor.''  veronica: ''because if she doesn't, her legs look like pluto's.''  mac: ''and she's down to earth to boot.''
@tiger nightmare well...no.
wait wait wait.  venus razors was in the show?  there was a leg shaving scene i don't remember?  that doesn't sound right.
i don't think they make saturn cars anymore.
@ magan, i agree that i think most of the show's following was generated after it went off the air. i think i first discovered it when the middle of s3 was airing on tv. and it wasn't even that i stumbled upon it on tv (was barely even aware it was a show) but a coworker at my full time job also worked part time at a video store and just happened to pick up the dvds to s1. she was soon going on and on about how awesome the show was, so i gave it a shot and was hooked episode one. i quickly ran through s1 and s2 and waited patiently for a few months to buy s3 on dvd when it was first released. after that i dragged my older sister into it and then my parents and cousin, etc...and now they are fierce fans as well (but of course) i was 22 at the time i started to watch and have always stressed to 20 and 30-somethings (and older!) that just because it has a "high school" setting does not mean it is juvenile!
@michael, audiences also tier out into levels of involvement.  thus far, in all my digging, i cannot find any evidence of what that breakdown of tiers is for veronica mars, as most networks do not study this. marsinvestigations.net cites $5000 in 4 days being raised by fans for look to the skies as being impressive.  i would assume action for this would be larger than any of the campaigns when the show was on the air, but no where near the network viewing audience size. i don't think that number of backers per say is the point though. i think that this being a measure of audience depth rather than breadth might just be the point.  wb wanted to see if the audience was there. the audience that is here and continues to show up really wants this. i think that passion translating into production is a sign of the breakdown of broadcasting and wb is stepping into experimental waters to find us. i agree that the project being funded is a deterrent from the pace of money flowing in, but most projects slow in the middle weeks, unless the ecosystem changes. this also has a certain novelty for the kickstarter community. the person who bought the $10,000 spot describes himself as a kickstarter fan who likes veronica mars rather than the other way around.  the novelty from the kickstarter front might not be something other campaigns could capture. this isn't to say i think we are good where we are. i want to raise as much money for production as possible. i would love to know how to motivate more people into contributing. i think if wb put up season 3 online that might help. i think that it wouldn't be totally wrong for apple or saturn or venus razors to show up again, as they did in the series. i want this movie to have a great shot at success and re-launching the franchise.
they should make another allusion to the big lebowski and/or the big sleep in this motion picture
@magan - international transmission back then was only about a season off or so. i don't remember specifically, but it was longer than nowadays which for some shows is about a month behind. :)
just a thought: if 3 million actually tuned in when the show was airing, i wonder how many fans have been created since?  most of my fellow fans here in phoenix discovered it via netflix, but wouldn't have been included in the original "ratings" base.  it seems much of the show's following was generated after it went off air (look at the large number of international backers, for instance).  hmm.  too bad there's no way to know
@michelle - i'd forgotten about that! i don't remember either. i just started rewatching yesterday. haven't seen it since it was on tv. :)
please tell me someone else noticed the "mars investigations" script in the pile of scripts being conisdered by j goodman, b afleck and a arkin in the movie argo!  it was the third or fourth down in a pile of scripts, a very quick shot in that scene.  i am hoping it is a fabulous (and prophetic) inside joke, but it could also be my mind playing tricks on me.  only noticed it on my third viewing of the movie and it was after all of this kickstarter stuff started...
@ marilia it was on purpose. logan's house burned down, he borrowed the shirt from duncan and piz had his stuff stolen so veronica took some clothes from logan. also what episode is #20 from? the sexy teamwork. i can't remember.
@michael has there been any word as to why the goal was set at 2 rather than 4 million, aside from that was the cost to make hit and run?
@michael - we need to remind people we need it if there will be any smoldering in space... :p
@ meredith, i believe the response was high enough that the kickstarter could have hit $4 million within a week if that was the original goal.  the show had 2.5 million viewers in the usa and there's only been 58,000 backers so far.  i think the if the demand is there, everyone doesn't need to fund every type of project.  others will step in.  i'm sure there are more vm fans now that would contribute but as the project is technically "successfully funded" they don't see the big need to.
@meredith - thanks for the link. while there, got sidetracked by this list of things that should be in the movie... http://www.buzzfeed.com/kmallikarjuna/things-that-must-be-in-the-veronica-mars-movie number 17, lol, the wardrobe department got a bit confused? or recycling?
@tigernightmare, ah, yes. the traffic is stuff of legend.
@michael, i can see how this can be duplicated, but only in a few scenarios, largely spread out over time.  i could afford and support maybe one or two a year, and shift my media budget, but there are only a few properties that can afford to be made on a budget this small.
i visited l.a. about 6 years ago and really liked it.  i've been wanting to go back, but i'm an east coaster so it's hard.
@meredith i actually never left.  i've been stuck in traffic ever since.  i just passed a sign that says disneyland on it.  not a billboard.  a green interstate highway sign with white reflective lettering and night lighting that says disneyland on it.
@ rob just go to twitter and look at the tweets from @imkristenbell and @robthomas.  they haven't posted but a couple of things since the chat so it's easy to see all of their responses right now.
@ meredith thanks for the link.  interesting.  i don't know that this project is a fluke, as i believe any cult property has the potential for a similar response from its fans.  but it is useful to see where the pledges are coming from at least.  a huge concentration between california, nyc, chicago, and seattle.  so yeah, i'm sure the movie will be somewhat easy to find in those areas.  if it doesn't light up the box office, the rest of us may have to settle for the digital download and dvd.
@tigernightmare the 5 and los angeles are very different places. los angeles and other parts of los angeles are very different places. it is really just a bunch of interconnected neighborhoods, not an actual city like new york or san fran.
where can i go to get a list of all the rt and kb responses? do i have to slog through twitter? :p
i'm from new jersey.
it's really slowing down.  i was sure we'd hit $4 million by friday or saturday, but now it looks like it could be sometime next week.  unless there's some spike towards the end, i don't think rt is going to get his happy number ($5 million).  stretch goals!!!  and work out that international stuff too! :)
sorry, i got my numbers wrong. it is highest % of donations, not donors.
@michelle according to buzzfeed the highest % of donors for this campaign (in the first 35,000) come from la. they did some great stats about the campaign if anyone is interested in who the rest of us are. http://www.buzzfeed.com/kdries/why-the-veronica-mars-kickstarter-is-a-fluke
the last time i went to la, i was just driving through on highway 5.  and i hated it.
meredith - i live in la too!
@meredith thank you! :)
$3,763,000!
@kate congrats on the question getting answered this morning! i work at night, so i set an alarm so that i wouldn't miss the tweeting at 11am.  i think my questions were a bit too industrial in nature . i would love to go with a group to one of the los angeles screenings.
@ michael do eet now
@steven ehrbar that is why i said except california and texas for short drives.
should we commission "veronica lives" t-shirts? :)
i want to see them make more allusions to the big lebowski and/or the big sleep! hot dog!!
@stephen rodriguez - yeah, sure, there'll be a lot of screens in texas . . . but texas is big.  if no theater in el paso/las cruces has it (and they're small enough to not be a lock), well, the drive to albuquerque or tuscon are 4-hour killers, and still closer than any probable other texas location (san antonio, 8 hours).
one of the other stand out moments for me is when he thinks he's so "hot" for making that ridiculous music video (it's a music video right? lol haven't seen vm in quite awhile!) and the guy runs over his foot.....with a vehicle. that moment made my life because i was like. who runs over their own foot with a car...becaus ethey're so busy trying to make themselves cool in a cheesy music video. oh wait. dick casblancas would. yes, that boy would.
thanks :) haha i know i was obsessed with wanting to get a t-shirt that said this. i loooooved dick on the show. i honestly don't know that anyone could have made him who he is except for ryan hansen. and i was thrilled when he got more and more screentime as the seasons progressed. he can do one liners like nobodies business!! still one of my all time favorite convos from him: ms. dumbass! it's dumas, dick. well, my name is pronounced richarde best smartass ever!
@mansah - thanks for posting. i hope they keep posting stuff for the duration of the campaign. looking forward to seeing the t-shirt... even if i'll be sad i can't get one. :)
@brittney nope was just a way for the fans to get more involved with kristen and rob.
@brittany your logo is hilarious.
what was that whole twitter thing supposed to be about? any important pieces of info that came out of it?
@balabanto lol if there is any chance of a sequel, veronica is gonna live.
this has probably been posted already, but too tired to check through all posts... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@kate they could put a statue of her in front of the neptune courthouse and it would count. rt is trustworthy, but also very smart, and he gives little clues that seem like one thing but mean another.
exactly! lol
hey guys, we made a movie just so we could kill off veronica. bet you wish you had that vague season 3 ending now, huh???
@stephen - and it would probably make 99% of the fans hate it, hahaha.
@michelle that is so cute. :)
i just realize i have pen that says: i love you beary much! i evidently went to the fair with logan. :)
i don't want a movie. i want a television movie event. one show, three nights.
@ kate if they did kill her it would end any chance of future work. bad business plan.
@balabanto rt promised that veronica survives the movie.
@ balabanto i am getting a band perry vibe here
@kate dig two graves. :)
@amber thank you! :) @jason what happens with love, happens. i'm not going to waste a question trying to get details that will only be revealed in the movie. :)
@kate i just saw that you got your question answered, congrats! although i must admit i would have bet the farm on you going specifically with a love question. :p
@stephen you'll take what i give you, and like it.  :p
@ jason i will allow it
for me its kind of reached goal at $3,755,099 ...
they*
the should do a veronica mars trilogy if the first movie is successful.
@stephen how about we alternate, party down, vm2, pd2, vm3, etc, etc
@jason false it must be vm 2 movie
ok i just finished party down, rob your first post vm movie project must be a party down movie, just sayin'.
any news for us poor european backers?
@lilly - real life altering the creation, haha. i'm glad they went that way. i love love! :p
@lilly. thanks for sharing that. i had trouble following the live chat. twitter is exhausting.
did they mention where they thought theatrical showings would take place? i'm really hoping for birmingham (doubtful) or atlanta..
i feel like we would be getting more money to back this project if more larger rewards were released?  for anyone who caught the twitter session: did rt answer if there would be anymore larger rewards released before this kickstarter project is over?
i'm late, but congratulations @kate! :) i tried tweeting two different things but i'm pretty sure they totally went to the wrong place, lol.  hope they do another chat again soon! i can refine my twitter skills in the meantime..
sorry but i have to post this :d team love "@kristina47: @robthomas were logan& v always going to end up together or did @imkristenbell & jason's chemistry determine that choice? #veronicamarsmovie" "@robthomas: .@kristina47 @imkristenbell never sposed to be together. decision made because of chemistry. those were our fave scenes." haha either have chemistry or you don't, and they definitely did ;)
i already got my dad convinced about going to cardiff to see "where the rift is" near "torchwood", haha, and also to do one of those unofficial tours. i'm now working on convincing him to go to the exhibition.   i'm starting my doctorate, and they let us take up to a year off to visit another university, and there's a professor at ohio that i've been talking to, so fingers crossed. :) thanks!
i love doctor who a couple of years ago we went to the exhibition in london before it moved to cardiff it was brilliant! doctor who is mostly filmed in wales and some of the locations are in a village where my friends mum lives! ou is great my daughter looked there and was offered a place on their journalism programme. the campus is really nice right on the southern border in athens, ohio and it has some great courses loads of kids from our high school go there and do really well. good luck!
tracy, i hope the dvds are region-friendly, don't know what they'd have to do to get that. :) i remember that here veronica mars was on tnt, which is affiliated with the warner channel, which says is the wb now, but still calls itself warner, so i don't know how that mess got sorted down here...  haha, coincidence... i'm trying to arrange a visit to ohio university. :) and i'm going to see london later this year with my parents. but i'm the weird tourist who wants to go to the doctor who locations. :)
i love it kate but it is overcrowded and overpriced as a place to live and we have a nice life here so no complaints. plus no mountains! ive only been to salt lake once and it was very clean and rather nice and my daughter loves hiking all those mountains.
i'm hoping for new orleans or atlanta.
i've always wanted to go to london.....
i agree, marilia i live in one of the so called "flyover" states, ohio thats only really remembered at election time or as a place where victims come from in tv shows! a big change from where i grew up in london!!! we may not even get the film here although i would love to see it on the big screen too. guess we will have to wait and see and keep our fingers crossed. and a big amen for region free players  where would we be without them?
ca, tx, and ny will most definitely have screenings all over.  i'd probably throw cities like tampa, miami, kansas city, chicago, seattle, denver, philadelphia, and atlanta too.  hopefully it does well enough to spread further.
@tracy good point!!!! you never know. :)
tracy, i spent a year in the us when i was little, and thankfully tv does have its purpose in not letting me forget the language. :)  i have no idea what dvd region brazil is in, either, but all the dvds i bought from amazon.com played on our dvd player back home, including the babylon 5 set which specifically stated it was not for our region. maybe our player isn't picky. :) i would really love to see this movie in a theater, though.
one of the best improvements from dvd to blu-ray is how most releases have no region locking on them.  it varies wildly depending on the studio and some can be inconsistent.  my firefly bd has the a and b region logos on it, but serenity (which i think was released earlier than the hd firefly set) has no region locking.  i checked some wb ones (the dark knight, the dark knight rises, full metal jacket) and none of them have region locking on them.  so you can import if this inexplicably becomes an issue.
kate maybe it will go to sundance! my daughter is at school in provo and i got her some tickets for last years festival which she loved!
salt lake city...... pretty please.....
my release list projections: we can almost guarantee texas, california, and new york will have the largest concentration of theaters. the other 45 main states will likely have at least one theater in each capital. based on that excluding texas and california, people should easily be able to drive no more than a couple hours.
@ tracy, there should be an international video release (i hope!), but theatrical poses its own challenges.
so next time my mum asks me why i moved to america michael can i say veronica mars made me do it? i really love this show and want to see the film and am so happy that for once i am in the right place at the right time, but am sad for those outside the country. i really want them to see it as well and am sure it will happen somehow.
unless there is a huge response in the usa (and maybe canada), i don't foresee a theatrical release in other territories.  there's added expense to get movies approved by other countries and then processed through the proper distribution channels.  if the domestic release yields a small return, wb will likely not find it worth it to expand it elsewhere.
hopefully the dvd will get a general release and it will be available all over. ive always had a multi region player so i could buy american dvds from the uk and now uk dvds from here. not sure what region brazil is in but your english is amazing so the language barrier does not seem to be a problem for you?
i'm hoping for something international in general, tracy. if they go by country, i'm afraid i've only counted a couple other brazilians here in the comments, so that doesn't bode  well for us. :)  as for the movie itself, i have no illusions about how i'll be watching. ;)
i am dragging anyone who likes me enough to the movie. if it's playing in salt lake.
i know there has been some concern that people who pledge here won't go see the movie when it comes out, but there is no chance that i will miss the opportunity to see this on the big screen!
my question got passed up.  i asked if the working title was just "veronica mars" or something else.  i kinda like the ring of "the return of veronica mars".
marilla, as someone who used to live in england, i know how frustrating it can be waiting around for stuff to arrive from this side of the pond, so i have everything crossed for the international shipping problem to be resolvea and will be celebrating with everyone else when it happens.
@michael - please let us know. i think it would get some more pledges. and i'm still hoping for something on the international front... or an explanation about what they said about the credit cards..
@ jim - it would be cool seeing gia again
@lyz lol!! ^_^
@michael : good idea, i did get an answer to mine, though not from him, from someone else on his behalf.
@valeria.  i think she wouldn't at first but would at some point during the case.
@ valeria, well, veronica must perform due diligence and rule him out first.  :)
if veronica investigates the logan's girlfriend murder, i hope, she wouldn't suspect him, as she used to.
@ lilly, realistic hopeless romantic, i like that. wel,l i did mean epic like odysseus epic in my last comment, bloodshed and all. but i do agree with your vision of it, i've seen it too, in rl,  not only in harry meets sally!
btw, i sent a message to rt via the question button on the main page regarding clearly defined stretch goals to try to rev up pledges again.  i'll let you know if i get a response.
it'd be funny if logan's girlfriend looked like veronica but was the total opposite personality-wise.  logan would purposely try to pick a fight with her and get mad because she gives in too quickly.  heh heh.
@lyz jason dohring has two brothers. :) i'm....totally kidding..... *ahem*
i'm just glad it sounded like rob has asked krysten ritter to come back. gia goodman is my absolute fave neptuner. except for meg's sister, obviously.
@ tracy - depends on how much she looked like veronica. :) there's passing resemblance, and then there's creepy.
@kate or prove how creepy he is lolol ^_^
ha ha ! she would be so freaked out but maybe a little flattered, in real life you would probably head for the hills!
@ kate: keep hope, young grasshopper: another smoldering handful you will meet, and banned forever  boredom will be!
@valeria because it would prove he has never gotten over her. :)
@lilly - well said. :)
i think i'm a realistic hopeless romantic lolol ^_^
@lyz it depends on your definition of epic. if you're thinking out of the world type stuff then that is rare but simple being in love with someone and something keeping you guys apart at them moment, rather its the timing, the age, careers etc then finding your way back to each other after so many yrs is more common then you think. how many people date friends they've known for years after witnessing each other in relationships & break ups? people who run into an old ex after so many yrs or people who have grown and found they're way back to each other? ive seen a lot of people who only known each other for weeks or 3 months or less that have made it to 16+ yrs and some people who have not. its all about the people not how long they have or have not been together or a part.  i'm always 50/50 bc i know that stuff exist and at the sametime i know it doesn't always work out. but that's the beauty in movies it shows you things that you would think was impossible even if its not. :d
@valeria, speaking about nine years being a long time for a rebound... works for parker imo... @kate, o rmaybe she is very different from veronica, logan is no duncan thanks tptb...
@ kate why do you want her look like veronica?
@kate - thanks. i saw below you got your tweet answered. :) great question!
@marilia not too much we don't already know.
@lyz i believe it. i don't need as much drama as v, but in most of my relationships i have been bored to death (i'm kind of a handful.  lol)
aw, sad i missed the twitter "chat"... i rushed home, but the bus was not helpful... :( did anything interesting come up?
@valeria i seriously doubt it, as rt said logan's girlfriend (who supposedly gets murdered) is a famous pop singer. please lord, let her look like veronica.
@ kate : you'll have it, though in real life, too much epic can be hard...
no problem with that. and as for logan as soon as i saw him again he made me smile with he charm and cheekyness so i can buy still holding a torch for him after nine years in tv land. there are a couple of tv characters that still have my attention years down the road!
@kate  i agree with you about piz, but what about parker, is she logan's girlfriend?)
i think lilly might be on to something. piz might have stayed in neptune after college. i didn't even think of that.
@lyz @kate yes, good epic love story i'm all about those. hahaha :)
@candice. perfect! i was hoping for more kickstarter updates. we are all in but still...
@lyz right you are. i'm hoping for my own epic story someday.
your're not obsessive, you just love a good epic love story. i'm not a hopeless romantic. i just love a good epic love story.
@tracy thanks, but there's a pretty good chance i'm going to be "enthusiastic" until 2014. :d
maybe piz is the dj hired for the reunion.
@lyz i 2nd that motion lolol
kate here it's called enthusiasm. you carry on love we are all a tad excited at the moment!
@lyz @lilly we are on the same page, i believe. :d
i'm glad wallace and veronica are still close and i'm guessing her and mac are still close too :)
@ kate: nine years are a long time for a rebound guy. yet it's enough time for a rekind ling  with your grown up, redeemed, yet sexy, snarky and smoldering epic love! ha!
@kate that was a great question you asked. :)
@kate that's what ive been saying from the moment piz was rumored to be in the movie. i just don't see how he is relevant to this plot unless he's with veronica. but that's unlikely, maybe he just stayed in neptune after graduation lol
also if i'm annoying anybody with my obsessiveness, let me know, i might not care but i will consider reigning it in. :d
@lyz i agree. still dating the guy from college nine years later? that's not very veronica. then again, getting back together with your high school squeeze? totally acceptable. :d
@kate , if so, lets hope he won't
$3.75 million!!! yay marshmallow coffers!!
if piz is in the movie, it would only make sense if he were her boyfriend.
so rob has a outline if the movie and ha already written the first 49 pages. veronica will open up the movie with a boyfriend but the events that wi take place will be rough on her love life.  what logan has been up to for the past yrs will be a surprise, duncan & clearance rt said they both went scott free. like woody allen's crime and misdemeanors. but theirs zero chance of seeing the baby and unknown odds on duncan. wallace and veronica are still very close and he wants all the original cast back. he didnt answer anything about piz
@ beth, yeah, that's a stretch goal i can get behind! @kate touché. :)
@tracy no problemo, anybody who doesn't do the twitter bit, next time they announce a chat just post some questions here, me and the other twitter mates will be happy to type em in! not all questions get answers, but some do!!! :)
@michael  i will up my pledge for a sloth scene! i wish kb had answered that one lol
@michael second one? not a question. ;)
i never did finish the third season. netflix took the series off instant watch before i could finish. i should definitely get around to that before the movie's released. hell, should rewatch the first two amazing seasons, too. ...i should probably also find time to rewatch arrested development before the new season is released. >.>
yes please kate, i managed to read them but i wasnt really sure how to post the bloody things!!! yep im the one who is rubbish with computers!!!
my questions for those curious: michael arnold ‏@roguescribner @robthomas have you considered listing stretch goals on ks to drive pledges? cameos, locations, dandywarhols, etc. #veronicamarsmovie michael arnold ‏@roguescribner @robthomas @imkristenbell  a stretch goal could be to include a sloth scene in the movie! :) #veronicamarsmovie
next time let's compile a list of questions and we can all ask as a team and get them answered!!! :d
i hope all of the people on twitter chat are giving!!! the more money that is raised here, the better movie!
yeah, they'll do another one though
yeah, kb just signed off too.  oh well.  it was fun while it lasted...
crap, i think the chat is ending.  rt just said, "thanks, this was fun!"
most of the questions are like, "will so and so be back?" i want to know more about the acting and playing the characters, the movie details are pretty much all online right now, at least the stuff rt is willing to disclose.
per rt, "she will open the movie with a boyfriend. what happens in the movie will be rough on her love life."
@kate yay!
good on kate!  now let's see if any of my questions get answered... :-p
thank you! i'm so freaking excited...... celebrity moment.
@ kate - i saw that, congrats! :)
i read your question kate and thought it was a brilliant one! well done for asking and getting it answered!!!
hs reunion is "middle of movie" set piece, per rt.
@kate that's awesome!!!
what was the most emotional scene for you? (pilot, when she finds out she's been raped)
@kate. nice!  which one?
kb says she drew upon nancy drew and veronica from heathers as inspiration for veronica mars. :)
kristen bell answered my tweet. life made!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@lyz : ok merci. @michael : thanks.
@ lana nudity and car chases are always welcome... ;)
rt has written a dax cameo in the movie.
i could only give a dollar but i am going to get my friends to donate to... for nudity and car chases.
per rt, no flashbacks to teen days.  story is outlined and 40 pages have been written already.
oops, , une solution.... mais
@ magali, right now physical rewards cannot be shipped internationally.  they are working on it.
@magali : oui, pour l'instant. rob thomas et son équipe travaillent à trouver un solution pour ouvrir à l'international, maus ça n'est pas encore fait.
the twitter chat is blowing up.  they won't be able to answer everything.  ha ha!
@jon @michael thanks guys, i made it just in time!!
hi i'm french does the "available to us and canada (new!) backers only" means i can't have the t-shirt?
@ jon, yes i would love that? my email is nateyisafoodie@gmail.com :) and michael, thank you very much. i appreciate your help!
2 min!!!
@ natalie, in the video rt says that we've raised $3.7 million so far and the movie starts shooting in june and that he loves us all very much.  he also encourages people to follow him and kristen bell on twitter and visit their official youtube channel at youtube.com/veronicamarsmovie.  instagram: @veronicamarsmovie.  he also says within 10 days they'll be able to show us what the t-shirt will look like available for kickstarters only.  then he thanks everyone again.
@natalie,  certainly! i haven't had a chance to watch it yet.  would you like me to send you a transcript of it later?  if so how do i get it to you?
thanks, @michael! :) soooooo excited! i have my tweet nice and ready. it took me approximately twenty minutes to figure out how to do it.  stupid character limit!
6 minutes to the twitter chat
@tigernightmare costs of operating are completely different. california has a high cost of living.
hi backers! i have a slight problem with rob thomas's recent youtube video about the update. um, it's not captioned and i'm deaf. i was wondering if anyone would like to explain it for me? thanks in advance, natey
@ amber, you are correct. :)
and hey -- just for confirmation -- 11 pt is 1:00 central time.. right?
i literally just created a twitter account so that i could say hi to rob and kristen later this afternoon. ...#obsessed (that's how you do it, right? lots of number signs?) sooo i'm finally in.  excited for updates! :)
@kate i will make sure that you say hi to them :)
@michael, i would love for rt to post some stretch goals. things have really slowed down!! i think stretch goals would help. i think more kickstarter updates would be nice too. i know he tweets updates, but i rarely check twitter.
i bet there are some fans out there who would be happy to lend their services to help with production costs.  what about using some fans homes/stores/places of business for shooting locations to help with costs?  i am sure a lot of fans would be willing to do it for free just to be able to say they were a part of it and "that is my house"...etc.
@ kate, that sucks.  want me to ask a question for you?
i was so excited to be in on the chat, but they're sending me to a hearing. :'(
i"m not sure if these have been posted, but here are links for following the twitter chat: https://twitter.com/robthomas https://twitter.com/imkristenbell you don't have to be "on twitter" to follow the conversion, although you do need a twitter account to contribute to the conversation.
dey tookar jrbs!
i think, if i'm able to join the chat, i'll ask about clearly defined stretch goals.  other than opening up to international rewards (i think they can still pledge, just not receive any goodies), if we had some idea on what $4 million would do vs $5 million vs $6 million people would be more inclined to pledge.  as it stands now, the movie is a go, and we've almost raised twice what was asked for.  i have no doubt that a lot of people don't feel the need to contribute anymore unless they specifically want an available reward.
just a reminder for everyone: rob thomas ‏@robthomas only a couple hours until our live twitter chat- join @imkristenbell & me @ 11am pt using hashtag #veronicamarsmovie.
reading this now. http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/the_hollywood_economist/2006/02/northern_expenditure.html…
really?  i thought there was so much filming in vancouver because it costs so much less to shoot there.  taxes or something?  general costs?
i think it's about licensing, not about travel costs.
yeah, it's probably easier to make places look like generic california than it is the other way around.  but it's still an inferior way of doing things.  i'd think it would cut down on travel costs if they filmed close to where the cast lives.
it is possible to make anything look like california if you know what you're doing.
oh i hope they can film in california. it just won't be the same.
knowing there will be a veronica mars movie makes even my worst days better. i can think of that and it makes me a little happier when i'm down and out.
i hope we get at least 5 million. i want the movie to be made just right with the right feel.  http://insidemovies.ew.com/2013/03/21/veronica-mars-movie-rob-thomas/
thank you rob thomas for that video. it was super sweet. p.s. snappy tie.
http://www.youtube.com/watch… this is awesome that rt took the time to send fans a little "thank you"!  great guy!  awesome project!
@ emily,  why not?  the fbi in real life has hired former hackers and criminals with uber skills like frank abagnale (sp?)   why wouldn't they consider vm?
@emily and those things have a terrible effect on people.
@emily in season 3 product placement was pretty obvious with veronica's new car. a saturn for a mars. as long as the products are well placed and not an obvious cash grab i'm ok with it.
@emily consider this: she's smart enough to join profiling teams out of the box. she would get the worst of the worst. serial killers, white collar guys who hide themselves behind a slew of assassins, etc.
@balabanto: my friend had a pretty extensive background check just to enlist in the air force, they may over look vm past, but they will only ever let her in on low level secrets. i do not see vm being satisfied with only getting some of the details and having to follow orders blindly. either way, i am excited to see what rob thomas does with this opportunity!
i was recently watching a late season one episode and my 15 year old son started mocking veronicas mobile. well i said you little oik i had that very model, the sidekick and it was the dogs bo##ocks matey! i loved that phone but it looks a bit big now. but product placement could rake in some cash as long as it's not too obvious.
@emily: the fbi tends to overlook a lot, especially with someone who has more field experience than your average recruit.
@emily after veronica's previous experience with "dentistry", the jokes would never end. i'm sure she's way too smart to want to become a dentist.
i actually love the idea of vm wanting to be a lawyer. there are different types of lawyers, and after seeing so many people in neptune get the shaft because they did not live in 09er zip code lawyer is not a far leap for her in my mind. when the show first ended and the season 4 promo came out, i was really worried. i mean seriously, who thinks vm would pass a background check done by the fbi? not me, maybe for a summer internship, but with all the shady characters in her past i do not see her getting much of a clearance. however, veronica is still passionate about justice and doing the right thing, as a lawyer she would still be fighting crime, just in a different fashion, and that is exactly how i see her rationalizing her choice. she is a good detective, she has a strong moral compass, i can't see her just walking away and becoming an office secretary or dentist.
there should be a bump in pledges after the live tweeting.
@balabanto,  yes it's much easier to get money when you have a lot of backing already!
i hope we can reach 3.8 by the end of the day. i had hopes for it yesterday, too. remember that rob can always look for investors after he acquires the money.
i keep checking in, waiting for that international info to come out.. so i can up my pledge... so want a dvd and t-shirt !
i have to agree with meredith it has to continue!!
@ meredith thanks so much for the link! i adore francis capra
francis capra reddit ama link http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1abh82/im_francis_capra_weevil_and_i_am_very_very/
although, i must say, logan's apology to piz showed real character growth.
man, i just re-watched the bitch is back and if any show needs some closure, it is this one.
i also just can't see her wanting to be a lawyer after the murder trial experience. it's rob's world but lawyer seems so cliche now and feels wrong even though its supposed to be wrong. it doesn't feel like law is something she'd run to after running away from her pi calling.
so the scoop from rob is that v hasn't taken a case since the bitch is back, didn't take the fbi internship or didn't like it once she got there. she didn't go for a life in law enforcement or investigation. she ended up going to law school and is waiting to take her bar exams. this doesn't really make sense to me. law and law enforcement/investigation aren't the same thing, but they're the same coin. if doing cases and solving mysteries and doggedly pursuing truth repulsed her, why would she want to be a lawyer arguing over evidence and rules? it totally makes sense to me why she'd leave the pi/fbi direction for her life, but ending up as a lawyer doesn't make sense.  counselor/therapist/psychiatrist? i could see that. medical doctor? i could see that. business/mba? yes. she was really, really smart. dramatically i'd like to see her in a completely different realm than  "punishing or "defending.
@lace @meredith i agree with the both of you. i also felt like she wanted to open up more to logan but was too afraid. considering her experience with love & her parents etc etc
@lace i feel like veronica didn't try nearly as hard logan did. hopefully they will both have matured enough to deal with each other well in the movie, but not so much that logan looses his charm or veronica looses her spunk.
big veronica mars fan here, all the way from manila:) like a true fan, i've been rewatching vmars. i keep thinking it was such a dick move for v to delete logan's voice mail, especially when what he says nails it right on the head. and like what you guys said, i'd love for veronica to show her love for logan a little bit more. logan's showed it plenty of times-granted, his method is a tad extreme sometimes, and yes  he's made mistakes, but like what he said on the voice mail she so heartlessly deleted without even listening--everyone's a sinner. i just feel like she's so hard on logan, when all he's done is protect her, love her, even when she doesn't love him enough, which seems to be more often than not.
@ michael since this movie isn't due for release until next year, and studios and networks will want to see how it performs, the earliest anyone should be looking for a series pickup would be q3/q4 of 2014. that's plenty of time for people to be released from contracts or unfortunately have current shows they are on be cancelled. the biggest hurdle would be who wants to drop $20-$30 million on a series commitment. netflix put down an estimated $100 million on house of cards and they may be reluctant to do that again. amazon on the other hand are getting into the original content game too and they have many projects in the pipeline. vm could be just the name they are looking for.
here's a funny kb vid: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
*how
i don't even know hoe to describe this except it's basically the best thing ever... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i wonder if the troy situation was planned from the beginning?
re-watching the 1st season and logan didnt treat veronica as bad as some say before they hooked up. it was kind of an equal toe to toe, smart ass comment thing between them. and them being civil towards each other at times. duncan not so bad just boring and weird lol wallace & weevil still awesome same with keith. troy was a decent dude.  that's what i got so far lol back to my program ^_^
i think my first was alyson hannigan or nathan fillion.
k, thanks everyone!
fun/creepy fact: kristen bell is the first person i decided to follow on twitter.
i should have included the @imkristenbell with that last post.  :)
marsbars- don’t forget live twitter chat with me & @robthomas  tomorrow @ 11am pt. use hashtag #veronicamarsmovie to ask questions.
also, for anyone hoping for a return of the series: while that would be nice, i find it highly unlikely.  kristen bell is committed to house of lies and i know she tries to do movies in between seasons of that show.  enrico colantoni similarly has a lot on his plate currently.  i think if we're lucky we'll get a couple more movies down the road or maybe a netflix miniseries or something.  but right now i'm just happy we're getting this movie and i'm not expecting anything beyond that.
yay canadians can pledge..and this canadian fan just did!!! :).. now for a veronica mars dvd marathon!!! cannot wait!!! <3
if your pledge is high, be careful. you can miss out on a new high tier and lose the lower one if there's enough internet traffic.
you can change your pledge and mess with it as much as you want, so don't be afraid of getting it wrong the first time.
@ lpma tigernightmare is correct: it's $10 extra for canadians.
@lpma yeah, i think if you want the $25 tier reward, you pay $35.
good to know!  i feel better knowing that the film portion of the funding is higher than i thought =)  thank you for the link
slow but steady wins the race. we can still get to 12 or 15 million! there's three weeks left!
@magan z i'm pretty sure what rt says in that article accounts for the kickstarter and amazon costs.  $200 for a blu-ray, poster and a t-shirt is a lot steeper than what these things tend to cost normally, aside from the cast signatures.  even 30% of that is $60, which is really high if you think about it.
the live tweeting will boost up the numbers.
@solene www.damnyouautocorrect.com
so the $10 canadian thing. does that mean i have to pledge $10 more to get my reward or will i be charged at a later time?
i predict a nice run after the live tweet session tomorrow. and i do plan to play hokey that hour so i can participate from the east coast.
because some people live week to week, solene. :) and americans pay their yearly income taxes on april 15, 3 days after the kickstarter ends. most people in the us who are salaried get paid every other monday. most people in the us who are on commission get paid every thursday.
i meant "stay", damn auto correct!
why are people waiting for their paychecks? the money will statut in their accounts until april 12th anyway...
tiger, take off an additional 10%, (5% fee for using kickstarter, 5% fee for using amazon payment). if the drive ended without taking on another cent, they'd have about $2.3 million to make the movie.  not bad.  but i anticipate the drive making great strides if the international reward system comes to fruition.  also, that last round of high tier rewards led to rapid increase.  another round of that, and maybe some decent stretch goals, would make a tremendous difference. the ball is in your court rt!
it's not likely. we should hit 4 by the 24th, though.the next big payday is thursday. some people get paid in small independent businesses on friday. wednesday is usually a junky paycheck.
@meredith i wish that would happen. i doubt we will get 3.8 by morning.
3.8m by tomorrow morning?
@candice i feel the same way. i didn't really pay attention to the brands in veronica mars until now. i hate it when they mention how great a brand is, but if it is just there, like cell phones or computers, i don't mind. i don't think non-human entities can contribute to kickstarter, but i think it would be great if a company like apple would match funds one of tiers, or donate after the campaign is over.
http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-on-the-wildly-successful-kickstarter-movie-campaign this article has rt estimating that reward fulfillment and kickstarter-related costs will eat up about 30% of the total.  as we are now, if that figure is accurate, they still have $2.6 million to spend if the campaign ended right now.
@meredith that's a great idea. i'm pretty sure she is going to have to use a computer during the movie.  they might as well get paid for choosing apple. sidenote: i don't like product placement that isn't natural. i don't need three lines of dialogue about how great of a product something is.
on an unrelated matter... i finally got subtitles for the first season so i could make my friends watch with me and when we start watching, the subtitles are so off! it was completely annoying, and there were a few jokes that got lost along the way... i kept trying not to shout: no, that's not what they said! at the screen... sigh if there's anyone out there with working subtitles for portuguese or spanish please let me know. :)
@stephen, i also don't understand why we haven't seen any attempt at corporate involvement. variety wrote an article about it. http://variety.com/2013/digital/news/veronica-mars-fundraiser-missed-opportunity-for-marketers-1200194591/ veronica was a mac user in the show. i think it would be great for apple to match funds for production if she stays a mac user. i go back and forth on what i think about product placement like that, but i am curious as to other thoughts. $20,000 is a lot of money for one of us, but is nothing in relation to advertising costs for someone like apple.
@stephen i wouldn't  be surprised if a movie investor or two have approached rt to invest outside of kickstarter.
@meredith - that would be a great way to help, but i don't see them going for it...
@stephen i do not know. i am in la and would volunteer to stuff envelopes. i don't think fulfilling pledges is the issue, i do however hope that the production cost of rewards doesn't cut too far into film production costs. @tigernightmare i am not suggestion that wb redirect kickstarter money. i am hoping wb decides that the rewards count as marketing so that the kickstarter money is only the production budget. otherwise what gets raised via kickstarter has to cover the production of the rewards as well as the movie.
@ meredith are they basing this out of austin or la
in the last 24 hours, we've raised an additional $32,702. check into my previous comments for other totals.
wb doesn't have the legal grounds to redirect money from pledge awards.  i'm pretty sure kickstarter can refund money to anyone who doesn't get their t-shirt and then everyone gets screwed.
because once the kickstarter is done, then you look for investors.
an interesting take on feasibility with this project and why the more money we raise, the better it is for everyone. http://www.stvanairsdale.com/2013/03/14/veronica-mars-kickstarter-problem-and-ours/. unless wb will decide that the production of t-shirts and posters to fulfill the kickstarter promise should be part of what they cover in marketing and distribution, there will be a lot of time and money spent, simply on the logistics of this campaign. i wonder if those of us geographically desirable could volunteer to help stuff envelopes when the time comes to make the logistics of kickstarter a bit easier on the creative team.
@ balabanto what i don't understand is why we haven't seen any major donations. you would think that some one with money would take a small gamble with a project to grab a percentage of the funds. they would have to do this outside of kickstarter though.
right now we have a 90 minute standard episode. what we really need is a 3 and a half hour movie. that's what 7 million gets us. :)
@eva this is for a movie and only a movie and any money raised will go towards that.  anything after that depends on whether or not the movie makes money.
@eva a full season could only happen if wb made bank when the movie is released.
you are not the only one who hopes for this. my real hope is that steve forbes likes this show, or someone like him.
any chance of a full-season if more money is pledged??
or, worse. dick is out of logan's porn business, piz is in logan's porn business, and he's a bigger sleazeball than logan ever was.
that would be funny, michelle. i would eat that up. that's exactly the sort of stuff that happens at these reunions, too. want to know what the best part of mine was? i didn't age. everyone else did.
@michelle interesting about piz & logan, that is possible.
@lilly veronica herself said that she had to choose her bf or her father. so yes i think that is also factor.
i just thought of something, what if piz and logan are really good friends now because they both had to get over their heartbreak over losing veronica after she left without a word.
question: do you guys think duncan would have stayed with veronica if he didnt think she was his sister? or the fact that keith accused his father would have broken them up anyways?
@tigernightmare http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-daily the kicktraq
i think we're going to exceed yesterday's total.
someone bop the kicktraq server for me.
that is understandable.  i guess if you're in love with your "sister" lol the best way is to ignore her haha
but forgive and forget seems to be his motto, since he virtually stalked the coffee hut all summer.
@lilly i think he thought that if he ignored her the feelings who go away and then at one point veronica thought duncan killed his sister, so he didn't really want anything to do with her.
@lilly he wanted to bury his feelings for her and he felt the best way to do that was to be cold and distant.
@kate i remember duncan coming in the coffee shop or w/e where veronica worked. i just fine it interesting duncan ignored veronica when shit hit the fan but after it was over he was all over her. that's my memory but i could have forgotten something or w/e
i love what the below article has to say!  i really hope that he can make this movie appealing to old fans of vm and people who have never seen it or heard of it before.  if he can do that, which i am sure he can, then this could definitely be the start of more vm!  it was a great show, but i am sure having the setting in high school lost appeal for some of the older crowd who never even gave it a chance!  younger fans who are in high school have more of a chance of watching shows centered around people who are older than them, but i feel like there is an age range where younger settings/people are harder to relate to for some of the older crowds, but this will be a brand new start to appeal to most audiences and will be perfect!  i think this is a great new beginning for the show! http://tvline.com/2013/03/20/veronica-mars-movie-spoilers-new-boyfriend/#1/vm1/
duncan tends to ignore things that upset him.
@michelle yea i know they use to date.  so he broke it off with her bc he thought she was his sister. but why did he have to ignore her? that's the thing i don't understand and one of the reasons i like logan bc when love got together he didnt care about what others thought and he made that clear to his friends. but i'm rusty on vm so i could be missing something?
i'm the one with over 300 comments. :)
@tabetha welcome to veronica anonymous
@lilly they found out veronica was keith's daughter in 1 x 19 "hot dogs" duncan and veronica got back together after logan was on trial for murder and started vandalizing the town with the 09ers and v broke up with him during the summer between season 1 and 2.
sorry it was towards the end 1x20 m.a.d.
@lilly yes and also because he always liked her but was afraid she was his sister. i want to say the middle of season 1....i just watched this episode and forgot what number it was. i tend to watch out of order, skipping seasons and things like that.
on a side note, i can't believe how nerdy i am for all of this!  lol.
omg!  i am so excited at this... i haven't read the rest of the article, but had to share this part with you guys!  per rt in a new article: “veronica will survive the movie,” declares thomas. “i can’t promise anyone else does though. but there will be an opportunity for veronica do to her thing again.” as in a sequel? a 10-episode season 4 on netflix? “i’d be lying if i didn’t say i didn’t think of those things,” admits thomas. “i am hopeful it is the birth of [much more] veronica mars.”
question: did duncan start having interest in veronica again after they found out who murdered lily? and when did they find out that veronica wasn't his sister?
that's not as random as almond butter.
random comment: but rt redid his whole twitter background. it's been veronica mars(ed) and even says "the movie". yay more backers! keep coming!
another milestone:  57,000
kaching
yay!
57,000!!!!!!!
there we go! perfect!
ah, 999.  i like a lot of 9's together like that.  it's like hitting the damage limit in final fantasy.
i am so excited to see it break to 57,000 backers!!!
howdy.
hi ashley!  great to have you along!  :)
<3
...and in his defense, i am sure he still thinks i am bit of a prude! <3
hi...new backer here.  couldn't pass up the opportunity to support one of my all time favorite shows!
@ balabonto who is the admin for that forum
@tabetha the good ones always are. :)
@marília bonelli, that is funny, i have never heard that one before! lol.  that is probably true in a lot of cases; that if they come back no one wanted them! then in my case, i never knew i wanted him until he came back into my life... he is still a bit of an ass though! ;)
@tabetha aw, that's probably the sweetest thing i've ever heard @marilia hahaha never heard it that way but it's funny. :d
i know you guys are all so awesome!  i feel instant kinship!  vm is powerful!! lol. ;)
...as if i conjured it into existence with my brain, there's such a thing as almond butter in both smooth and chunky varieties.  i will make cookies with it some day.
@kate - you reminded me of a funny email someone sent me last week: if you love someone, set them free, if they come back, nobody wanted them... and then i read tabetha's post and went: awwww... :)
god. neptunerising@freeforums.org i'm having a bad day. life kicked me in the shins. be gentle.
nope. neptunerising.freeforums.org
i'm pretty sure that's us. let me check.
@michael www.neptunerising.com
@ kate i grew up in georgetown small world. @jon commercial or for fun
@michael i know right, i mean we need to talk about the making of the movie this summer and the movie next year lol. maybe we should make our own forum and everyone can travel over there on april 12th lol
it's going to suck when this project is over.  you peeps are a blast to converse with.  maybe there'll be an official vm movie web forum or something.
@tabetha there's plenty of hopeless romantics around.  we're just kinda boring and lacking in je ne sais quoi.
@tabetha i like the way you think :)
@ michale, keep that, there are not a lot of hopeless romantics out there left!  that makes you very rare! :)
mean girls was kind of the modern take on heathers, wasn't it?  i know that's like 10 years and someone's career later, but come on.
well, i certainly will not be pledging for a heathers reboot. haha. but last i heard of it they were going back and forth to adapt it to the big screen, or the small screen. the small screen would be a lot more interesting. but it will lose the edginess the movie had.
@ tabetha, that story is sweet!  i'm a hopeless romantic.  heh heh.
a case of the bad boy that wasn't so bad after all... he turned out better than the "good guy" i was always with.
what the hell, hollywood?
i knew my, now husband, in my teens.  i always thought he was such an ass and he always thought i was a bit of a prude.  over the years it turns out we were in a bunch of the same places, but never knew it.  he always carried around a little angel charm i gave him on his rearview mirror.  14 years later he found me and said he never wanted to let me go again.
i really don't think they should be remaking that movie.  i think if they do it will just come out too teeny-popper drama, cheesy.  there are enough movies like that already out there!
if you love someone, set them free. if it was meant to be, they will come back to you.
@michael the bumpier the better. :)
remaking heathers?  blasphemy! @ kate, i fully expect love to happen.  the road should, of course, be plenty bumpy.  :)
heathers was a pretty awesome movie. they're re-making that movie which is heartbreaking.
i'm just saying. ;)
therein lies my point. then you grow up, realize your mistakes, and possibly marry the one that got away.
;)
i really liked heathers in a twisted sort of way!
@ kate i've never seen gossip girl, but the teens in heathers got into plenty of trouble! /oldreference
@michael maybe in their teen years. look at gossip girl. every rich kid does crazy sh%^ in their teen years, right?
@michael maybe in their teen years. look at gossip girl. every rich kid does crazy sh%^ in their teen years, right?
@ kate sandra bullock says this to keanu reeves: "relationships that start under intense circumstances, they never last."  later in the movie he tells her after they survive everything, they have a moment where he says, "i have to warn you, i've heard relationships based on intense experiences never work."  bullock then replies, "okay. we'll have to base it on sex then." anyhoo, i think my point was love tends to ebb and flow with the amount of drama and personal danger in their lives.  heh heh.
only 38 more backers!
a shout out to my other best friend, arin who hasn’t even seen this show yet but became a backer!  you are awesome and i love you immensely!!! marathon as soon as i get out there!! ;)
@tigernightmare http://www.tvguide.com/news/jimmy-fallon-tonight-show-jay-leno-1062988.aspx
@michael i don't know the line....
@ lilly i've been known to dabble in the creative arts... ;)
for old fans watching the pilot you can go on rt website and there is commentary.i just had it play while i watched the episode.
@michael you must be a secret writer hahaha and yes yes i remember speed :)
is anyone going to take rt up on his challenge? ;) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i would like mrs.echolls back as well. idk about her being a serial killer unless the girl that is dating logan is robbing him or something. but i always felt bad that logan had no one.
it sounds like rt is going to honor the canon of the series while making the movie as accessible as possible to new(er) fans.  that's probably a good idea if they intend to do more stuff beyond this movie.  i hope there's some in-jokes for fans, though. and it sounds like my idea for the logan/veronica relationship may bear some fruit! :)
@ kate, what was that line from speed about relationships forged under intense situations? :)
ok... here's my thing... serial killer... mrs. echolls comes back ....didn't actually die on bridge.
more movie info for you guys to sink your teeth into. http://tvline.com/2013/03/20/veronica-mars-movie-spoilers-new-boyfriend/#1/vm1/
@tiger thanks! i'm going to have a marathon. i haven't seen the show in years so maybe you're right. :)
i tried to watch the vm pilot online, it wasn't working for me. i had to breakout the dvds!!! marathon tonight!!!!
@kate do we know how long after the rooftop incident that scene took place?
@marlena lolol!! he was a little mad in that video and they way kb was looking at him when he was having his gollum moment lol.
@katy - i just love that promo video. it is amazing. i want my own personal copy and i want them to do another one if they can, maybe a thank you video or something, something where they are talking to us as themselves, but more or less in character like that. it's just so much fun.
71 more backers to 57,000!
did anyone else feel like logan and veronica suddenly getting back together in the season 2 finale was kind of.... abrupt? like wait i thought you guys were awkwardly talking after the kendall incident and now you're dating?!? i know he saved you on the rooftop but wow..... that was fast.
@marlena bahahaha! i was thinking the same thing...
@lilly (per your comment about half an hour ago about erico colantoni on "person of interest" in connection with the promo video) - just think, he's playing his character as keith mars playing his character. that makes it even more impressive. nine years without being out of character. ;)
@lilly i looked it first up to make sure i used it right. "...a plot device whereby a seemingly unsolvable problem is suddenly and abruptly resolved, with the contrived and unexpected intervention of some new event, character, ability, or object. depending on how it's done, it can be intended to move the story forward when the writer has "painted himself into a corner" and sees no other way out, to surprise the audience, or to bring a happy ending into the tale."--professor thaddeus wikipedia
@kate & @tigernighmare  yeah not to mention he went to evil bad boy gun toting potential murderer with a zest for torture.  (on the rooftop)
@kate i'll have to watch it again.
@lilly yeah. that could be.
@kate then maybe its the time span that is the problem?felt a little rushed or last minute?
@tigernightmare i kind of agree, but to the extent that i was ok with beaver being the bad guy, but i felt him also being a rapist made him go from misunderstood loner to eeeevil in a short span of time.
@tiger i don't know what deus ex machina mean? lolol
@lilly true, but that's how season 1 was solved.  i don't mind the reveal to be a complete surprise, but beaver felt very deus ex machina to me.
@kate lolololol!!!!
@tiger but don't you think its more about not thinking its the obvious person but the person no one would think? i mean he was molested  by his coach. some of those people can be the quietest person hiding something inside, not every psychopath has a history. look at the history of shootings, some of those people have no criminal background and people never suspected anything.
veronica is dating new boyfriend. boyfriend: "i love you veronica" veronica: "uh huh."
@phil if you're talking about the current characters their's no one that has a romantic chemistry with veronica, let's think about this? wallace seem more like a brother and i believe keith & his mom started something that may or may not be still going on. weevil just seem like a best friend who has her back, mac well that would be interesting........lolol but she is just her female best friend in crime. duncan is too weird and doesn't fit with the veronica after lily's death but more with veronica before lily's death. piz is a wuss and tbh unless he is still in a relationship with veronica i don't see why he would be back?? the only thing i can see is a new love interest no one we already know. but as some my already know i'm team love all the way.  veronica & logan seem to push each other more and don't hold back their feelings in terms of letting one no their faults. the only real issue they have is completely giving themselves too each other in which logan seem to have done but veronica is the one holding back. but that was teenage stuff hopefully they have grown over the years and learned
@tiger nightmare. i solved season 2 in episode 12. the whole season is based on an old mickey spillane novel called the twisted thing. it is not his most well read book. (that would be i, the jury)
@jon see: veronica mars movie kickstarter promo video.
well, dick jr. was the one who had the ghb.  dick sr. is no saint, but dick jr. encouraged beaver to rape veronica in season 1.  the hell.
i's sooo with ya there lilly.. same here!  quite a few shows
@kate lol ok, first you have to fill out the questionnaire to figure out your preferences for "smolder factor" =)
@tigernightmare dick sr. or dick jr.?
@lilly mixed feelings.  the beaver reveal tied up the loose ends and it was believable enough to fit without contradicting previous events.  but on the other hand, we were lead to believe he was this poor sweet kid who was humble because he had a terrible family.  nothing before 222 showed us that beaver was anything but that.  not a raging genocidal psychopath.  it was easy to accept aaron echolls as a killer because he was always terrible.  i kinda wish dick ghb casablancas was made into the killer instead.
@phil sorry mate. i stand by him because the character is played so well.
btw correctly watching vm pilot episode haha
cousin* that was completely my bad typing.
@katy psssh it's weird having a cousing i didn't know i had on here lol. but here's the thing... i see people like logan every day and he makes my skin crawl... not a murderer... just a twit... i soooo want a love connection that we aren't expecting.
i can't believe we're actually going to get some closure with veronica mars. so many shows i have love that got cancelled without a proper ending and i get at least one of them to make it right. :d i just hope rob doesn't do some cliffhanger thinking we can do another movie. i know it could be possible but this one has to be a great movie in order for that to happen. and tbh i'm fine with just this one movie and anything after this is just a bonus for me. excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@jon haha sounds good. if they can smolder like jason dohring (or if they look like him) that's a definite plus. :)
@kate oh!  and i left out party affiliation!
@kate, ok i will have all the guys send you their resumes, with pictures, and future earning potential, personality profiles and such!
@katy yeah i'm glad some people have lol. but yeah not as much drama.... haha irish mobsters and murderous abusive fathers.... yikes.
@kate. so true. i'm lucky i have. except without the crazy drama! lol
if i can ever find someone i care about as much as kristen bell and jason dohring pretend to love one another, i think my life will be set.
@tiger what you mean by being divided?
@katy hahahahaha!!! @jon yes! hopefully he made something out of himself when they go back to the reunion. that would be interesting and not so predictable imo
93 more peeps for 57,000 backers!
i'm still divided over beaver, though.  it's one of those things that made sense without making sense.
@lyz i fall for the bait and switch every time.  same thing with alan tudyk on dollhouse.  a testament to the actors.
@lilly,  absolutely!  and i like to see weevil be a bigger part of the picture. @katy  you are so right... you have to have someone you love to hate in there somewhere!
@lilly oh me too! it was like it was happening to me! lol.
i'm currently watching the first episode of person of interest with erico colantoni ('m writing during the comercial) such a really great actor, he always totally inhabits his characters, i love watching him play!!
@jon for sure @katy they really do. as much as any real life couple.
@katy of course! and yes please! i was depressed for yrs after season 3 love ending lololol jk ^_^
oops that was moved *on* not one. hello editing!!
@lilly. well it's silly to think she's pining away over logan for 9 years. of course she moved one...or at least she thinks she has....so excited for this movie. oh please rob thomas get love together for real this time!! i'm so gushy when it comes to them. they just have such amazing chemistry together.
@kate sounds like an interesting paper.  love to read it when you finish!
@katy i'm on the same wave link as you. lolol i actually like the fact veronica will be in a relationship but i know love is endgame lolol
@kate. there has to be a villian in the movie, might as well make it veronica's new boyfriend. maybe logan can save her from another psycho....
i just want to say besides my love for love, i can't wait to see mac, wallace, weevil & keith. :ddddddddd
i wonder if it's going to come out in 2016 to keep it in real time or if we'll be seeing into the future or exploring multiple periods of time.
@katy great minds think alike. plus, the love fans have to have someone to hate (if veronica's not dating piz i don't think i'll hate him as much)
@kate nice.  bet you're ready to take a long break after that.
@kate soooo agree. it wouldn't be any fun if they were both single and just fell back in love at  the reunion. there needs to be a little more drama than that! it does need to last more than 45 minutes after all!
@tigernightmare jay leno has been lashing out at nbc publicly for several weeks, in his monologues and elsewhere. sources say he's gone and it's not ending on good terms. also, thanks for thinking my thesis topic is interesting! :) i just finished writing it so i am sick to death of it.
i would think that the themes of the show would mostly turn off the far right-leaning public and accuse the show of wealth jealousy and such, with the way most of the 09ers are.
not surprised veronica has a boyfriend. who's logan going to beat on otherwise? ;) just kidding..... *ahem*
yeah mine essentially focuses on the republican takeover of 1994 and how gingrich really changed things in washington right up to 2010.
i didn't expect veronica to be single, that wouldn't make sense...but as long as love ends up back together at the end of the movie, i will be happy. rob thomas better not f-k that up again damn it!!! lol.
tvline just posted this: http://tvline.com/2013/03/20/veronica-mars-movie-spoilers-new-boyfriend/#1/vm1/
the cast is pretty bipartisan. except for enrico, who's canadian.
er, 12 years.  bush 1 felt longer.
that's a fascinating and somewhat scary topic.  they've kept democrats out of the big chair for 16 years and reagan turned california into a moderate red state.
@kate  salt lake (saw it on your twitter profile)
that's the news, but is he really?  i feel like satan will intervene again.
@jon which home town? salt lake or austin? also, thesis topic is the 1994 election and subsequent polarization of american politics in congress
fallon is replacing him.
so, what the frick's up with leno?
whats you thesis topic about?
@kate  sa-weet!!  its much fun!  i've been through your home town recently (a couple of months ago) on my way out west.
now i wish i could tie my thesis topic into veronica mars somehow.... sadly, not a lot of real-life politics in the show. which i'm grateful for, mind you.
@jon no way! my dad's a pilot!
@kate  im @plane_crazy because i'm a pilot, and i'm generally  a nutball  %^)
@jon my twitter "handle" (you crazy kids and your weird names) is @kattressa :) i'm a democrat though and a giant nerd, so be warned that most of my tweeting falls into those two categories @stephen congratulations!!! i will let you know how mine goes. final submission is april 10th. :)
logan's risky business > tom cruise's risky business  (season 1's 80's dance)
@tigernightmare: thanks, i hope you're right. not that i'd cancell my pledge, i still find  all that (and you all, fellow backers) is great. but i certainly wouldn't up it, and as there surely won't be a screening in paris or even in europe, i'd like at least a dvd!!
well, that's the thing, if it doesn't get cleared, it'll still be north america only.  but they're working on it.  it's all bs, but it'll happen.  i think it's less to do with wb and more to do with those that own the distribution rights internationally.  everyone wants a piece and they have to negotiate these things.
@ tigernightmare :sure, but the international distribution isn't cleared yet. what if it never is? i totally trust rt and his team, and i really believe they're trying. warner bros? not so much!
@lyz those rewards have already been cleared.  they are contractually obligated to distribute these rewards per the kickstarter official terms.  so don't worry.  and like people always say about these things, this is a pre-sale, not a donation so much.
suddenly, i've got an horrible thought : what if wb, now confident with the fans support, expect to sell a lot of dvd/blue ray on the international market after the airing of the movie and don't want to bother with distributing rewars before it? i couldn't help to feel very cheated!!!
@ ryan, unfortunately, that all needs to get clearance from wb and monolothic mega-corporations aren't in the habit of making quick decisions on anything.
that"s ryan hansen, aka dick casablancas. he got an haircut.
who's the guy on the couch on the video? i don't remember
seems to me that if stretch goals were announced, mars investigations merch was added as add-ons or rewards, and international shipping were included this number would go up faster. c'mon rob thomas, you're missing opportunities here.
@stephen,   congrats on the thesis!!!
@kate,  i'll follow you ;)
@kate i defended my thesis and passed :) keep me updated on yours.
love the prizes.  love the demo video.  this is going to be so great.  glad to help it along.
vm fans are some of the most awesome people ever!!! :)
we've had over a hundred new pledges in the past hour or so.  i'd say today will be a nice spike.
awe, thank you manda!  love you!!! marathon!!! <3
i need to watch this show so i know what i pledged into! hahaha  see, i'll do whatever i can to make my best friend smile! ;)
wait for thursday and friday. more progress will be made. remember that a lot of paychecks went into guinness and st. patrick's day.
i am a little worried at the slow progress of these numbers, but i really do feel like we will have a larger spike at the end of this project! ;)
i think the $5,000 spot is a great idea to make sure the movie will play near you!
@tonia, i thought the $5000 spots were all gone at one time too, in the first two days... but it seems like it opened up again after that...  i could be wrong though.
i got the girl i was dating at the time into the show when season 3 started.  hopefully she won't hold her hatred for me against the show and pledges.
yay!  just got my best friend to pledge and she has never seen the show!  i told her time for a marathon! ;)
@jon i follow people who follow me :d
@tonia pretty sure it was the same yesterday, but i could be wrong.
has anyone else noticed that one of the $5000 spots has opened back up??? i could've swore those were all gone in the 1st two days.
you never know what could happen!  stay positive!! ;)  i am hoping tomorrow, after the live feed with kristen and rt there will be a spike in numbers!
yikes.
hopes for the movie:  a scene with veronica and wallace cackling at the idea she even dated logan. i'm picturing the scene where buffy found out harmony had minions. like that.  veronica got a gay bff in the intervening years. preferably me, but i'll settle for anyone else.  she has half the patience she had back in '07. i want her tasering people that are rude to her in the supermarket.  it might be interesting if she's struggled with addiction since she left neptune, being that she is genetically predisposed to it.  if she must be dating someone from the show, piz or weevil.  most of all, i hope there's new characters and this feels more like a fresh start for a continuation rather than one last reunion show.
@solene never underestimate the power of positive thinking.
balabanto, we won't hit 3.8 today, maybe not even tomorrow. the pledges are slowing, and this is not a very realistic goal. you can follow the stats there : http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-daily
i know most of us have seen this, but just incase someone is just coming on now to look at comments: kristen bell ‏@imkristenbell47m attn marshmallows! @robthomas & i r doin a live twitter chat tmrw @ 11am pt- use #veronicamarsmovie & we'll answer ur questions! rt!
we should be able to hit 3.8 today. but, shoot for 4.
@michael: i'm sure you can find 50 backers here who'd want the private screening... if you do, i'm game. i'll spent one week in usa as holydays. i'm very serious. not christian, so  i can't "cross my heart...". but you see my point, right?
i can barely stand following 50 people. i booted nathan fillion recently.
i'm gonna try to be at that twitter event with rt and kb tomorrow.  that should be cool.
when i get an e-mail about a new follower, i tend to be part of about 50,000 other people.
@tiger, michael  lol actually i just noticed i do have one follower "the kardashians"  must of been from that off color tweet i made about k.k.   ooooh im being monitored by the kardashian kops!
yeah, i'm twitter too but i only have a few followers.  i follow a lot of people, though. :)
i have 24 followers.  i think 19 of them are robots.
@ jon you might be on to something! lol
@tabetha  i follow them on twitter too!   never used it much till now.. i look lame on there i have no followers yet.
@michael maybe you could start another kickstart project offer admission to the show as a reward!
there's still a private screening for up to 50 people in your hometown still available.  oh to be independently wealthy...  maybe i should start a collection! :)
@jon, i know.... i have never posted on a forum before and even started twitter to follow kristen and rt!  just shows how great of a show this was/is!
i'm stuck at work no way to watch!
@kate my dvds are packed up. i can always watch it online though.
@tabetha, yes it is!  i have posted more on this forum than any other!  ever! @lilly,  yeah whats stopping you?  :p
@lilly what's stopping you? ;)
i am trying to get my paper done on stage models of reading for literacy, but it is just too tempting to get on here!!!  lol  these numbers need to keep going up!
@kate lol it's all good, but as this talking everyday about makes me want to watch it. haha
@lilly haha that's fine i wasn't trying to grill ya. :)
@phil nice. :p
@kate idk i have to re-watch it again. i think i'm just going re-watch the whole series at some point.
not even noon here yet and we're rounding towards 3.72.  think we'll hit 3.8 in 12 hours?
they  probably both knew logan's epic beef though... *badoom crash*
oooooooo, great idea el-ad david amir, that might be a good incentive to get people to pledge more... name in the credits?
i still maintain that logan did not know madison and veronica's epic beef.
@kate the ross situation oh lawd!!! lol as for logan  it's more about who he slept with more then anything
@lilly as ross gellar infamously said, "we were on a break!!!" although in logan's case, six weeks is a lot longer than one day. so he's a little more in the clear (still dumb)
pledged! will my name be in the credits?" ;)
@kate yes she is lol @amber i can see being upset about who he slept with, him sleeping with someone during their breakup i don't have an issue with.
yeah one female.
i think v should connect to her old school through a female quirky female student that is following in her footsteps because she had to hear about how v helped her older brother out back in the day. this girl is average looking and super computer smart and dating the captain of the football team, somehow. she could jump from the movie back to a new generation tv show. her name should be madison moon and you need to make the boyfriend super hot. gold mine!
@amber i don't think logan knew why veronica really hated madison. pretty sure she didn't tell him about the "trip to the dentist" but it was still a really dumb thing to do, i agree. boys. always thinking with their.....
in a nutshell, it just seemed really selfish, thoughtless and insensitive.. but, then again, logan's a rich young guy.  oh well.
@lilly: i might have been a little harsh on logan.. i don't know.  i just have really big expectations, i guess.  when he slept with madison over the summer/ whenever it was (during a love) break-up, it just seemed like a really awful thing to do; i'm sure that he knew (or atleast hoped) that they would end up back together, and he'd have to know how much verooica would hate what he did/ how uncomfortable and self-conscious it would make her.  who on earth would be okay with their boyfriend having slept with madison sinclair?  but anyways, i love logan.  i've gotten over his "oopsies" and i'm pretty sure veronica has, too (she's probably more mature and forgiving than the average young adult in that respect.  plus, she's a tv character).
@lilly yeah. she's.... complicated. but only one guy really tried to get her to open up rather than being "surface barbie veronica."
@kate right, and i believe in s3 she ignore his call bc he was protecting her bc of the rapist and she didnt like that he was protective of her like that?
*love her
veronica treated logan pretty badly, not trusting him and constantly judging him. he put up with a lot (i lover her, i'm not dissing her, but for someone who claims not to trust very well she sure doesn't stay single too long and try to figure that stuff out)
@michael sounds good lol @katy ikr to see how they relationship develop us the best. i also love her relationship with weevil, wallace & mac @kate yes i thought so, logan was a pretty good bf to ceronica idk why some people make it seem like he wasn't.
first 3 updates wer 6 days ago all on the first day and the last update was 5 days ago on the second day (so hardly 4 this week what want me to wait one more day to point the lake of updates out?) 3 of those updates were under 8 lines of text (5,6 and 8 to be exact) and only 2 of those had any thing new about the project the other two were "woot we made alot of money" and "woot we broke recorded with money" ill im saying is they could use updates a little more often yes i know they have a twitter but thats not kickstartter its the 56k people here that gave them nearly 4 mil  not the 28k or 1mill followers they have on twitter its just better if they update here every now and then for the next 23 days to help boost funding intrest and such we also need more high plge levels and streatch goals as with out them we wont see as big of spike at the end
ha ha.  i'm a genius! :-p
@michael. love it!
@michael i like it.
interesting. so veronica is damaged goods, eh?  so logan married and divorced and veronica is engaged to someone she doesn't really love, but she knows he is "good" for her.  cue high school reunion and the spark between logan and veronica reignites.  veronica's fiancee, after some drama, comes to the realization that she doesn't really love him and never will.  maybe on some level he's always known that, but he hoped things would change.  so he breaks off their engagement and returns home.  veronica stays in neptune, gets a speech from keith/mac/wallace about letting people in, and v finally goes to l and dives in.  :)
@kate. bahahaha. the home improvement kid. too funny. but that is seriously one of the best kisses ever on television. my heart stopped and i still get goosebumps watching it. so. hot.
@katy yup. agreed. when he saved her from that home improvement kid..... the kiss...... swoon. :d
@valeria i wish i had it as easy as v. duncan was running away in donut run and said, "i love you veronica. always have, always will" and she was just like, "ok. we better hurry." if i said that to some guy he would not be ok with that answer. lol. i'm with you. i hope she picks logan, but just expressing deep attachment to anyone at this point would be ok by me.
watching season 1 (again). i love love love this show and the love dynamic. just...*swoon*...too good for words. i adore watching love in the beginning...watching it unfold and blossom into a serious relationship.
@kate i was thinking the same. i never know what she feels.  for me it's too easy for her stop dating someone, that's why i'm questioning the depth of her feelings.  i didn't see veronica fight for her relationships. i want her to make a final decision ( love of coarse) and show that she is deeply, madly, for the rest of her life in love. ps i don't remember about duncan, but i do remember that when logan said  "i love you, veronica. do you love me?", her answer after hesitation was just 'yes'. i don't know, for me it's not enough.
the closest she ever came was a. in season 1 when she told logan she trusted him, and b. in season 2 when she showed actual emotion after finding kendall in logan's hotel room after his drunken anti-prom confession.
@jenny yeah i have a full time job, part time classes and am writing a senior thesis. it literally sucks you in and won't let go. :)
@lilly you're right..... but every time logan tells her he loves her (season 2 and 3) she either makes a snarky comment or deflects it with a "yeah". makes me sad. :( logan never cheated on her btw. he slept with madison while they were broken up and she considered that a betrayal cause it was madison's fault veronica was drugged. but he was faithful to her while they were together.
@amber how was logan an uninvolved unfaithful bf to veronica throughout the series? i'm a little rusty on vm but i don't remember him being like that?? @kate that's exactly why logan broke up with her in s3 bc she doesn't let anyone in really she always has her guard up but with that said you can that she cares for certain people by the links she goes to protect them or in logan case she if he was cheating during the early episodes of season 3 and the fact she trusted him to come to the roof without even saying what was going on with the whole cassidy incident etc etc
i've been on a veronica mars watching marathon. season 1 was done in 3.5 days...and i'm married, with a kid, and a full time job. i'm 7 episodes into season 2. i'm afraid i'm going to finish the seasons too quickly and then i'll be sad waiting until summer 2014 for my movie! maybe i'll just keep vm on a loop! :)
maybe rt will announce stretch goals and other confirmed actors in tomorrow's live tweet.
@tigernightmare absolutely. an online friend told me she had backed the project even though she wasn't a die hard fan of the show per se. we all want to see good tv and characters we love.
if anyone's part of a genre show forum, it might be worth posting about this.  people who watch a lot of good tv tend to be fans.
i think we need more updates from rob. not even with stretch goals although that would be nice. i'd like to know if he's getting close to adding more cast members like wallace and mac or even weevel.
rawwr.  coffee.
also, yay for $3.71 million!!! :)
ok so i've been thinking and this could be just me..... but looking back, veronica is never, ever vulnerable. the only person she expresses love towards is her dad. she cares about wallace and mac, sure, but she also uses them to help her with detective work. and she never said i love you to duncan or logan (or piz, but they didn't date that long) she essentially is sam spade. which i know is keeping with the noir genre. but some part of me would like to see the girl get a little vulnerable. admit she's not invincible. admit she loves someone.
and the counter is moving again. sweet.
yes! i would definitely go for some add-ons.
knowing that makes me think rob could get a lot of mileage out of breaking up some of the tiers and offering things individually as addons.
@july the way things work, at the beginning (recently launched) as well as near the end (last 48 hour email, ending soon) are the most frantic pace. also, a small rabid fanbase previously unawares will spike numbers over a 12-24 hour period. right now it's about exposure and the $ people are willing to give to mr thomas and co. you don't need to signup for kickstarter if you know someone already pledging. :d go team 'mallow
it's early yet. people get paid thursday.
@meredith: i remember that episode!  i cried soooo much.  poor logan.  i pretty much went from being pissed off at veronica (for being mean to logan) to being extremely disappointed in logan (for being an uninvolved, unfaithful bf to veronica) throughout the entire series.  the series is just so well written.
it seems like the numbers don't go up anymore... :(
@meredith i remember that.............i felt so sad for him. :( my emotions right now :(  haha
hi everybody  @frostquinn, and a lot more backers could be seen if it did. however, they did say several times they were working on it, and not later than yesterday in an e-mail answering to a question i sent to r.t., so let's be patients and wait for it...
i really hope the international donors issue is sorted somehow. i love veronica mars but it's futile to donate to a movie i won't be able to see.
@marilia  yes it did!  hope class goes well!  i have to say i love your name!   its like a sound byte stuck in my head that i have been saying it in my head over and over with my very best italian accent!  lol
56666 backers!
@solène i think it is better not being too tactical but true. if they put the bar higher maybe they did not reach it and we get nothing.
nothing like waking up in the morning and seeing the counter jumped a few numbers. :) now i can go to class happier.
yeah anthony, i think they should have set the bar at least at 3 or 4 million, then people would not have stopped pledging so soon!
it's _not_ a -shipping- problem. its a "legal" problem. while the production and filming of the movie is crowdfunded through kickstarter, its still going to be warner brothers doing the distribution and promotion. and according to the rules of wb, the internet isn't a "real thing" and the world should be divided into borders and markets like in the physical world. sadly the faq answers regarding international backers are either bullshiting or evidence that they don't know how the technical kickstarter-system works. us credit card my ass; the project creator will not receive any credit card information from kickstarter nor amazon.
good morning vm fans... i see we picked up another 11 large since ive been away!
hey rt, how about using just a fraction of all that extra money to provide international shipping for the fans overseas?!
international shipping please please pleaseeee
probably going to end up at around 4.5 or 5 million. that is pretty damn good. if they had set the bar at 5 million we would have hit it long ago i am sure.
as soon as this project launched i started re-watching the series. logan standing alone in the cafeteria after calling veronica in season three just broke my heart all over again.  i suppose half of the best love moments are the heart-breaking ones.
i actually would love mars investigation items.
if we hit 45 million, that would be the best thing ever. we are dreaming too low!
woke up to see we'd climbed above 3,7 million -the best thing ever! :d
in case anyone was feeling anything less than completely proud about being a part of this campaign, watch this ted talk by amanda palmer about why this is the most awesome way to fund a project: http://www.ted.com/talks/amanda_palmer_the_art_of_asking.html
hope we can get to 57000 backers by morning.
@ christian, feel free to probe rt's brain: [rob thomas‏ @robthomas attn vm fans: @imkristenbell & i are doing a live twitter chat this thurs @ 11 am pt. use hashtag #veronicamarsmovie & we’ll take questions.]
@tigernightmare if you provide on set snacks, they gave save a little money. lol
la is gone! i wondered why the counter jumped so much! have fun! whoever you are!
i had a cookie in the morning, a cookie in the afternoon, then a sensible dinner.
if you eat all 50 cookies in one sitting, you may not live to see this movie.
@christian 4 a week not enough for you?
ok i realy think they need to update more often
48
i have to find gifts for these folks at the premiere, too. but they have to be cool gifts.
think they take payment in cookies?  i have like 50 of them.
here we go, $3.7 million! i knew it could be done!! :)
someone needs to pledge the la tix asap because i am way too tempted & i really shouldn't.
i know... i'm bribing everyone i know to get cover my pledge. veronica mars style... you mess with the bull... haha... so who's going to the la premiere!??! i'm pretty excited. thanks international fans for pledging! this is pretty amazing...
i wish i could go but add flights and hotels and its out of my league, sadly! good luck to whoever gets it, im wel jel!
wish i could since i live there! but i am just a poor college student!
uh oh... someone backed out of the premiere for la... one ticket left... who's going to take it...
i come back to check up and see *pillow fight*. if you watch house of lies (and you should) just imagine some of the toys showing up at said party :p th'td kill the endorsement real fast. why can't these 20 somethings do something productive, like find world peace. :d i'd buy that for a dollar.
...except my friends, layin' across the river.
kate talking about mac and veronica being lovers naturally made my mind wander... there should be a celebratory high school reunion sleepover where all the girls get into a massive pillow fight!  that is where your extra dollars are going, people! ;)
i know veronica will be even older and probably more jaded but i hope she still has her wallace bffship! i loved those two together. veronica: he called once. the day after. but...how would you interpret his mood? wallace: you want me to have this talk? am i a twelve year old girl? veronica: no...but you're drinking fresca and watching joan crawford movies. lol always loved her calling him out on the fresca
@phil.... true, but we can't help whose character portrayal we fall for @jason they do. they really do.
@kate - the dirty jokes just make themselves. :p
in that scene, you can clearly hear party voices still, so yeah, beaver was first.  ick.
@kate... because mac isn't a douche.
@jason what i would give to be in dick's head..... ;)
@kate - i think you stumbled into dick's head. :p
who wants another keith mars trial by fire moment?
@phil if we can't have logan, why should mac be fair game? :)
lol!!! @kate
@kate... well i mac and i can't be together... nobody can.
mac and veronica become lesbian lovers. everyone satisfied now?
@natasha rob stated he talked to her , the guys who played piz and wallace about it but they haven't done any contracts as of yet so hopefully mac is back hahaha i liked that character.
@michael same, didn't ruin the season or even the episode, but i did feel like they kinda threw that in towards the end of season 2. also, when v admitted in court she had been treated for an std, i would have liked to see logan's reaction. i know they didn't have sex, but he must have had a reaction.
yea, that's what ive thought all these yrs @michael but i haven't seen it in a while so i'm a little idk at the moment lol but it seems that way tbh
i really hope we get tina majorino (mac)!
@ kate, yeah, it seemed like when they decided beaver was the big bad in s2 they may have felt it necessary to make him e-v-i-l and rewrite history.  i was fine with the s1 version of events where veronica wasn't raped, or at least it was with duncan who was also drugged and she liked anyway.  it's a minor point, though.  it didn't ruin the season for me or anything.
logan and veronica scene on the roof..... so good. praying for more scenes on a roof. any roof.
i was kind of sad when i found out veronica really had been raped. did anyone feel like it was unnecessary to drudge that up again? beaver killing her father might have been enough. did he have to have raped her too? i dunno, i found it a tad excessive. not bad, mind you. still a great season 2 finale. but a little much.
no, veronica was super po'd at beaver at the end of s2 because she pieced it all together.  he raped her and gave her the std.  duncan came in after the fact.
maybe you're right @adam i don't know this vid shows duncan leaving http://youtu.be/v0krr0ks8yu look like its day out. this video just shows beaver in the room with veronica http://youtu.be/bc2cw8lvyxo but idk who was first or whatever
if beaver gave the std to veronica which we all believe is true it is almost impossible for her to pass it on immediately to duncan as it takes a little while to enter her system. also the std in question is more contagious the more you are exposed to it so a one off with an infected person would give you a 25% chance of getting it, not odds i would like to take but there you go. chances are high they duncan was ok.
beaver was first. duncan woke up with veronica beside him the next morning. pretty sure beaver (sorry.... cassidy) would not have raped v with duncan in the room. even if they were both unconscious.
veronica found out beaver raped her at the end of season 2. duncan was gone by then. i'm pretty sure beaver rapes her first because duncan found her in the bed and left in the morning. since duncan was out of the picture by the time she found out, it was never discussed. but after she found out she had the std she asked logan if duncan had ever slept with anybody besides her and meg.
i laughed really hard at that logan/duncan/piz comparison. :d
i always remembered it as duncan and veronica slept together first and were drunk then beaver came in later and raped veronica giving her an std. she was happy that duncan was her first and not a rapist.
i kind of think that he did.  but wouldn't veronica have found it in his medical file, or was that just psychiatric? does anyone remember?
i don't know about duncan having a std or not i haven't seen vm in yrs. but @emily i don't remember them saying if he had one or not. maybe he kept it on a the low lol
i hope i have time this summer to watch the show again this summer.  i saw a screen cap that shows duncan waking up before veronica and it looks light outside.
was it ever explicitly said that he didn't get an std?  watching the purity test episode always amuses me because of v telling duncan that she doesn't have vd....
beaver slept with veronica first then duncan so she lost her virginity to beaver. but to be fair to duncan both him and veronica were drugged........
sorry for all my typos. ugh... duncan didn't have a std.
@tigernightmare see that's what always threw me. like i always thought it was beaver than duncan but duncan didn't an std...maybe he used protection? but they both seemed really gone.
you are right, v woke up alone.  but i believe duncan woke up shortly before her and bolted.
i thought veronica woke up alone and didn't remember what happened?
duncan was second, because he and veronica woke up together.
i think duncan was first, since he never contracted chlamydia as far as we know.
yay! 56500  backers, a deals a deal im off to fold the stupid laundry.
@k gil - most certainly. based on how things are going, i'd say between 8 and 10 mil is probably the low end of realistic. there are so many uncertainty factors like what will happen when they are able to open up more of the rewards to more international fans. depending on how that goes and when that happens. i think 15 mil is not unrealistic. of course, i'm just going off of current trands. something might cause things to shoot up even higher.
ew, sloppy seconds.
average donation of $65 if my division is correct. impressive.
no i think beaver was first, then duncan found veronica asleep. wait maybe it was the other way around . but it's beaver who gets her to the room first!! i think!
3.7!
wow 3.7 million oh my god!! i hope all the main actress are on it!! we need all the high school characters or it just won't be the same!! ❤❤
is 5 million a realistic number?
hey maybe someone can clear this up about the order of events at shelly's party. dick and beaver carried veronica to the guest bedroom then beaver rapes an passed out veronica and then duncan shows up after and they have sex but then he wakes up in the morning thinking he slept with his sister and bolts? is that correct or  was duncan first because he rescues her from being fed drinks did they go into the guest room after that?
lol @tigernightmare not mac!!
good night and hopefully the numbers will rack up while you get some shut eye?
we did it.... 3.7...  lets keep showing them what we can do.
i think making beaver the evil mastermind at the end of season 2 has seriously made some of you really paranoid about everyone.  next thing you know, mac is the secret ruler of an island-based terrorist autocracy.  also, keith is logan's real father.
i'm so excited!! ahhhh!!!
okay, its 2.35 am here, 3,7m reached, time to get some sleep.ood night everybody!
come on six more backers and i will fold my laundry!!
woot!
3.7!! yay! :)
woot! there it is!
it's much more exciting than that! the first time i saw the ball drop my friends had built it up so much i assumed it dropped really fast and dramatically, it was such an anti climax, this is more like waiting for the other shoe to drop from a very great height.
booyaw.  suck it, 3.6 million.
booom  3.7 mil!!!! at 9:33  easter standard time!
yes!!!!!!!!
finally, 3.7 million.
and there it is!  $3.7 million!  the wednesday goal: $3.8 million! :)
...and we've hit $3,700,000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tick tok lol
gnite lyz,   thanks!
@robin - except i'm actually watching this. i don't watch the ball drop at times square. therefore, i find this more interesting.
this is like waiting for the ball to drop at times square at midnight on new year's eve.
it's so close!... i want the best movie available... 5 mill is what thomas wanted... 8 mill is still not impossible.
good night jon
well all i am excited for a different reason than lyz... its been 16 hours at work today and finally i have my work finished!  now i can go home and wake up at 4:30 and come back again.... wait why am i excited about that??  oh yeah.. rack time!  330 bucks to the 3.7 mark!  see y'all tomorrow!
all calm now. or rather excited by the wait, 525$ until3,7m, hypntizing effect of the counter!
magan, thanks. still trying to calm down..
please no piz in this movie. i was super excited until i saw the mention of his name. love that article though! :d
lyz, i completely agree with you.  for all of the supposed "love" they had, duncan treated veronica pretty terribly throughout all of season 2.
almost at $3.7 million!  less than a thousand to go!
and you can not leave her  in the morning with her underwear on the floor§ hugh, i'll stop now, cause i'm getting angry again!!
piz is the only v live interest i didnt really care for even tho i was a love fan all of her love interest didnt bother me except piz and some of you are right he was too much of a wuss for veronica which is why he seemed weird and fishy lol
well maybe you can't stop love, but you sure can stop acting on it. and you can try and protect your "sister" when she's bullied in school. and you can be honest and talk with her. veronica an duncan back together in season 2 is something i could never swallow, it actually made me angry ( i'm curious to any girl/woman who can accept this). i almost stop watching... but beside this the show was so much fun
@patric i didn't write the blog and i think it was just meant to be silly.
@michelle i just almost spit out my dinner reading that - especially the final description of the donut
@michelle lmfao that was awesome! @patric c'mon sure the feelings are not turned off but people can have self control when they find out stuff like that. but i think the article is just for fun
@michelle gaeta: it was good on the first points and looked "professional" but then just went nuts. -999? and the person clearly hated duncan. :p when it comes to him having sex with veronica when he knew she could be his sister there are things people don't think about. 1. they where drunk! 2. duncan had just found out she could be his sister but he had been romantic in love with her for years.  3. there is no on/off switch for love! he had romantic feelings for her and that isn't something you just turn off. have him being drunk also just makes it harder. it's not like he grew up with her as his sister. they where in love and thoes where the feelings he had for her. think that you suddenly find out that your boyfriend/girlfrien is you brother/sister. would all your feelingts for that person just go away and suddenly be replaced with sibling-love?
oh the real thrill is frank capra paved the way for characters like veronica with movies like "it happened one night"
i think frank capra is a great name for hollywood... and most people don't read the names.
@phil anyone who knows where the last name capra comes from, i hope. oh, wait. this is veronica mars. :) we realize most people are dumb. :)
@phil  i did.   surprised me when i found out!
in the last 24 hours, we only raised another $39,940. get the message out there! use all social media! go old school and make posters to hang at the grocery store. i don't care how we do it... we just have to raise enough for an amazing movie! (you can look at my previous posts for other timed data.)
out of curiosity..how many people know francis capra (weevil) is italian?
@tabeth - youre welcome!   they have new ones on there too if you feel like flippin some extra coin!
here is a funny little blog someone posted rating piz, logan and duncan. http://foreveryoungadult.com/2012/02/28/a-highly-scientific-analysis-logan-vs-duncan-vs-piz/ i found it amusing.
thanks jon!  :)
we might make it to 3.7 tonight!
would you hang out with piz? well veronica is an embodiment of what we want to be. so if we wouldn't hang out with that wuss, neither would she, right?
i think i would've preferred to see marshmallow with marble mouth.  piz was okay. he wasn't my favorite love interest in veronica's love life.
i though piz was a nice guy too.  but i always thought he was kind of too much of a wuss to hang with v for any length of time.
@tabetha  look on amazon, i just bought mine  they have cds from 9.95 and up based on condition.  look here http://www.amazon.com/veronica-mars-various-artists/dp/b000axwh12/ref=sr_1_1_title_0_main…
piz just sucks... she's had a million love interests and logan=tool
piz is a nice guy and a good character, just not logan!  if he wasn't a love interest for veronica, i don't think people would care as much!
@tigernightmare, so true!!!  i, myself, suffer from this!  lol.
no i hated piz cuz he looked acted like a twit.  but i want veronica to hook up with wallace eventually because   he's the only completely not douche guy outside of keith in the show.
i just looked to buy the vm soundtracks, but all i can find are the mp3's for sale...  :(
i just want wallace back- now veronica's brother because keith and alicia are back together.
i'm thinking people were against piz because he suffers from a severe case of notloganitis.
@michael  i didn't realize they had one... silly me!  l@@king it up now!
you know i have never made so many comments on a topic in my life till now!
@ kate do you have the vm soundtrack?  i used to listen to it all the time.  i need to dig it out! :)
@jon aw, how beautifully said!
@l  yes let the script be a spring flowing from the mind of the artist who wrote the intriguing saga we all love so much.  guaranteed we're all going to love it.
(what i meant about aiming at kids had nothing to do with this show/movie directly whatsoever, i was just using it as an example about aiming thing in general, like how if an all ages/younger leaning movie or book ends up being written down to kids it often comes out worse than when it is simply written for all ages)
also, big thank you to whoever chose the music for vm. you deserve a medal. i owe my newfound sense of taste to you (and scrubs music as well)
yeah movies tend to be best when you write as you write them instead of focusing on pleasing say kids or this fan base or that. maybe you don't want to go in a radical 180 with everything and completely change it into something it wasn't and in that sense aiming to please fans might be reasonable at least to start.
did not mean that negatively at all, by the way. but i have been watching it go up and that's my guess.
i give it a week before we hit $4 million at the rate we're going. but that's ok. we still have three full weeks and a few days.
@tabetha..... donut run will change your life.
@michael - "and as i explained, it's hard to come up with stretch goals for a project like this. what can he do?" where they shoot it is a stretch goal, same for doing certain scenes (not something you can put as a stretch goal, but if it brings in tons more, maybe it catches enough attention and wb releases s1-3 on blu-ray, it was on hd on tv back when the seasons were running, but now days you can only get it in sd. i've been waiting for a blu-ray release of it for ages.)
@lyz   yeah we have just under 800 bucks to go for that one!   i should have bought stock in google!  you are right its a goldmine!
@ jon and google again! don't roll too far, but a big lol goes a long way when waiting for 5000 and some before 3,7m$
i am now on season two and getting more and more excited for the movie!  man i wish this show was back on the air!
@michael i think he will make a movie for the audience but not bc of the audience, if you understand what i'm saying. he seemed to already have an outline ready before this project even kickstarted. i know things can be re written but he created something amazing for 3 seasons and i chose to believe he will not compromise his creative control just bc it might piss some people off.  all i can hope for is a good story, i may have my preferences concerning love  and i'm not going to lie i will be disappointed if love isn't endgame but if the movie is great i will still be disappointed but happy at the same time lol ^_^
@lyz   hahahahahhaha! and now i'm roflmao!  thanks for the laugh!  i'm older than you think.. i just never grew up!
michael, tu parles d'or... litterally meaning your words are golden.
i cannot express how happy i am that this is happening.  we can never enough veronica mars, and that fact that we have well exceeded the goal makes it that much sweeter.  congrats to everyone who helped and are still helping to make this possible, and i can't wait to see it!
i want rt to honor fans by crafting the wittiest, most sarcastic, and funny heart-warming murder mystery homecoming movie ever.  i hope he doesn't feel restricted by fan expectations.  make a good movie.  treat the characters and fans with respect.  when the movie ends, make us scream for more.  and we'll come.  :)
veronica's still waiting by that expresso machine. your move, true love.
@michelle exactly, he just seemed so off and with the whole leaked sex tape etc idk i just felt like that was the direction rob would have taken it if he got another season. @tiger but thats vm its never what you expect and he my have seemed like that guy but was he really? throughout the series its always been the unexpected. i haven't watch the series in yrs but i do remember piz being so off to me lol
@jon, i had to go search on google to get the meaning of lmao... well, i'm french, an english acronyms are a bit far away from my practice of english... and i'm really older than you... but happy i made you laugh, laugh is good lmfao, ha: (google is a gold mine!!!) @tigernightmare, thanks. i won't say i liked all the storylines, especially in season 3, but as a mother of a young director and screen writer, as much as i know it's important for them to work for an audience (i'm a firm believer that creation becomes art,  when it meets an audience) , i know too that it's a complex process  that needs total freedom. freedom and responsibility... well it's becoming serious... let's laugh a little!!!
@emily i blame the cw anyway!
i never partook with the fan forums or whatever, but this piz backlash is kinda news to me.  i'm not terribly attached to him, but he seemed like a good guy.  he was innocent and not part of that secret society of rich douches as evidenced by the end of season 3.  as a character, he served his purpose, as a decent, somewhat reboundy new boyfriend that she probably didn't see a long term future with, but was nice enough to be around for the time being.  but it's been a while since i've watched, so maybe i'm missing something.
weird lilly, re-watching recently i kept expecting him to be behind the rape storyline too.  like that was what had happened, and i was actually surprised all these years later that i remembered it wrong.  he was just "not right" somehow.... though one of my favorite lines in the whole series was his.  talking to veronica about having "ted argent" on his show, and he just looks at her and says "everything north of san francisco is just thunderdome to you, isn't it?"  hilariously accurate portrayal of socal folks!!!
vm wasn't on the c-dub when paris hilton was in an episode.  i think joel silver is the one to thank for that wacked out cameo.  he's like good friends with her family and put her in house of wax a year later.
what reason would piz be in the movie tho? if its a high school reunion? unless he's with veronica still. and tbh like i said before i never liked his character and i always felt he was part of the rape/shaved head crime against those girls.
lol thanks @jon ^_^.
i actually really enjoyed the first two seasons... three was a little shaky though. i think i mostly wasn't feeling it from the new characters...especially piz.
i blame the cw for paris hilton.
with you, lyz.  i'm here because i love what he's created, warts and all, with not a tiny bit of me wanting him to be influenced by fan demands.  seasons 2 and 3 were enjoyable, but flawed because the entire show was about the lilly kane murder and then that was over and the writers have maybe a month to figure out an entire new season with characters that were tailored to season 1.  and maybe they don't have an immediate answer for mysteries they create (like lost) so we ultimately end up with unsatisfying conclusions (beaver) or storylines that were better left unexplored.  the point is, making 22 hours of story a year is exhausting and furiously difficult and we were lucky to have the show on at all.  warts and all, i enjoyed seasons 2 and 3.  rt will have ample time to create a satisfying, tight story that fits into one film that doesn't have secondary characters eating up time with c plots featuring special guest star paris hilton.  let's have some faith, here.
@lyz  lmao!  i would agree with @anna on part 1 paragraph 4, i'd like to see an enlarged role for weevil
@ kate i think you dodged a bullet.  i did get my first degree in film and let's just say there's a reason why i said "first degree."  ;) @ anna e i agree with you on #1 and #3.  #2... if it feels organic, okay.  but i don't want love to be forced down our throats and i don't want either of them to be in some fantasy land where they've just been in romantic limbo waiting for the other to come back into their lives again.  i can totally see logan having gone through a string of g/f trying to forget v, possibly even getting married and divorced.  veronica, i hope, has had at least one serious relationship since the show ended.  maybe that relationship is currently ongoing.  maybe it's super serious: she's engaged.  conflict = drama and not everyone gets a happy ending.  sometimes they do.... eventually.  maybe the timing isn't quite right yet.  but maybe something happens in this movie that sets in motion a series of events that does eventually bring logan and veronica together.  i just don't know, considering where they were at in s3, it all needs to happen in this movie.
lucky for us, r.t is no santa, but a talented screen writer very able to create the story by himself (or with trusty allies), while being considerate with his audience. anna, you're kidding, right?
that was supposed to read i used to watch vanderbilt lose...  lol
@stephen good for you,   great school!   i used to vanderbilt lose to you guys in football all the time!  (my was a vandy alum)   mit, uofm and ferris here...
someone needs to snag that last 5k spot, its been lingering for far too long.
dear santa thomas, to write the witty, cynical, heart-breaking and heart-warming script we’re all hoping for, let me suggest a return to basics: 1. crime, cover-up & corruption in neptune, ca, the “town without a middle class” – fearlessly uncovered with wit and verve by veronica, indefatigable champion of the  underdog. the more things change, after all, the more they stay the same: we aren’t in high school anymore, and please let us forget the college years, season 3, but the rich are still getting richer and the poor poorer. enter v mars, righter of wrongs… but seriously: all this talk of a high school reunion sounds gimmicky and unlikely: people like veronica do not go to their high school reunions (unless it’s to solve a crime – but even then it’s hard to see how setting the scene there wouldn’t feel gimmicky). and you don’t need it: just have veronica back in neptune, taking up the reins at mars investigations & give her a dark set o’ secrets to uncover. keith will have to be retired from the sheriff’s department, otherwise there will be no corruption and incompetence for veronica to mock and uncover. it’s too bad they killed off lamb – he was such a perfect foil. (“she’s eighteen! it’s legal! re-elect sheriff lamb!”) let us pray weevil gets a better story line than the cruel gods of season 3 afforded him: say he’s gone back to school, gotten his ged, owns his own auto shop and is now the leader of the law-abiding folks of the barrio that he was always fated to be. perhaps he’s running for some kind of political office? (people love a redemption story). and he’s happily married to carmen, the “neighborhood girl” he had a crush on long before lily, and has adorable kids of his own, not just nephews and nieces to squire around. seriously: he’s a good guy and a great character and deserves better than ending up the limping, scarred, ex-con maintenance man of season 3, overly dependent on veronica - if only because their relationship is much more interesting when he can help her as much as she can help him. and there should be at least one scene where weevil and veronica are solving a crime and keith walks in (“eli” – “sheriff”). and they should hug! - all these years & deaths & favors, and they’ve only hugged once. there will have to be a new evil elite, with a few old standbys for old times’ sake: madison sinclair obviously has to return, now the evil trophy wife of the newest most rich person in neptune. dick and logan both need to stop being the sad-sack lost boys of season 3. there’s interest to the story line of what happens to trust-fund kids when their inherited wealth ceases to guarantee them social dominance (aka the drunken surfing at the end of season 3), but both are more interesting as pseudo-amoral assholes (with the asshole certainly more on dick’s side than logan’s). 2. the epic romance. start with some angry flirting (a la season 1 & 2), gradual and infinitely sweet reconciliation (a la season 1 & 2), and finally – drumroll! – what we’ve been waiting all these long, cruel years for: the passionate, desperate smooch of the century. no one does it quite like logan and veronica, and to exclude that from the show would be like gutting its emotionally scarred, cynical, yet irrepressibly beating heart. but please: no more sad-sack logan, or at least a very little sad-sack logan (we do need that sweet & caring reconciliation). no one looks more like an abandoned five-year old still desperately looking for mama quite like jason dohring, but enough already. we love logan because he’s wounded, yes, and tortured, yes, and because (when we’re honest) he’s always beating people up who threaten the women he loves – but we also love sarcastic, devil-may-care, fearless logan. the logan who finally seems to be having fun at the end of season 3 because he’s beating someone up. that’s part of what makes the velo romance so inevitable: people like piz or parker are normal people who’ve led comparably normal lives. they care about what others think because that’s part of what having social ties means. they don’t break things and alienate people. but people like logan and veronica do…in fact, it’s what they’re good at. i am alarmed by what i hear of piz returning to the movie. i seriously hope it is not because he and ms v have ended up together. few things seem more likely. 3. the dandy warhols song, and preferably not the emaciated version of season 3. it should be a bit angry & raucous. the challenge, “bring it on now, sugar / bring it on, bring it on, yeah,” should sound like a challenge, for gods’sake. the sly, ferocious battle-cry of alienated high school girls everywhere, out to “get tough. and get even” (at least on the deserving.)
@non american/canadian backers i sent a question to rob thomas about the two final answers in the faq, asking for clarification. alex  mercer, who is a staff member, just e-mailed me that : "all pledges are included in the final number, it's just that you, as an individual, cannot give $25 three times and get a $75 award. kickstarter only records one support pledge per person. so, it would only count the last pledge of $25 dollars, or you would need to make one pledge for $75 to get to the $75 award tier. regardless, we cannot ship awards overseas yet. we are working to resolve that.
@ jon texas tech
i created a new marshmellow over the weekend, like the many times before, it was a very fulfilling process.
@michael i don't blame you, at times it was as if the network was trying to make sure people would *not* find it. jon's description is spot on though.
@stephen  good field my man!  that's what i'm into (hence the occasional nerdy twang in my posts)  what school?
i feel old.
@stephen nice! i like it . i was almost a film major though. i love the whole tv production process. which is why i'm so excited for these vm updates over the summer.
@kate very nerdy but electrical engineering. political science is my favorite non major subject. i took international politics but ran out of time to take women in politics.
@stephen political science. you?
@kate what subject area?
@kate sorry, couldn't resist!!!
@jon nice. :p
@stephen right there with you!!! i'm not re-watching any more episodes until my thesis is done (next monday)
@kate  better a hiatus than a "trip to the dentist"!
i stopped watching season 3 until after i defend my thesis. it is my driving force.
i had to take a minor hiatus after "spit and eggs" because i had finals and literally was not studying.... and i was way too emotionally invested.
@brent, @ kate.... totally agree... i think i watched the most of season 1 in a weekend when i got the box set!
@brent i think it's totally addictive. :d
@michael  it was a law enforcement type show where they solved cases together as a team.  each of the girls having their own set of skills and talents to add to the investigation.
@mansah, vm is addictive!??  yikes…my therapist says, i’m finally, completely over tv and popcorn… but...seems worth a risk (thanks for the link) ...@kate thanks.  yep, totally missed that.  must have been when i went out for a refill.  that’ll teach me to leave the player going… =-p ...stay mallow everyone!
(idk if this was already shared, but...) comic-conners: vmars has officilly scored a place in its line-up! http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/veronica-mars-movie-details-documentary-429688
i'm watching party down right now. hadn't heard of it before this project. :)
@ barb i've never heard of that show.  was it about a club of murderers or murder she wrote types? :)
@ kate,  i like my ice cream in a rum runner!  there's this place in clearwater i used to go to that makes awesome rum runners! @ barb...  you're welcome!!!
@ jon thank you! @michael actually, it was women's murder club. abc fired the original creators during the writer's strike in '08, did 3 more eps with a law & order producer and then delivered the final blow.
i don't even want her to die.  i'd rather have more amanda seyfried flashbacks than one second of paris hilton screen time.
ooooh getting close to $3.7 million. awesome!
new article talking about famous people who have been on the show. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/03/19/famous-veronica-mars-guest-stars_n_2909324.html… they talk about wanting paris hilton back...how about no. unless she is the girl that dies.
rocky road ice cream.....
i sort of went on a spree this weekend.  sugar, peanut butter, m&m and chocochip.  and brownies.  filling the void with baking, just like shirley.
@kate... that's how i lost my eyebrows....and my cat...
i'm happy with that..... i love community. can't bake though. burn house down. very sad.
too bad nice guys are boring.  can't there be anyone that's just happy to watch community while cookies bake in the oven?
608 til 6.7 million... something to get excited about!
i meant in real life. all my "bad boy" friends are forever that way. and kept at a distance for that reason. i do stand back and let my friends date them though. which i feel guilty about later.
@michael for some reason i thought of last resort and moonlight. but firefly works too.
i'm assuming barb's favorite show is firefly since she mentioned it didn't get a full season.  i'm a fan too!
spike?  sawyer?  they're kinda all that way.
oh logan..... if only there was such a thing as a redeemable bad boy.
i play on pc.
@kate  i'll do that.. it looks killer!  (literally)  what platform do you play it on?
@jon do it. it's amazing. mass effect 3 is...... insane. but you have to play all three to understand. it's sensational. @barb what was your favorite show?
"i think we have a choice. i think we could take a tough, but survivable amount of pain now, or stay together and deal with unbearable pain later. so i vote for the pain now."  logan seeing the big picture.
that's ok @ lilly  nothing wrong with being thorough!
oh lol i didnt see your post @july lolol
from rob thamos just now on twitter> @robthomas: attn vm fans: @imkristenbell & i are doing a live twitter chat this thurs @ 11 am pt. use hashtag #veronicamarsmovie & we’ll take questions.
wow. that's nice. too bad i don't use twitter or facebook.
@ rob i thought it was cool too, because i am a bsg fan too!  lol
from rob:  attn vm fans: @imkristenbell & i are doing a live twitter chat this thurs @ 11 am pt. use hashtag #veronicamarsmovie & we’ll take questions.
re: blu-ray the only reason dvd is still around is because bd has not yet reached the same amount of market penetration, although it is growing quickly.  i honestly feel that people are online streaming movies than they are buying dvds, but i could be wrong.  there's about three things that have a low likeliness of being released on the format: low-rated shows produced by nbc universal, shows that won't even get a dvd release and older legacy titles with low to middling popularity (like critters).  every new movie gets the treatment, pretty much.
dang android phone it freaked out on me and while i was trying to correct my previous post it sent it instead.
@ balabanto  i don't know what to do about that one. ibguss
12,500 to the big 3.7. but we shouldn't think that small. 12.4 million to 15. then we can talk serious!
see, that would be a good add on. additional signed movie posters for x as an add on. the movie should have an official tee-shirt that reads something like "veronica mars: marshmellow zombie!" on it or something like that to reflect the show being cancelled for 7 years. we could get a zombie version of kristen on the cover, with logan shambling after her. it would be great. and zombies are in. people will buy it by itself.
@michelle lol that is too funny! the odds of our comments posting together too, i love it. before i saw your last name though i thought perhaps you were a battlestar galactica fan and were referencing the character from that. with regards to the blu ray.. i donated 25. if i still had a job i would definitely donate 100 to ensure my blu ray copy has the kickstarter documentary. i really hope it's not an exclusive. that would be lame.
i know, i keep thinking of the signed movie poster too!  i mean, this is a part of history now, movie and kickstarter history, not to mention this show did launch many movie stars careers.... to have their signatures, especially on this project, might be worth a lot of money some day!
the hubby might want one of his own. what will you do then?
okay, so i couldn't take it anymore.....i kept hearing in my head signed movie poster, signed movie poster. lol!  so i had to up my pledge from $50 to $200 :))))). i'll just keep that from the hubby lol.
@ jon cool!  you won't regret it! :) average pledge amount as of now: $65.52 per person. $3,687,182 raised from 56,274 pledges.
@michael / kate  just looked that game up.. looks killer!  i'm going to buy it!
hi barb,  welcome aboard!  and let me that you are included in the awesome because you are here!  yeah its cool how persistence can pay off like that.  okay im going to show my nerd colors here, but remember the first star trek series was cancelled in very much that same manner as vm... and look how big that show grew up to be and the following it has!  a little early to start planning spin offs like veronica mars the next generation though eh?
hi--i just wanted to say that you are all awesome! a friend got me to watch veronica mars a while ago, and i like it a lot. it's amazing that you kept the passion alive all those years and are now rewarded for it. my alltime favorite show didn't even get one complete season, never had the chance to find its audience. for many reasons, that ship has sailed, literally, but i'm excited for all of you. this project marks a new way of communication with the powers that be, lending a voice to the fans. i've heard some critical voices, too, but this is your one chance--it would be crazy not to take it. keeping fingers crossed for that counter to go much higher.
a little off topic, but mass effect is awesome.  carry on... :)
but, if we pay the extra for the blu-ray now that money goes towards making a better movie being distributed! ;) once this chance is over, it is over....  i hope this is the best movie made yet and goes into a sequel!!! :)
@kate,  you got me there...  hey any day you wake up on the right side of the grass is a good one for sure!  i'll be ok, i'm a trooper always, just cant believe how much stuff can get thrown your way at any one time!
i asked rt about a bluray release earlier this week. he said it will be available for retail! @rob - nice last name!
i would be shocked and dismayed if this film doesn't get a blu ray release. i highly doubt it won't. even the tim and eric movie got released on blu and that was another small limited movie based on a tv show.  also, you won't have to worry about not being able to play a dvd copy cause all blu ray players are backwards compatible.
i just upped my pledge amount!  i went from the dvd pledge amount to the blu-ray amount.  1: because i want to back the movie, of course, and 2: because i am too worried that i won't be able to find this movie in blu-ray after the release, especially with all of the extras.  the quality of blu-ray really is a lot more clearer and god forbid, if we end up phasing out regular dvd players and i am unable to play my vm movie, lol!  this really is such an awesome thing to be part of.  this show was not only such a phenomenal show, but got me through a rough time in my life as well...it was something to look forward to and get lost in.  as silly as it seems, this movie being made is a little ray of sunshine in my life right now!
@jon :( you could be locked in a fridge while your ex-boyfriend's dad tried to burn you alive. so, plus side right?
@kate lol, never played mass effect,  i'm more of an unreal tournament guy.  but yeah i'm sure it will get better soon.. it sure as hell couldn't get any worse!
ok, i gotta go for a few hours, but when i come back, i wanna see that counter at $3.7 million, and still climbing! :)
@jon i'm sorry..... it helps to escape reality for a while.... i also play a lot of mass effect to remind myself that as bad as things get, i could be fighting reapers. really though, i hope it gets better for you.
@kate  could use some of that magic now... going through some really rough times here myself.
it is interesting to me that there are almost 200,000 facebook likes, but only 56k backers.
got me through my worst semester in college. really rough times.
is rt and gang purposefully waiting to release stretch goals at a later time to boost donations, say like halfway through? that's the only reason i can think of that they haven't posted any stretch goals, even if it's just 2 or 3.
@ noisebot, to get a blu-ray, it seems you must pledge $100 (+$10 for canada). @ jon, jason, and kate  it's officially a veronica mars love-in! 8^d
@jon @kate @plus 8  my story is that veronica pulled me out of a foxhole in nam and therefore, i have to watch and enjoy her show or america will die.
15983 away... come oooon totals
@noisebot dvd isn't even close to remotely dead but yes. and your blu ray player will play it... you see all those blu ray/dvd combos? it's because people are still worried blu ray wont make it and those make it safe to buy because blue ray is the more likely format to die out.
@jon i totally agree
@kate... my story is that i'm a really busy guy not able to watch tv much.. i missed the first and part of the second season.  it wasn't till my tivo caught it as a suggestion.  i watched it and i loved it!  i had to go out and buy the season one and two dvd's just to catch up.   and then to my horror the show was cancelled...  my last memory of the show...  veronica casting her vote for sheriff with a misty-eyed look.  its nice to be able to talk with other fans of the show!
yay for allowing canadian backers! now one thing to clarify... when the reward says "a dvd copy of the movie", that's like an actual, near dead tech, standard def dvd and bluray is only available for double the dvd reward (or more)?
almost to $3.7 million! we can do it!!!!!
from marshmellows to browncoats to the scooby gang, we welcome you all (as well as your donations) to this safe haven of cult show love.  ;-)
@michael my roommate has seen the show but isn't a really passionate fan like me (she likes the real housewives.... she's a good person though, so it balances out) most of my friends won't donate because they don't see the point. i've tried to convince them but college kids are surprisingly stingy, except when it comes to spending on alcohol. i hope i can at least vent my crazy happiness somewhere that people get it. :)
@ kate, aw, that reminds me of when buffy was on.  i had no one in real life to talk to about that show and had to find people on the internet to share my love with.  i think there's a much more open geek culture now than there was 10 - 15 years ago.  now i have several friends with similar interests.  i think everyone was just in the closet back in the day.  ha ha.  anyhoo, maybe this movie will create some new fans and you'll have plenty of people to talk to! :)
i wish they would release the veronica mars game like they did with nancy drew. that would be sweet.
hey marshmallows and cloud watchers!!! http://www.eonline.com/news/398634/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return… this is amazing! what do we need to do to organize a huge fan request for netflix to bring back vmars episodes just like they did for arrested development? after the movie of course! yay! i'm in vmars heaven right now!
well if he does read this: i don't care what you do, you're awesome, i love your show. i don't have many friends that i can talk to about vm, hence my posting here. please don't be influenced by anything i say. much love!
17900 to 3.7! we can do this today!
i'm certain that there's specific things rt wants to do and putting some of them into specific stretch goals can earmark money towards those specific sequences if they are met, with the most important goals being first and things like action set pieces last.  it's hard to figure out hypothetical logistics, but it's definitely something worth thinking about.
international kristen nib rob in the ears and speak woman! international global worlddominating thinking. you guys on veronice mars are loved every where!
well put, @michael! i agree.
@cat, i think you are absoloutely right! ;)
by the way, i still love hercule poirot. that's not a bad resolution. it's just a different resolution.
from his twitter: rob thomas‏@robthomas hey canada, just a reminder that we're shipping our #veronicamarsmovie @kickstarter rewards to you now
the other thing is that action scenes eat  up cash. if you have a 5 million dollar movie, you have a hercule poirot type resolution. if you have a 10 million dollar movie, you have a shootout type resolution.
per rob thomas in the below article. "the movie is outlined, but frankly, i needed to know how we were doing to figure out how to model the script and how to write it. there are very specific things that are going to be affected by what our budget is," he says. for one, thomas wants to be able to shoot in southern california, where the series was originally set. that's more expensive than, say, vancouver or michigan, but the palm trees are worth it....there’s an altercation [at a high school reunion in the film], and how much money we raise affects whether that is having terse words exchanged or a full-on brawl," he adds. "one if we hit certain dollar amounts, and the less spectacular if we haven’t."
@kate: i never doubt that you or someone else here wants to influence rob but i think he reads more of our statements than we think!
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/veronica-mars-movie-details-documentary-429688
oh what i forgot: i don't think we really need stretch goals, just international shipping ;)
i seriously doubt anything i say would influence rob thomas's opinion. at least, i hope not. that's not my intention.
let's see. 200 percent! we will add another premiere. 300 percent! add four more theatres! 400 percent! add dinner with a cast member as a tier.
@jdl how did you guess?
@kate logan and keith?
as michael said, if you shoot for 60 on kickstarter, you damn well better get it or you get 0, not 30. indiegogo, on the other hand, supports a partial funding method.
i'm kidding. of course...... *ahem*
i totally agree with michael!  another thing that bothers me are statements of backers that might influence rob too much... things like "we want logan an veronica and up together" an so on. i think rob always did a very good job when he was writing scripts for the episodes and i think it'd be better not to talk too much about these things here. rob already said he thinks about giving the people what they want ... but the problem is that there are different opinions. so i'm sure that rob will do a great job and if some of us aren't pleased with what he'll have done then we can start another kickstarter for a second movie ;)  how do you think of that? is anybody else thinking like me?
he can do a big wedding scene.... for two characters (no idea who they would be)
my point is, since kickstarter is all or nothing, rob thomas had to set a reasonable goal, a minimal amount he could do the movie for.  $2 million is a lot of money (just not so much to make a movie with).  he hoped they would make at least that much after 30 days, not in less than 24 hours.  you can't change the goal after the fact.  and as i explained, it's hard to come up with stretch goals for a project like this.  what can he do?
ahh. so nice. 18.7 to go before 3.7. high gear, everyone! keep those pledges coming!
@michael you have to consider the following. the bigger you think, the higher your end result. trust me. this is exactly the same thing as what the best salespeople do. you have to put your mind at a high total, but accept reality when the end result comes in. if you shoot for 60, you might get thirty. if you shoot for 10. you'll get 5. push. you'll like the results.
i wouldn't categorize $2 million as a "low goal."  how many kickstarters ever hit that amount?  rob thomas had to pick a conservative number to increase the chances of success.  no one could have predicted it would meet its goal on the first day.  stretch goals are also hard to define for a project such as this.  obviously the more money they have to work with, the more options they'll have.  but they can't exactly say "if we hit $3 million we'll guarantee every actor in the movie!  if we hit $4 million we'll shoot in 3d!"  it's just not practical.  the script hasn't even been written yet.  there are still 24 days left.  $4 million is almost a certainty.  i'm sure we can even hit $5 million.  beyond that, who knows?  i just hope the international roadblocks get worked out soon.  :)
those are good calls. they might still be monitoring where pledges are coming from. there's a premiere on each coast and one in the south. they might do one more in the midwest. i would bank on it being in chicago if they attempt it.
any chance we can get long-sleeve-t-shirts, or printed copies of the script?
they're a little young. :) but it would be nice to have the president show up at one of the premieres.
if barack's not a fan, one can hope his daughters are...
it's always such a hard push, the last 20,000 to the next milestone.
is barack a fan? that would be awesome.
@lee dempsey, thanks. a little late, but i was out tracking french news about the project to send to kickstarter, i asked them if i should, and if i should wait for the international issue to be resolved, the answer was "sent your news, i don't mind if it's french". perhaps if the internationals do the same, it can help tptb to measure the international support, and speed the process!
@lee i'm just thinking how i want veronica to graduate into the medium, making a bang-up production that will create not just a great film, but a great franchise.  she's going to be exposed to an entirely new audience and for them to respond to her, we need to do a little better than a "talkie".  shooting digital instead of film will save a ton of money and will work for this kind of movie, but i'm a bit skeptical that it would be good for the film.  the show itself wasn't without its technical scenes and neat camera work with cranes and dolly tracks and whatnot.  also, they set keith on fire.
i saw the u.s. president today. didn't get a chance to ask him to donate, but if i do i will let y'all know. :)
i did hear about the mars bars campaign. it was a little before my time, though.
a lot of stuff happens in new jersey that you just don't hear about.
you might be surprised, courtney.
@balabanto  by the sound of tesd, doesn't sound like kevin smith is in red bank very often.  you know, since he lives in ca.
@ tigernightmare yeah, depending on equipment rental, permits, time etc. shooting technical scenes takes more time. fortunately we are now in an era that shooting with an slr and self-editing tools can be a very cost-effective method and produce hd results for very little money. if rob wants to save some cash and doesn't feel busy, he could always do it that way, but although some movies have sneaked in additional footage with an iphone i don't think filming everything that way is how i would want this to go. :) i don't need a car chase for this. but i wouldn't say no.
@lee i agree that an indie movie can look pretty good, but there's a hard ceiling to hit.  my favorite movie is memento.  looking it up now, the budget was $9 million.  that movie had three main actors and six supporting actors.  there were a few stunts from a couple fight scenes, a rented jaguar, and mostly shot on location.  from what i can tell, much of the money was spent on the camera work.  i don't really understand the logistics, but if you want to film a car that screeches to a halt on a city street and that's like 5 seconds long, that costs something like 30 times as much as filming a quiet 10 minute scene in a diner with 10 extras or so.
consider that many scenes can be pulled off by rearranging a few chairs and a lot of closeups.
@ tigernightmare there are plenty of good-looking low budget movies. try the uk film monsters and that had some decent alien fx and exotic location shooting. for a movie like vm, which is primarily an urban character drama it can be pulled off. if the actors are working for scale and the script is good the budget is easy to hide.
it's kevin smith. go to the comic book store in red bank and ask. i might.
and most of the other $2 million films were either b movies or complete pieces of crap.  critters.
did kevin smith pledge?  just watched the episode with him in it.   i saw that jason mewes' wife, jordan tweeted about this project!
@michael i agree completely.  i expect rob thomas to have something by the end of the week so people have more than a general idea of what the money is going to, even though most of us already know that it's a really low budget for most films.  i can't even find that elusive $2 million film unless it was super indie where you can tell it wasn't expensive (you and me and everyone we know) or really, really old (disney snow white, from russia with love) which inflation would probably add another digit to.
you and i may realize that just because we met the goal it doesn't mean we'll get the absolute best possible movie (more money=better film)... but when you're nearly 200% above goal, others don't necessarily see it that way.
and anyone interested in stats should install the kicktraq browser plug-in. it will give you an instant graph on the project home page so you can easily see the progress.
@tigernightmare: that's why we need stretch goals. information on how and where the extra money will be used.
@ lyz kicktraq projections and trends mean almost nothing until the last few days. there are far too many variables over the length of a project that can affect the outcome. until then kicktraq is just throwing out a stat based on recent trends. if an asteroid hits the earth it will probably go down. if nathan fillion gets announced as a guest star it would probably go up. etc. ;)
@ tet and i was agreeing with you.
almost all projects start with their biggest numbers, then a steep drop, mostly steady for 7/8 of the middle, then a slight uptick by the end.  our dailies are starting to flatline.  i hope we haven't run out of steam.  there are people who haven't pledged because they think the really low goal was reached and that's good enough.  so the question is, how do you get people to back a successful kickstarter in order to make it even better?
lyz, not liz, sorry. i like the secont tab: pledges per day and backers per day. some of us guessed how it went, but there you have numbers.
@ liz  that's a good site. i think it shows how much it may be if the pledging goes on like it did up to now. look at the first two tabs, they are most interesting.
@lyz it's a projection based on how these things usually go.  it can easily be wrong and it can have a minority report effect to exceed the high expectation, but it's generally a good projection based on other kickstarters, average backers and average dollars per day.  i still think there's some hardcore fans out there that don't know about this, but they must not have internet access or something.
my senior citizen cat wishes me to take a time out for petting. talk to you folks later.
all right. if that's the case, we want 20 percent over that number. 19.2 million, people! minimum! let's get it!
did anybody see the projection on the kicktraq page? http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/#chart-exp-projection it shows a final amount between 8m$ and 14m$, what does it mean?
ok, balabanto, i will! thanks for the encouragement!
@melissa: i work in a sales position. this is how you lose dollars. don't set your sights low on 4 million. set your sights high. 15. 25. 35. 40. be so brave that you dare to fight the sun!
have a great day vm fans!!
someone posted another interview with rob on the neptune rising forum, all about the storyline he is going to do and the characters he wants, very interesting stuff
@balabanto, i agree, wholeheartedly. it's not over til it's over, and it's certainly not over yet. with 24 more days to go, we could easily hit $4 million.
@emit well, when we hit 15, i'll consider this a lock. i know this is a labor of love for these guys as much as it is for us, but i would like them to actually get paid.
@ balabanto it was indeed insane! a lot of fun too. we had so much momentum going back then. very much like it is now, on a smaller scale. but we had so much positive energy. look where it eventually got us!!! :o)  closing in on 4 mill!
which brings me to my next point of why we will not only succeed, but hit fifteen million. we're veronica mars fans. we change the world.
when snickers changed the name of the mars bar in three quarters of the states of the union because of us, it became a snickers almond. :) you may not be familiar with this, but when it was still a mars bar, we sent the cw boxes of them. it was insane. there was some backlash from m+m mars, so they made it a snickers almond.
snickers with almonds instead of peanuts?
@emmanuel: more positive thinking please. big threats never get you anywhere with multinational conglomerates. they're working on it.
what the "f" is a snickers almond?
hey warner, don't worry if you don't deliver to france ; i'll give less, and find the movie online.
it might be a decent film, but i sort of detest the concept of remakes, especially remakes of relatively modern films that still really hold up.  there should be a law that says they need to wait 50 years.  more original stories and less franchise building, please.
@kate: hungry? try a mars bar. let's just get them to bring back the thing's real name now instead of "snickers almond."
i know, right. why make a remake of robocop anyway? why not make a sequel. it's not like he could die of old age, you know.
you're not the only one who thinks warner brothers is behind on the paperwork. i'm in the us. i know they're behind on the paperwork. americans do paperwork the way that a three year old plays cards-52 pickup.
if the reunion brawl involved everyone hitting each other with baguettes, i would love this movie even more. sorry not sorry. :)
they really need to look at how much of this money has been raised by international backers. originally we thought we just weren't eligible for rewards so many of us went ahead and backed anyway. now reading the updated faq its says they may not be able to charge our cards of accept money from us. i'm from the uk and i backed this, i've seen others post from australia and france (and i don't doubt there are countless more) they may be in for a shock at the end if the international situation is not sorted and our pledges are not included. first we were stiffed with no rewards (honestly what sort of rights are needed to send us a t-shirt, or even make messenger bags with the logos, posters etc if the movie rights are too difficult to arrange dvd/blu ray rewards.) and now our money may be no good. i'm all for the movie happening hence trying to do my bit, i adore the show and the talented people behind it but surely they should have anticipated international appeal.
yeah. and now robocop is being remade. i have much lower hopes for that than i do for this movie, trust me. without dick jones, ed 209, "halt, you are under arrest" and the freakishly nasty commercials, i don't know if this can be done.
oh, sorry, i must be thinking of something else.  robocop cost $13 million.
robocop was made with $2 million.  i think clerks' budget was $27,000.  it really depends on how wise they are with the money.  i would like them to be in more than one location and not have that reunion brawl to involve baguettes, though.
the movie will be awesome regardless of the amount. it's just amazing to show that there is still a huge fan base!
we should be at 3.7 million by around four o clock.
bradley cooper cameo?
like i said earlier. el mariachi, 10 thousand bucks or something like that. and that movie expended a lot of ammo.
i'm taking a break from my logan crusade. :)
they made rocky with $1 million and beasts of the southern wild with $1.8 million. just to put it into perspective..... oh and kristen bell and dax shepard's movie hit and run had a $2 million dollar budget.
i love that name, tiger nightmare. it makes me want to change my name to "tiger uppercut." :) yes. i'm a geek. but i'm an old geek.
morning, marshmallows.
and the counter just keeps rolling on. it's still at 2-3 backers per minute, which is astounding. average pledge has increased by .4. we're at 65.5 per backer. this is fantastic.
wahh! i was hoping to wake up to 3.7 million. that would have been nice.
niklas sjöstedt: i said without
lee dempsey: i was referring to l's comment
done! don't need any rewards just to see the movie is enough for me!
@robyn, very true. all i'm saying is that there will be ways of showing the love afterwards. also, i'm guessing some of those people who haven't been able to donate may live near to a large group of people who has. also, i'm hoping the film will be such a surprising hit, among people who didn't watch the series, that eventually it will open in more places -and for it to be released outside of the us/canada which i don't think is the plan yet. (i'm thinking the way a film like amelie or similar foreign language films suddenly become quite big hits and are suddenly shown in cinemas which normally only make space for the blockbusters). delusional? perhaps. but i choose optimism... :p
@mansah they said they were trying to schedule releases near where the bulk of the backers lived... i'm not thinking that they'll open in an area where no one donated from...
yeah, hopefully people who are kept from acting as backer now by random restrictions or other things will rally their forces once the film hit 'a cinema near you' or become available in shows/online. plenty of opportunity to impress wb with the need to keep the sequels coming there :p
@ tami @ cerity sometimes to circumvent the credit card restriction for backers, project managers will create a paypal account running similar awards. however i think if rob thomas tried to suggest that, warner bros. would implode. :)
whoops, forgot to mention, not everyone backing has to be 1 person, pool funds if needed/wanted for those super extra exclusive swag you're eyeballing, think 'travelling pants' of neptune.
@tami unfortunately, for 'pledging' as a 'backer' here you need 1)a kickstarter account and 2)an amazon account there are all sorts of arrangements for this, as others have mentioned with overseas cards and also gift cards work when linked to the emazon account. note: when you are relying on a fixed budget at least for your initial pledge be sure you understand the 'foreign transaction' fees. also even your favourite bank / issuer may charge an extra fee depending on whether you use the bank account/credit/debit option. but what's 2.9% (chase for ex) when we are talking about seeing the neptune gang, 10 years later. priceless!
@ rhys yeah, i don't think anyone here is not going to get the chance to see the movie on release. ;) if wb don't want to be involved in that then they have only themselves to blame really. when the audience wants to give you money, it's better for everyone involved if you work something out to allow that.
my impression is the main issue is something about the cards and what will be accepted and how. i have a non-north american credit card but had made a pledge with a reward because i had a us address to ship to. the faq made me think this wouldn't be possible but when i asked about it they said not to worry because my card had been cleared and that they were trying to find out 'under what circumstances' the site was accepting foreign money. i do reckon this is something that will eventually be sorted -and that physical goods will be made available elsewhere. it might be more demanding to settle on distribution of digital copies of the film to x countries around the globe where the local distribution rights might belong to who knows who...
@ tet $4 million is an easy reach. during the mid-project lull it only takes a third-party feature or the project to be featured on the ks home page to provide a significant bump and towards the end of a project there is always a rise in donations as you said. even if it's just from existing contributors to achieve some arbitrary goal. for example, if say, netflix announce that they will pick up a series option if the movie hits 5 million, then i expect quite a jump. ;)
@ danielle the faq is not wrong. it's not about shipping, it's more about the control of the finished product and where the money and responsibility with wb global lies. i would not be surprised if a tax/physical goods factor is involved too. if you want to give more money it should not be an issue. you can try it by just just changing your reward total to any amount. as long as you select no reward or the $10 tier you should be able to contribute as much money as you want to.
@niklas as long as i can see they were only able to change it for canadians. we europeans (i think we both are?) have to wait and see. we hope they will manage within the next three weeks. and then you will watch us updating !!!
hmm i notice now that they have changed the international thing, when did they do that ? (and why haven't they posted an update about it?)
i meant to say ppl like me who has backed at the 10$ level upgrading to higher levels, heh.  :p
tet yoon lee: if they manage to solve that international thing before the end of the kickstarter campaign i'm sure you would get a surge of new backer and ppl like me who has backed at the 10$ level because it's the only one available to me.
bam! 56k backers! way to go all fans!
btw, i've kind of given up on speculating on funding totals but $4 million seems a little low even without stretch goals or opening up to non us/canadian backers. even if we drop to $20k per day average from here on in without any peak at the end, we'll still be $4.11 million. and while yesterday was $47k and we still seem to be dropping, i don't know if as low as $20k average is likely, plus most projects like this have some sort of peak at the end even if the size varies.
just three more backers and i can go to bed with 56k :-p
l: what stretch goals? if there are stretch goals they don't seem to be included either in the main project page or the updates which is where most people would expect them to be. it's no use having stretch goals if no one is aware of them. so far all i've seen is a bunch of joking stretch goals on twitter as well as fan jokes/proposals and discussion of what happens if they get x amount of money.
i didn't like parker either. she just seemed...i don't know, selfish? like it really made me mad that she was supposedly veronica's friend but didn't seem to care that someone filmed her with out her knowledge. like i know it sucks to find out that your boyfriend is still hung up on his ex but no sympathy for veronica at all? and really i just logan's act of violence as more of a concerned friend. yes in reality he was still in love with her but i think all of veronica's (at least) male friends would have done the same as logan, maybe even mac too.
great, i will tell them to investigate further thanks :o)
@tami - i think they could still do debit, as long as it connected with their amazon account but i'm not 100 sure.
i know of a couple of people who want to pledge but don't have a credit card
i wonder if the people at wb ate all the snicker doodles, marshmallows and mars bars we sent them. i wonder if our vm love packages worked :o)
and only 140 more comments to 4,000!
@michael i'm with you, the only character i didn't care for, and not really based on personality or anything, was parker, she just seemed like a pointless character, other than the rape arc at the beginning of season 3 she didn't have much to do and definitely didn't need to be part of the regular cast. although now that i think about it i feel the same way about jackie in season 2, should have just been recurring, not main cast.
call me a soft-sell but: i'm pro-logan, pro-wallace, pro-mac, and, yes, very much pro-piz!
and 25 to go! just a few more backers to 56,000!
31 to go! show us your marshmellows!
45 more backers to 56,000. remember the key rule! all it takes is one!
sheriff van lowe. icky.
yeah, my pledge is as high as it's going.  really, i think i pledged too much considering my circumstances, but i had to support this project!!!
i'm praying (with pure heart - god, are you listening?) that they bring back ken marino as vinnie van lowe. he is hilarious and awesome!
so excited for this! :d
my twelve year old cat is very excited about hitting 56000 backers. she's a purring fool.
wow. look at that counter go. we may very well have 3.7 by morning.
@ phil i doubled mine already. i don't want to go broke.
well, ok... i concur that pervy websites are very creepy...
really? running a pervy website is less mischievious? i think we might have different definitions of this word.
@balabanto: of course, of course. :) but that was season 1 logan. the later versions of him were less mischievous... :)
@melissa don't do anything logan would do. (i.e. arrange bum fights. get arrested. score dope and run a porn website.) on the other hand, it might be a better movie if the first scene is veronica waking up next to another woman, or logan waking up next to a dude. :) we live in a modern age. :)
i think they underestimate the drive of fans to see this on the big screen. if the show had three million fans, which it is supposed to have, less than 2 percent have created the movie. if you reach a third of the audience and get them to pledge 50, you just got your film made.
i will do anything to see this movie. i don't care if i have to take a roadtrip to la...i am seeing this movie!
i don't know.  silver linings playbook was under 400 theaters for the first 6 weeks of its release.  and that starred mr. hangover and katniss everdeen.  i don't imagine vm will open in more than a few hundred theaters.  if it's a big success, i'm sure they'll expand, but i think this is pretty much a cult film.  i'd love to be proven wrong, though! :)
:)
i'm sure you won't have trouble finding a theater that's playing the movie, it won't be in 5,000 theaters like a big blockbuster, but it won't only be in a hundred like an indie either. i'm guessing it'll start around 1,000-1,500 theaters.
i am sure when it gets closer to the end more people will up their pledge amounts, i hope.....
i did just read that rt is doing more press for this because kristen is too pregnant at this point.
reading that they will only be releasing this movie to a limited number of theaters, i will definitely be upping my pledge to make sure i get a blu-ray copy of the movie... now if only i had $5,000 to pledge to rent a theater out near me to be sure this movie would play in a theater in my hometown....
i thought maybe kristen bell would go on some talk shows to promote the kickstarter campaign, maybe she will when it gets closer to the end, although maybe not since they've already surpassed their goal. plus, she might be to pregnant at this point to go out and promote.
i wish i could, phil, but i am at the mercy of knowing how much my bonus is in a few days. on 3/25, i'll know what i got and then i can think about it.
everyone raise their pledge by twenty bucks!! l
i wonder how much it is to post an add in the movie theaters, on the screen before a movie starts?.....  it could be something like, "want to be part of something incredible?"  "want to be part of a movie?"; "why just watch a movie, when you could be responsible for a movie that is made?";  "contribute to the veronica mars movie project today!"... something like that, lol!
the question is, can 107 backers get us to 3.7 million?
@gregory - sorry - i misread you comment about thinking that mac only met veronica in college.  sorry about that.
@gregory - veronica and mac went to high school together.  you may be confusing mac with her college roommate parker.  tina majorino is currently recurring on grey's anatomy, but 1) she doesn't have a contact yet for next season 2) even if mousy is back they shouldn't be filming ga at the same time 3) shonda rhimes loves veronica mars and would probably cooperate to let tina film both simultaneously if necessary.
i was just thinking: if kevin smith was into this project, then maybe people who follow him and/or who are involved on his fan pages might be too!  any contributions help!   ;)
let's try for 56000 by morning!
if you want to find out if kevin smith backed the project, check the list of 55878 backers.
i just re-watched the episode with kevin smith, "driver-ed" i think it is. he is a big fan, i'm sure he he knows about the kickstarter campaign. @kathryn i have high hopes for mac coming back considering some of the rewards include her signature or a voicemail message from her. i read on yahoo that she's a long shot for coming back because she's so busy, they also said that she wouldn't fit into the high school reunion plot because she didn't meet veronica until college, which is as we all know completely untrue, so i take it the writer of that article had no idea what he/she was talking about.
@phil sorry to hear about your news-you've been pretty active here, and i'm sure lots of people are wishing you well
@tabetha - kevin smith is friends with vm producer dan etheridge and tweeted his support on the first day.  i don't know if that means financial support.  you can tweet him at @thatkevinsmith
kevin smith has tweeted about this kickstarter, so he is well aware.  i'm sure most hollywood types are as this has been making news in the past week.
there's a facebook page too for this effort if you want to get word out to your networks. anything helps.
i wonder if he (kevin smith) would be a backer of this project?   does anyone know of a fan page of his where we could post a link to this project?  i looked for a facebook page, but there were too many kevin smith's that came up.  if someone knows of one, could they please post this link on that page and ask for support?
@tabetha - big enough fan of the show that he appeared in a season 2 episode. can't look at him without hearing the magic schoolbus song.
i thought i heard that kevin smith was a huge fan of the show too... did anyone else hear the same?
25 days is a long time. this will hit $5m great cameos like joss whedon would be excellent too
some mars investigations gear would be awesome: pen, mugs, license plate cover, bumber stickers, stickers...
there are already stretch goals. as of now it sounds like it's filming in baton rouge. first that is simply brutal in the summer and everyone will look like drowned rats. it's the worst weather in the world there in the summer.  second, it doesn't exactly look like socal where the show was set and lots of cinematography and settings will have to be totally changed. so if you want to look like veronica mars man we gotta get this to that $5mil for sure i think. at this rate it looks like it is only squeaking to $4mil maybe. maybe they can add a couple more premieres and get another $270k right there?
does anyone know if mac would be coming back?
stretch goals will help too. i know people (not me) who aren't contributing because the initial goal has been surpassed already.
i was hoping leo would return, even if it was only for one scene. :)
let's hope for $4 million by the end of the week! it'll take a few days, but we can do it! :)
i love this: "max is driving a hard bargain to reprise his role as deputy leo. his direct quote was that he'd take no pay and fly himself to the set," thomas said. that's dedication to the show/movie. i hope that he doesn't have to do that, though. it'll be fun to have him in the movie.
we will likely see a steady rise as word gets out but a bigger rise when international issues are worked out and as more tiers are added.
$4 million won't happen tonight.  maybe by friday unless there's a big surge in pledges.
can we make 4 million tonight?
@lj  that's true. interesting.
moah updates!
not going to lie, piz is one character i could care less about coming back. i just couldn't connect to him he was annoying lol http://www.huffingtonpost.com/mobileweb/2013/03/18/veronica-mars-movie-rob-thomas-interview_n_2886643.html…
i know, right?!?
i want to know who voted "the show was cancelled for a reason."  what???!!!
there is a little pole at the end of this article that you might be interested in giving input on! ;) http://newyork.newsday.com/entertainment/things-to-do/hudson-buzz-1.3774483/veronica-mars-movie-max-greenfield-on-board-says-show-s-creator-1.4808658
tragedy has crushed my life today.... it's sad that i am using this as something to cling to... up your ante people... whether it's this or something else you care about.... happiness is making other people happy.. and heartbreak is....well... life.
@ mary, yes.
do i need to add ten dollars if i want something to be shipped to canada?
so stoked to hear we'll be able to catch up with veronica, wallace, logan & the gang in 2014! can't wait to see what the alumni of neptune hs have been up to since graduation. murder or some other felonious activities? or maybe a class reunion with a body count?
follow the link for spoilers/ new plot info: http://www.cinemablend.com/new/veronica-mars-movie-plot-details-reveal-murder-mystery-36418.html
will logan have lip injections in the movie?
q: is  logan taking after his father or mother?
in the last 12.5 hours, we've gained an additional $30,367 in pledges! check back on my previous comments to see how it compares.
could i get the blu ray/dvd of this movie when it comes out for cheaper? "sure", but the money i will be paying wouldn't be going to making an even better movie at that point, only more too executives!  the more money we give here, the better the movie we are helping to create!  i hope everyone realizes what a once in a life time chance we have here!  vm fans are awesome!
@lee dempsey pretty sure that the pb will be able to get the movie to me, no matter where i live.  -_- take note, it's not pirates that are ruining movies - it's the people telling us not to pirate while refusing to sell us the product legally.
@michael,  for sure i could totally buy into the divorce motif on logan's post neptune bio!
@lilly  that is so true, but yes i meant the latter part where it would be unnatural for them to not have seen anyone!  i'm with you there!   still stuck at work here :(  i wanna go home!
@michael i can agree with that.
@ lilly, they don't have to both be in a relationship.  i can totally see logan being divorced already or veronica in a mundane relationship, perhaps engaged to a guy whom she feels is "good for her" but she's not really passionate about.  i would just find it convenient if logan and veronica were both single and looking for love when the movie starts.
@katie :d
@marlena lolol!!! touche @jon i prefer her and wallace friendship over anything tbh.  & that wouldn't be unnatural to not be in a relationship for their high school reunion. what would be unnatural is if they never got involved with anyone at all.  why do they have to be involve with someone just bc its been 9 yrs ; ) (@marlena lol ) maybe they just got out of a relationship or maybe they decided to be single bc their last relationship was too much. who knows.
i'm hoping the dandy warhols get a cameo.
@lee dempsey and @michael then why did on the vmmp home faq they post: i want to pledge, but i live outside of the us and canada. can i simply have my rewards sent to a friend in the states and have them ship them to me?  not really. our issue isn't with shipping. it has to do with how we accept money the rest of the answer is in material to me, i want to make sure my pelage it received, i'm not concerned about rewards.
just like lilly kane.....
sorry for the typo.. yes there two "l's" in lilly  =)
@lily  - yeah... its too  bad too wallace is such a great guy.  the kind of friend you wish you had in real life.
@jon @michael yeah..... you guys do have a point
@ jon i think we're on the same page.  :)
@ kate @michael  well i am certain he wants to make us fans happy but i for one am looking forward to series of twists to keep me on the edge of my seat! seriously though it would definitely be weird if v & l came back to neptune unattached,  that just wouldn't be natural.  unless each was so busy and absorbed in their own lives that there was little time for anything else for carrying torches for each other.  but how seriously far fetched is that!  logan would have to have done some serious growing up in order for me give my stamp of approval though i tell you that.  that poor guys head has been messed up for a while.  it will be very interesting to see how he's turned out after a few years have passed.
@lily - well, if it's a high school reunion, nine years since season 3 ended, but your point certainly still stands.
@jon that's exactly how i feel about wallace/veronica o_o
@lilly yay! my ally is back!
keep in mind its been 10 years since season 3 ended so everyone commenting about how love use to be when they were teenagers need to realize they will be in their late 20s and experienced life probably with other lovers and seeing each other again could spark that fire that's been missing in their life.
yeah logan was coo at times but veronica is better than a little wuss like him.
question is..... which fans? not everyone is team love ya know.
@ kate, i'm sure you'll get your wish since rob thomas said he wants to make the fans happy.  :)
@ michael i doubt it's a currency issue that's holding up international tiers. this project is still part of warner bros. a global media company. so unlike the little indie films that usually get funded vm has to go through regional division approvals, geographical marketing and pr considerations, mpaa/bbfc etc. ratings certification, dvd encoding for different areas etc. when you are dealing with a global media company i guarantee that every area of the globe that wb is in has a different release strategy and approval process, so the money flows in the right directions. this is a whole new ball game on distributing a major movie. normally the audience doesn't get a choice in when or what finished product they get to see.
things that made me want a sequel.... first quote... "sheriff mars?!... you always had my vote..."
@michael point taken. but since we can't guarantee another movie..... i'm sticking to my guns. :)
@lj is there another phil? cuz no... it won't hit ten mill.. i just wanted 8 mill to match the boondock saints ii budget because that movie was pretty enough to work. and sometimes... people realize just how friendship turns into love.... because to care forever... you have to care first... that's why it feels like wallace might love veronica without acknowledging it.
@ kate, with that in mind, maybe love happens... someday.  i don't know that i'd want to see it happen in this movie.  because i honestly think at least one of them should have love in their life currently or the whole situation is just kind of sad and doesn't really represent the positive impact they can have on other people.  so if they aren't together now, then at least one of them should be happy with someone else.  maybe it doesn't last.  maybe in movie #2 or #3 circumstances finally bring them together, but i'd find it odd if they were both in a kind of romantic limbo since the series ended.
@jon right you are. i doubt they will though. i have a secret hope that rob thomas will give me a shout out if he does kill off duncan though..... :)
@ danielle the confusion arises because the majority want to choose physical reward tiers. anyone can donate money to any project as the ks faq says. it's just for this project the region limitations on the physical rewards means those tiers are not available in this project. for now. however if you want to donate $5000 and choose the $10 tier or the "no reward" option then that is entirely possible.
@ danielle, the kickstarter faq is separate from the one for this particular project.  there appears to be a wrinkle in accepting international funds in exchange for rewards for this project.  so anyone outside of the us and canada may contribute, but due to an exchange rate or fee or some other problem (i don't know, rob wasn't too specific in his update), they cannot promise any rewards beyond a pdf of the script at this time.
@kate,  just gotta wonder how many ideas rt will pull off the comments!
@michael you never know. sometimes you just can't fight "epic, star-crossed love"
wallace and veronica? that would be like luke and leia getting together! i actually hope love doesn't happen. there's something to be said for missed opportunities, unrequited  love, all that jazz. i would hope v and l managed to get on with their lives. they'll always have neptune...
it's hard to predict what the final total will be if we get some stretch goals, add-ons, and other incentives. it definitely looks like the campaign will plateau without it. since rob & co's attention seems to be primarily on adding more territories, hopefully that helps the campaign pick up more steam. otherwise, i wouldn't project that yesterday's daily gain (already a steep falloff from earlier) will hold true for 25 more days.
if duncan dies, who would he leave as executor of his estate? someone like veronica, maybe? there's a problem, though. this only works if keith dies. that would complete the cycle of life that began in the first episode. thats who takes care of baby lily.
i was just reading the new questions posted, and i got confused.  so, i went to the kickstarter faq, under backer questions: backing a project the 15th question down;  can people from outside the us or uk pledge to projects? yes! anyone, anywhere (with a major card) can pledge to kickstarter projects.
i guess we just need to keep up the hype and keep putting the word out!
@phil: to be the largest kickstarter campaign it'd have to be over 10mil (at about 11mil, i believe...)
it drops about 50 percent a day after that ridiculous start that doesn't count... and at some point it'll flatten out then jump a bit on the last couple days... six mill will make me happy if it goes there... but i just really want 8... i wish i could magically make 8 happen.
it's gonna be about 5 mill. that's what i'm seeing.
oh man i dont know about the veronica/wallace thing..   that would be weird for sure.  besides hes like the big brother!
that would be cool @jason, they could do a lot with that kind of bankroll!
wallace and veronica together.... would be like if mal and wash got married. it could work..... but man would that be weird.
@kate, @micheal... lol i agree with that about dick!  sometimes you just want to smack him upside the head!  i can still picture vm standing there saying "it's like your this giant jackass pinata just begging for someone to beat the candy out of you!"
i find it curious that rob thomas never mentions having reached out to teddy dunn in regards to the film -- looks like it's safe to assume that duncan won't be making any appearances. i guess money can't buy your way out of australia, after all...?
it looks like, after the initial surge, we are getting about $100,000 a day, give or take. if this continues we should have raised a little over $6 million by the end of the kickstarter. this number should increase when they open up rewards for international folk, and there is always a surge in the last 48 hours, which will hopefully take us to 7 or 8 million.
and really... this is doing better than pretty much the best kickstarter stuff.
i've decided... i want veronica and wallace to get married... that would be a great thing.
$3.65 million! nice work! hoping to see $4 mil by the end of the week.
@althai good point..... ok, duncan lives and everyone else dies. that doesn't sound right..... now i'm confused. :)
kate, you should just reverse all of your guesses. then you will be right 90% of the time.
and when i say baby, i meant ten year old girl.
@michelle: veronica!
@michelle good question! perhaps the baby is missing.... the plot thickens.
but if duncan dies who will take care of lily she's only 10 at this point.
@michael bahahaha good one. literally laughed out loud. am now getting strange looks from coworkers.
dick only acts stupid, but he's really been the mastermind behind all the murders in neptune...
actually i think it's duncan they're going to kill. but don't freak out, duncan-shippers. i'm wrong about 90% of the time.
duncan killed logan's gf. you heard it here first ;-)
you know... i just want something with keith that is as spectacular as what he did in the season one finale... felt like what a dad would do....
@michael veronica mars, goddess of war. this is a genre crossover nightmare, but it could still be entertaining.
ack!  i hate joffrey!!!  veronica comes to town after joffrey is murdered and everyone is like, "who cares?" :-p
neptune vs. joffrey in the battle of the tiny annoying blonde ones.
what if neptune gets sucked into the hellmouth? *gasp*
@balabanto but i know what you're saying. and i kind of tend to agree. veronica wouldn't come back to neptune for just anyone, now would she......? but if it were someone she cared about that was murdered.......?
logan gay...... that would be a serious twist. i think it's too much for the lovers to handle. i would laugh myself to tears.
@kate. bingo, i knew i could count on you,.:)
hahaha, the first time logan had his heart broken he gave up on bimbos, the second time it happened he gave up on women altogether.
@teri thanks! but going to their church is enough for them to offer a $20,000 reward for woody's capture because of what woody did to lucky?
@balabanto so.... duncan is logan's pop star girlfriend? twist!!
@kate- he went to their church. i believe the quote mentioned something about praying at the dinner table and singing in church.
i think we may see duncan in a casket sooner than you think.
@mansah you just reminded me of an actual question i have..... why do the mannings like lucky so much? i never got that.
will the kanes be in the new movie?  or mentioned, you think?
@amber no problem! that's the easy answer. there may be some underlying motive.... you never know. but that's the explanation we got. :)
we need more high rewards and shipping options worldwide - otherwise the next  weeks will move really slow...
@amber, unless they've resolved his family squabble with the mannings he's unlikely to be going to the high school reunion; i think they say somewhere that a kidnapping case is valid for 20 years. so if we see him it's probably going to be a brief cameo only.
thank you, too, balabanto! :)
ahh.. of course.  thanks kate.  that totally makes sense.
duncan had aaron killed because he loved his sister. we may never know the real answer to this question. but it proves what we suspect. that the kane family is a crime family.
@amber duncan was pissed cause lilly's murderer got off scot-free.
i was either following along sleepily (during the episode) or it was never made clear -- but i have to ask: did we ever find out why duncan had mr. echols killed? was it an act of protecting veronica (maybe he had found out about the deadly fight between the two..?) i wonder if he'll end up in this new movie.  not a big duncan fan (because he poses a threat to logan, of course, and i'm all for love) but still.. he was very involved in the first two seasons..
logan's girlfriends have it pretty rough.
rob's been saying that he has a general outline. and that's all that little plot snippet was, just a pitch "veronica returns to neptune to clear logan of suspicions that he killed his girlfriend" it's prob what he pitched to wb. nothing spoilerific about it or any reason to use that as a way to dupe people. sounds like a great plot to me.
@mansah ohh right..... i'm an idiot.
@kate, the grade my ass' inspired one. logan has a school project where he needs to plan a business venture; his teacher isn't too keen but logan actually seems quite excited  (3x17 debasement tapes)
@kate & balabanto, in one of the interviews he says something abot not having written anything yet -or not much anyway. i'm guessing a lot can change -this is just to give a general structure. some snippets to pitch to people who're still in doubt whether to pitch in.
@mansah which website? memory needs refreshing. the bum fight one or a different one? @michelle thanks! sounds interesting. also, now there an actual good lawyer in neptune (bless you cliff, we love you, but..... yeah)
@michael, logan's not going to be poorer, he built an empire off that site mac helped him create and is a major figure in that kind of industry -still keeping dick around as his muse. he eventually bought out mac; but as she had already used the money to finace another techy business herself it was all done in good faith. she is now not only a very successful entrepeneur but also freelances as aconsultant for apple.
@kate i think this is the same article that in ew :       http://www.cinemablend.com/new/veronica-mars-movie-plot-details-reveal-murder-mystery-36418.html
@balabanto i agree, actually. seems weird to give out specific plot details so early.
it could all be a big shell game. rob could have a secret plan and just be releasing stuff as a disttaction.
*if
oh god..... what is that's why piz is at the reunion?
yeah, people move on.  who's to say that veronica won't arrive at the reunion with a shiny new fiancee?  or daddy mars remarried?  or logan is divorced and poor(er).  heh heh.  i hope mac found someone!
dang it.... gotta go find a supermarket. entertainment weekly, eh?
it's logan pop star girlfriend
in other news.... 515 new backers today! way to go marshmallows!
guess i was hoping for bachelor logan..... but that was unrealistic. nine years. people move on.
hmmm. well that is interesting. though if logan married a movie star that does not exactly speak well for his "reformed" character.... maybe i'm typecasting. either way, bummer. still excited though.
**logan's wife or girlfriend. i can't remember and don't have it in front of me right now.
fyi for those speculating about where logan will be at the start of the movie, there was an article in this week's (or last week's? the most recent anyway) entertainment weekly (with game of thrones on the cover) that says the general plot of the movie will be that logan's superstar actress wife ends up dead and he's the prime suspect so he calls veronica mars to come back to town to clear him.
how funny would it be if keith, with veronica gone, and logan, with no parents, have bonded over the years and formed a friendly honorary father/son style relationship, which veronica knows nothing about.
@phil i would pay good money to see that. multiple times.
@kate just two hours of piz beating....oscar nomination.
@balabanto uh..... i think it would be better if we could just watch logan beat up piz again.
i think it would be pretty cool if logan got whupped by a bum and someone put it on youtube.
@jason logan is not going to die. he's just not.
this counter is amazing. it never actually stops: in the morning in france, when the usa  are asleep, the pace is very slow, about 5/600$ an hour, but it doesn' stop. then,  when europa and usa (and a bunch of countries i don't know the time lag of) are awake together, it climbs and climbs until 10000$ in the last hour.... i know, nothing like the first day, but still, it'sgreat!!!
i really think the fbi story line was meant to keep the familiarity of school in the show with a more significant amount of action.. high school to college to fbi academy. remember, when the show ended, the vast majority of fans were very young. wb was aiming at that demographic.
@kate - 0% chance logan is dead....at the start of the movie :p
i don't care what logan doing, i just want his car to be yellow. doesn't have to be an xterra but i vote yellow all the way! :p
maybe logan turned bum fights into a reality show... :-p
i think the fbi preview may've only been so good because it was only 15 minutes long but it looked different enough to be exciting, but i get that just about every show on telly seems to be a police drama. also, i really am glad veronica hasn't bothered with logan in the last 9 years. he was a total arse and never really answered much for it. i always read their relationship as buffy being with spike: a mistake the writers made the lead make because that's what young people do.
although stanford and columbia law, it doesn't get much more prestigious than that, though no matter what, veronica will always be our adorable little spitfire. ;)
hello from poland !  we love veronica mars too :)  just pledged $10, but i'm willing to pledge more when they sort out the international pledges legal issues (and i really want veronica mars t-shirt ;) )
oh, i have no doubt in his ability to craft an awesome story no matter the background details, but those basic core fbi elements would have to be included, i'm just happy that plan has been eschewed.
@leona i really hope leo is married to some gorgeous girl and has an adorable kid. he deserves some happiness.
(please dear lord do not let logan be dead.)
i know that the love contingent will probably win out, but i'd love to see a romantic reunion between veronica & leo.  love them!!!
so veronica's going to be a big shot lawyer eh? not going to speculate on mac and wallace, but logan.... he's either reformed himself, is in jail, or he's dead. (he did get threatened by a mafia kid)
you really think rob can't twist a formula into a pretzel and bake it til it's all marshmellowy? tsk.
@balabanto i just feel like the fbi is vastly overplayed in tv and movies these days, and i dont like the formulaic aspects it would bring with it.
the best option would be starts in the fbi, trapped in neptune and can't go back by end of story.
the funding is dryer than a nun's vagina!
i'll be honest, i like the veronica becomes a normal person who gets dragged back into the life story far more than the veronica joins the fbi story.
all these actors and rob thomas.... seriously, you guys are like a family. you all love this show so much that all the cast is so eager to come back and play their characters on more time for so little pay.... that's so awesome. hope you don't mind adding 55,500 extended family members....
@michelle wow. after reading that i have a ton of new respect for max greenfield (already loved him, but he wants to come back so badly and for no pay to play a minor character.... that's awesome)
i think anything is possible…..  if they had enough fan base and revenue from these projects that it is possible to bring the show back.  obligations due to contracts yes, but money and backing talk!
logan's biggest mistake in season 3 was sleeping with that..... wench. he was actually technically an ok (if slightly overprotective) boyfriend up until that point. darn it logan!
http://www.eonline.com/news/398514/veronica-mars-movie-scoop-rob-thomas-dishes-on-possibly-bringing-series-back-to-tv-max-greenfield-s-return… that's the link to the article that @chad is talking about it but it seems more likely that they would do a second movie.
madison isn't good enough for her own strapon.
@mansah it's unlikely but wow i would die. madison wasn't even good enough for dick.
e online is reporting the story. got the link from imdb top headlines.
hahaha, @kate, he would never dare.  and then again, he just might... man, there's going to be so much tension.
e online is reporting the story. got the link from imdb top headlines.
hi everyone. just a question. have we gone international yet? i am trying to figure it out. trying to up my pledge  from europe. :)
ten bucks says logan is dating madison sinclair (haha just kidding. but that would be icing on the sick, horrible no love cake)
@james: i know, i'm disappointed in the lack of an fbi storyline! it could've been so amazing, and wonderful!  the fbi plot was only designed as a last-ditch effort to save the show, though...(i just learned that) even so, it sucks that it never continued. here's to hoping for an epic, phenomenal movie!!!!! :) i'm just so excited to see veronica and her gang back in action!
i'm glad veronica hasn't seen logan in nine years. that's going to be an interesting reunion.
the only thing they can say at this point is it might be possible to do another movie if this movie is successful.
@chad - where did you read that? i just read that he'd be unable to bring a series back because kristen can't do two shows, contractually. he said his goal would be more movies...
works for me.
i just read that rob thomas is trying to bring the series back after the movie. hopefully that brings in even more donations. this is really happening after all these years.
@james, i couldn't agree more. sliding doors veronica mars style: the three ways veronica mars life panned out.
@monty warner bros blu-rays are rarely, if ever, not region free so you should have no problem getting and playing it. if they're not region locking the hobbit i doubt there'll bother with a smaller movie like this :)
don't get me wrong, i'm so excited i could puke. but i'm really bummed that they didn't go the fbi route. but i get that they were trying to make it realistic and sad that life got in the way and she compromised on her dreams. i'm also really curious about the super-mainstream veronica mars movie he was writing, and the more weird thriller he was tempted to write before this one. either way, i'm excited and hope rob and kristen get a chance to make the other two styles. a trilogy.
hi - just for you info r.thomas and gang, i have backed at $10 - knowing full well i will not receive awards (in australia), but would really like the dvd tier - us dvd's work here, blu rays do not.. lol.. just for you info, other fans may be the same.. (not really interested in digital download, unless that is all you are able to offer aussies... ) cheers !  loving the total, and hoping to contribute more !  (do not need the series, have had them for a few years !!!)
@kate so true... @brent, be carefil though, this is so addictive... i hadn't watched a single episode dec 1st 2012,  later that month i saw one episode which turned to all and suddenly i owned the dvds and before the end of jan this year i had rewatched the series three times. some may call it obsessive but it was impossible not to. this series is pure gold! there's details about the movie here: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/03/18/veronica-mars-movie-rob-thomas-interview_n_2886643.html aaaahhh!
@cheryl - that is bizarre, same happens here on my mobile phone it says 2014 in search results but 2015 on the listing page
@brent pilot episode, when wallace calls veronica a marshmallow. it takes a time or two to catch it. welcome! i'm a newcomer too. you catch on quick. :)
@ balabanto and @ sabine, thanks for the warm welcome and suggestion.  now, what's all this marshmallow business?
i just saw the updated faq where they're saying they're bent on world domination one country at a time... maybe they should give us a map so we could click on the countries we want them to dominate. :) i so don't wanna be left out, but i have a feeling i might be. :( anyways, also worrisome is the part where they say it's not about the reward, it's about the credit cards... it sounds as if even the people who pledged more than $10 might not have their pledge go through because of their country? i really wish they'd explain what the issue is...
there are some mentions and thanks to the veronica mars fans on rob and kristen's twitter accounts.  just thought that you would all like to know! :)
@balabanto: yes! i agree entirely! how neat would it be if we got updates every day or so from different cast members? encouraging new goals, and saying "hey, thanks for all you've already done!".. that would make it all more real. keep everyone excited. we'll see! it hasn't even been a week yet.. there are probably surprises to come :)
no graves. especially not graves for a 5'1" blonde and a 6'0" gorgeous hunk a burnin' love. ;)
@mike & lyz, yeah all this confused me heaps too... i'd never considered that it would be the cards that would be the issue. i mean, i have no doubt that eventually the international stuff will get sorted, maybe not the digital download, but the rest (which is what i care most about anyway), but in the meantime i'm worried that my pledge will be discounted... :p @matt, if they're going to do anything hd with the series they need to also reissue the dvds. i had to buy mine from the french amazon because they stopped selling them in the uk & denmark, booo! bring the dvds back on the market, hey!
cheryl, maybe the live on different time levels?
he probably did that as a joke. personally, i would dig two graves
@gabriele the mobile app says 2015 but i just checked imdb.com and it says 2014.  strange..
@cheryl imdb: just saw it, it says 2014. may be someone noticed a mistake
@jennifer, @kate: many thanks :)
@july you are welcome. @ cat on the veronica mars kick starter page, has faq about the vm movie project.
@cat after rob wrote "busily re-writing super grim ending" there are some new questions that have popped up since the campaign started and they have been updated.
there's an imdb page set up now. however it says 2015. that's a typo right? they haven't changed the release date have they?
i'm a bit confused... about which faq are you talking? i just can find three about how changing/cancelling my pledge. thanks for a short answer :)
while this is going on and you are talking to warners about veronica mars, can you ask them to release the hd version of season 3 on itunes in the uk. the other seasons are in hd, just not season 3. so glad you enabled us to pledge from outside the us. thanks for doing this :)
thanks lyz, that makes sense. i'm more used to having trouble getting money off other people, not them taking it off me ;-)
oops, you can pledge,
@solene, no, if you ask only for a ten $ reward you can't plege for 100$ if you want: i tried the two ways and that's what came up. and you couldn't comment here without being a backer.
yeah, mike, that is worrying! my 10$ are part of the count, but they might not be included at the end of the day? will i still get my pdf? what about all of the pledges from other countries? the amount would not reflect the real budget at all then!
th ey can't charge our cards if we asked for rewards over the first one at 10 dollars, there must be pre-etablished rules with amazon or perhaps kickstarter.  maybe the people currently excluded from rewards could have their special tiers with only material goods if the legal, commercial and technical issues can't be resolved with their country? someone could ask the question in the faq if a significant number of international backers are interested?
the last two faq updates are confusing as they seem to be suggesting the international issues are actually to do with them not being able to charge our cards. does this mean that, as it stands at the moment, non of the money pledged by non-us & canadian backers can be accepted? seems an odd thing to say as never had a problem using a non-american address credit card before. myself i'd rather have a blu-ray than a digital download. and as far as i know warner bros never region encode their discs so should be fine to import even if you don't have an all region player.
glad to see the totals keep climbing!!!!!! let's work to hit $3.7 million today!!!!!!!!!!!
i read the updates, i knew the staff was trying to resolve international issues, but it's good to see confirmed they do try hard.  i can understand the problem with international down loading, though i would happily settle for the dvd only and it would not be the first time i buy something from across the ocean. it's like a purchase in advance, i don't see the issue there... well, there must be one, even if i don't see it.
thanks @jennifer
faq has been updated.
@amber i think it would more be a matter of cast members posting updates here. it's not hard to give out a little control over the kickstarter. when i ran mine, the editor gave me his password and i had to drive the messages. but a message from a cast member that says "hi, thank you for everything you've done so far" carries way more weight in a kickstarter like this than cheerleadery messages from michael satran, game designer, novelist, and suit salesman.
what scares me is a dropoff at the end because of taxes. april 15th is the final tax day in the us. pledges could mysteriously drop, raise, or change completely.
@balabanto: i believe you're right! i specifically waited to pledge until i got paid (day two).. i was pretty sure that pledging would require an authorization hold being placed on my account. i'm so glad we've passed 3.6 but i can't lie.. the fact that we hit 2mil on day one really had me thinking that we'd been at four or (really) five by now. i hope the cast and crew can create atleast a few more exciting, stimulating updates that will encourage new backers to pledge and current backers to up their pledges; people need a little more motivation, and i know that i've read multiple comments on here that stated that if more premiere party packages (for example) were made available, they'd definitely up their pledges. anyways, have a great day!
gah. staggering. i blinked and the counter went up by four. at this rate we should have around 200,000 backers. i've never been so excited about a kickstarter counter that wasn't mine.
oh, and st. patrick's day weekend probably also slowed the pace. people were dropping their money on beer with green food coloring in it.
@robyn: sundays are slow. wait until after 4 pm today. you'll see a big spike. thursday also. a lot of this isn't determined by anything other than when people receive their paychecks. you have to wait until monday midnight before really determining tracking pace.
in the past 8 hours, we raised an additional $12,208. we have to kick this campaign into high gear! social media is our friend, but don't underestimate the power of a conversation! look at my previous comments to see the roller coaster of pledges received.
i am working on watching the series over again and i am just finishing disc 2. i forgot how much weevil was a lil hottie :) ! so ready for some logan & veronica love!!! i watched this show with my oldest son, who is 21 now. this show definitely was a writing inspiration for him. for he is attending college for writing :). we both couldn't be more ecstatic for this happening!!! thanks much rob & kristen!!!
just donated (all the way from australia!!) but will increase once shipping/rights outside us/canada is sorted out. i am not only donating because i thought veronica mars was a great show and deserves a movie, but also because i think this could revolutionize the way the way movies/tv shows are made. i would love to see shows such as legend of the seeker that were cancelled too early have another avenue with which to fund projects. and i am so glad that a quality show such as veronica mars is paving the way. off to spread the word!!
so excited for more love :d
glad this is doing so well, we just need some stretch goals and updates to keep the momentum going :)
i'm so glad this project has received such a huge response. i've been dying to see more of veronica for years now. the show had class and a great writer and cast. i make a habit to watch my dvd copies of the show at least once a year.  i can't wait to see who all returns for the movie. weevil and mac would be awesome.
@ brittney- i could not have said any of that better myself. at the beginning of s3, i absolutely hated piz. i would physically walk away from the tv to make food or something at times, haha. it was irrational because you're right, there was no one that could touch or stand between what logan had with v. and i started to warm up to him with 2+ viewings of the season. i'm pretty sure it had something to do with that piercing "smoulder" in the series finale that made it click in my head - piz was never, could never be a threat. and then i just felt bad for the poor guy because it probably clicked for him too in that same moment lol. i mean now i'm to the point of hoping he makes at least a guest appearance for the movie with a new love interest so he gets some kind of happy ending. he kinda deserves it after the beating he took from logan..  man, i'm just so thrilled to see this dream becoming a reality! i remember watching it all on the upn and cw networks with my dad. with him being a retired cop and a single parent and the series premiering towards the end of my high school days, veronica mars really hit home. it was just so easy to place ourselves in veronica and keith's shoes because that was us! the characters were amazing but i think what really made the show for me were all of the relationships. friendships, romances all of it. not that i don't appreciate the love aspect because i could write a 50 page dissertation on that angst fest, but i don't think i've seen anything on television as endearing as the loyalty i've seen between veronica and wallace or keith. for the life of me i can't understand what the cw was thinking replacing something with this much... heart i guess with something that's already been done and redone using singers, models, even potential fiances: the search for the next doll? i mean there was only one season of it... obviously there was an expiration date. after cancellation i don't know how much time i spent posting comments via wb's facebook whenever something veronica-related popped up there... all the time spent rewatching my dvds (because there was no way after watching one episode that i could possibly not watch the next one... and the next until i was done with the series) which led to surfing the net for even hints or whispers of a movie.. finally we get to see what happened to our favorite neptune characters >:d i swear every time i hop on here i just beam to see all the support still coming in. can't wait for january!
that is, indeed, a reason for a happy dance.
so i guess that means we've got weevil!! *happy dance*
there's also this: https://twitter.com/franciscapra/status/311874102367502336
it had been re-posted somewhere, but that's the one saw and got very excited about. gotta have weevil!
@penny - is this it: http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1abh82/im_francis_capra_weevil_and_i_am_very_very/
and another exciting thing?  years ago when vm was on, there was a very cool tshirt company that sold a vm shirt.  it was the silhouette of a big dog and said "always take backup"... i bought and wore mine until it fell apart. i just checked their site, and they've got a blog post about that very shirt, which is now back in their online shop!!! http://glarkware.com/blog/sorta-new-always-take-backup
excellent comments, brittney.  my comparison of logan to spike (from buffy) was probably unfair.  i have lots of strong feelings towards spike that i don't have for logan.  logan is complicated, but in a good way.  and deep down, despite his stubborn and sometimes selfish (or self-loathing?) tendencies, he's basically a good guy.  logan has a code of honor that he may not always cop to, but it's there.  and when push comes to shove, he'll stand up for what he thinks is right, damn the consequences.
i think parker was a good dose of reality; a normal person who's nice enough but a bit 'meh' when push comes to shove. she also made everyone else far more interesting in comparison. and i liked that we got to see her recovering from her rape and how veronica was with that.
penny, that is awesome!!  thank you for the update!! :)
as a "long -time and from the very first airing of the very first episode" fan, i was super excited to donate to this - really put my money where my mouth is - and more excited to see such amazing goals be hit. even being older and having two little kiddos now, i am not surprised to revert back to squeeing fan-girl.  i had an online fan group that i chatted with after every episode, and was involved in every fan effort i found to save or prolong the show. this will be amazing, and i don't even what about the what/who/where.  how many fans get a chance to see their favorite show fast-forwarded 10 years??  so awesome!
@tabetha i can't remember where i read it, but francis capra posted something somewhere basically saying he's in.
i checked on the imdb website for the veronica mars movie and it is there, but i don't see francis capra (weevil), signed up for the project!  i hope he will be part of this.  i felt his character definitely adds to this show!
parker on the other hand? ughhhh. that is the one character i really felt rob failed at. she was just very bland/unimportant and not at all reflective of the strong characterizations they built for everyone else, but i suppose there's always gonna be one bad apple in a bunch. she was it for me. total waste of character space.
yeah, i remember initially not liking him at all!!,but again it was because i feared he would become someone important to veronica, but once it became clear to me that he never would be able to take logan's place in v's eyes....i started to realize my fear of that happening was the only reason i supposedly "hated" the character. and thinking about it further...i really didn't have a reason to dislike him, so when i rewatched the season a 2nd and 3rd time, i liked him more and more. in fact debasment tapes became one of my favorite episodes in s3 and he is the main character. i wish there had been more centering on him!
you're not alone with the piz love! i loved him for all the reasons you stated, just wanted him to be with parker so they could still be in the group, but not getting in the way of my preferred coupling.
i have never actually watched this show, but i had an extra dollar!  good luck with the movie!
i feel pretty much alone on my love for the pizster. i think first time i watched s3 i loathed him initially because i couldn't stand that it literally felt like he was being shoe-horned in as a love interest for veronica. but near the finale i realized that he really is nothing in the end to her because veronica will always have a probably strange, maybe unhealthy, very intense and persistent love for logan. and dude is just gone for her too. so once i really realized how non-threatening piz was to the complex relationship that v and logan share, i started to rewatch and enjoy piz just for being piz. nerd, sweetheart, polite, humorous, thoughtful, offbeat, pushover that he is. and then my common phrase was "logan and veronica together and me and piz together. oh yeah." but back to veronica and logan....i really enjoy their dysfunctional relationship. i don't think it's abusive, i think they are both fiery and intense and bring out a side of each other that other people don't. and i don't like this perception that some have with regards to veronica being this "genius" (almost in the way of setting her on a pedestal) and logan is an empty headed idiot without two brain cells to rub together. i certainly don't agree with that. i think logan is very smart actually. i just think his upbringing has encouraged him to seek negative attention and he definitely has his moments when he thoroughly enjoys making bad decisions on purpose. but there is a simmering chemistry between them that i have never witnessed between either of them with any other characters. v needs someone who can almost out-smartass her and logan is the one to do it. she is also extremely stubborn and will do what she wants (sometimes to her detriment) and i always felt that logan has the right amount of carelessness and bravado to meet her toe-to-toe and challenge her. most of all they each carry an intense vulnerability that they fight tooth and nail not to let the world see, but with one another, they have times when they can stop fighting it and show that side to one another. that's a very intimate thing. i for one, very much love the complexity of their relationship. i want rob to ultimately tell the story he envisions but i hope it will include more of that.
be careful with that now. remember what show we're talking about, with gay pirate radio and all. :)
@ balabanto, i like the cut of your jib!
@michael haha i'm doing my best. :)
so can we get a drm free downloadable copy like all the other kickstarter films? we *are* funding it.
real life is a punishment so that we can be rewarded with veronica mars.
@ kate, aw, don't be sad.  no one can live up to tv/movie characters.  real life, sadly, isn't scripted.  :-p
@ tabetha  absolutely , couldn't agree with you more!
my favorite 'occasional character has to be cliff, the public defender. hhe had the best lines ever.  duncan... yea i didn't know what to do with duncan the entire series. i didn't know where to put him in my mind or in my heart..that was the one character i couldn't work with..i didn't like piz, but at least i felt one way or the other, with duncan, he was just there...
i used to love the original 90210 growing up for its soap opera aspect, i now love vampire diaries as a guilty pleasure, but i have to say that, through all shows that have come and gone, veronica mars has never left my mind and heart as one of the greatest thought out shows of all times.  it was just a great show based around great characters, amazing actor chemistry, thought provoking plots and addicting story lines!  this show was witty and had great plots that were hard to figure out... i love all aspects of this show!
awesome! canadian shipping included :d & updated my pledge!!
if they bring him back, they should bring him back in a closed casket. :) the series wasn't dark enough after season two.
*know lol it's late haha
i don't how i felt about duncan lolol i just found him weird hahahaha
we must remember, however, that logan is not real. neither is prince charming from once upon a time. :( gonna go eat some rocky road ice cream and drown my tears in alanis morrissette now.
@balabanto hi b!  i love seeing that total creep up.  so i never warmed to duncan, i was quite relieved to see him go too. but i am still not sure if it was the character i didn't like... or the actor.... the lines are blurry for me.  there is a chance rob might bring him back for the movie.
this show was empowering, real, funny and genius!
@katie yes and rob t writing. having someone write a great story with great actors makes great tv haha
i, too agree with veronica mars being ahead of it's time.
speaking of leo, i hope he shows up again!  yeah, he was a little passive, but i liked him.  :)
i think veronica mars was ahead of its time and that's why it got cancelled. :) i do love seeing new people just now watching the pilot and becoming addicted haha ^_^
and that, ladies and gentlemen, was how brent discovered a marshmellow growing out of his head.
yay brent! welcome to the cult! just know, now you can never leave. i love when new people start watching vm. i say you set a large block of time aside and just marathon it out...
yes, kate. it is.
haha, i think above all this is a testament to jason dohring the actor that everyone defends his character so ardently.
let's talk about duncan kane for a minute. that's still an odd sticking point in my chronology. other than the fact that his escape to another country is the single best episode in the entire series, the biggest flaw in his escape is that discovering veronica's past becomes astronomically harder. duncan kane's absence (along with baby lily) makes the flow of the series somewhat discordant, and makes season three what it is...more awkward. :)
just logged on to see how we were doing, and yaaay, 55k backers! i can go to bed happy!  before i do, here's michael's inspirational message of the day:   "to love and win is the best thing. to love and lose, the next best". – william thackeray :d
haha love you @tl davo well said
who says logan isn't a nice guy?  what is your definition of nice anyway?  in my opinion the "nicest" guy is the one who looks hard enough to really see you and then accepts what he sees. "they are both so powerful, so larger-than-life, that no one else we’ve seen has succeeded in being what either of them needs. veronica needs a man who can match her in strength of character, someone she can trust who is not afraid to have her take the lead at times and who can accept her for who she is, warts and all. none of the other romantic pairings veronica has had throughout the series could meet these criteria. troy was not trustworthy and leo was too passive. duncan never seemed to fully accept her for who she had become. he was either surprised by her skills (as when he didn’t believe that she was truly investigating the theft of the poker money in “an echolls family christmas,” [1-10] or intimidated by her strength as demonstrated by his dream about meg and veronica in “ahoy mateys,” [2-8]). only logan has proven himself to be strong, proactive, trustworthy (when it counts), and capable of loving the veronica we know now." thomas, rob (2007-05-01). neptune noir: unauthorized investigations into veronica mars (smart pop series) (p. 178). benbella books, inc.. kindle edition. thomas, rob (2007-05-01). neptune noir: unauthorized investigations into veronica mars (smart pop series) (p. 178). benbella books, inc.. kindle edition.
backer 55,000 got a woot. we all got rocks! booyah!
woot 55,000 backers!
yes!
and with tension, we wait. who will be backer 55,000?
any suggestions on how i can get the best out of the series?   i'm already popping popcorn.
@jennifer starkey: would that be american feminism of the historicist school, french pre-cixous feminism, or post-structuralist donna harraway feminism? they're all different. i'm just curious.
@christian that would be a twist sort of i always had that as a possibility from day one but for me they seem more like best friends and i love that about them.
just six more backers to 55,000
no hate. i'm just pointing out that guys who constantly refer to themselves as "nice" often aren't. it's a very, very common feminist issue, and one that balablanto should educate himself on. balablanto, i am not being uncivil. educate yourself on how women feel about the phrase "i'm just a nice guy and girls always go for jackasses" and you may see where i'm coming from. you might not. either way, no apologies here.
never watched veronica mars - not a single episode.  don't hate me!  =-) i got hooked by your humorously inspired project video.  went to wb site last night and watched the pilot episode for the first time.  have to say, i'm still hooked.  seems you have a very well crafted and engaging show.  good job.  looking forward to following the rest of the three seasons in triple time then savoring your upcoming movie with relish and my hbrowser.
heh. that would be a great ending. i would love that.
the twist will be that wallace and veronica mars will be together
@jdl her sugetion was good she asked for an all new teir with an all new thing you on the other hand asked to get what others get for a lower teir  see the difrance
thank you lilly kate and courtney :-)
@ stephen, he stopped treating veronica like crap in the first season. after that you're going to have to give me some examples.. and not little arguments either.  fitz and olivia, really stephen!?!?! like seriously we can never ever be friends, ever ;-)
@lyz thanks, people tend to forget these characters grew alot throughout the series. @micheal exactly. @balabanto why do you assume logan is the bad guy? from the moment they got together he did nothing but protect her and made it clear to his friends that they either except her or get out his life. they were teenagers dealing with issues within their lives that made them act the way they did but logan as well as others did grow up towards the last season and if they stayed on that course the i'm pretty sure in 10 yrs they might have matured a lot more. the bad guy is not always necessarily the "bad guy" logan had underlying issues just like veronica who treated him like crap during the 3rd season when all he was doing was looking out for but he was a good guy at heart.  that was proven many times through your the series. the logan character wasn't black & white like duncan he was more complex but that doesn't make him the bad guy ed p when you're a teenager dealing with the stuff they were dealing with.
and don't forget: it's 10 years later (if they're going with the high school reunion idea).  i'm sure logan and veronica both have done a lot of growing over the years.  real life has a way of doing that to you.  :)
if i were the same person now that i was in high school..... man would my life suck. that's all i'm gonna say. :)
@sabine well said, my thoughts exactly. people tend to forget how much the characters on the show grew throughout the series.
no hate, only love here folks.
i really do love looking at the counter. it's wonderful.
in the last 9 hours, we received $38,288 in pledges! that's more than yesterday in 12 hours! go through my comments to see all the other 12 hour totals. they won't be full 12 hour totals for the rest of the week now, as i begin a new work week tomorrow, but i'll keep up as best i can.
@jennifer starkey: please read the statement next to post comment more carefully. that was uncivil.
balabanto - please see "nice guy syndrome" across the internets. and then refrain from describing yourself as a "nice guy" who tried soooo hard to get all those whorish women to stop choosing those bad guyz. maybe the girls just didn't like you? stop taking this out on logan. "the terms nice guy™ and nice guy syndrome are used to describe men who view themselves as prototypical "nice guys," but whose "nice deeds" are in reality only motivated by attempts to passively please women into a relationship and/or sex. "
logan does not treat veronica badly. if there's one thing i know, it's that. if anything, she treated him like utter shit in s3.
@sabine i agree
@robyn thanks
@courtney he had stolen the other programmed id-maker for the college. i'd say that would make him look pretty guilty.
so what if loves her? he doesn't treat her well. and in season 3 she doesn't treat him well either. i like spicy, friction...but i don't like, and i don't think it is romantic, for people to treat each other badly. treating someone like crap isn't romantic and i think too many people are taught to romanticize unhealthy and abusive relationships through things like love. i'd like them to *not* be together. i would like them to be good friends. people who help each other work through issues, who support each other, who love each other, but who don't have to be in an unhealthy relationship together. i also don't want fitz and olivia together in scandal.
careful, @alejandro rg. some folks here get huffy if you suggest the tiers aren't ideal. ;)
i have to re watch the episode but  at the end of season 3 wasn't weevil looking guilty of of something?
how about adding a package with the soundtrack on it, either to download it or the physical copy, just sayin
@ sabine i agree!!!
if logan stayed the same character who was smashing headlights  and arranging 'bum fights', i wouldn't want him and veronica together. the genuis of the show is all these flawed characters evolved, each episode, each season. logan has come a loong way from episode one to the last episode of the series. that's evident in his interactions not only with veronica but also with all the other main characters like wallace and weevil, even keith couldnt hate logan for to lon. the main thing that i adore about love is how much he loves her, say what you want but logan will kick ass for veronica(with no consideration for his own self preservation) and he doesn't care who when where or how. he's always ready to be her knight in shining armor, it's ridiculously sexy!! thats my reason for needing to see them together.
@andrea: thank you.
@balabanto: i am writing my only post on any tv website ever to say that your comment is not only one of the funniest things i've ever read about vm, it's a perfect summary of the v/l relationship, and precisely the reason i do not particularly want to see them end up together either. i don't really "ship" couples (although i love television), and on pretty much every show i watch, i can never understand why everyone seems to want the bad boy to get the girl.  the buffy/spike thing michael mentioned below is a perfect example - spike is a great character and i am a big spike fan, but i never thought he should end up with buffy!
i have to go for a couple hours. i'm working on a sequel to a novel that's out with an agent, so i have to do a page a day with no excuses plus my game design project for blackwyrm games. and yes, i worked at my day job today on top of that.
if we want to link them all together, logan could get picked up by the serenity crew  and it could end with a teaser for the new firefly season. trying to convince myself it could work..
i don't think veronica has a fantasy of being lily kane (the lilly i spoke of is a backer here, i'm not sure she's the one who told about life experiences), lilly was full of life but of selfishness too. she was one of the abusers and died before she could get (or not) over the parental model. one could even think it's one more obstacle between her and logan, not wanting to be lily...
some shows have been awful though leaving beastly cliffhangers that have driven me nuts for years, so at least this is a way to sort one of my all time favourites out.
logan on mars. i would watch both of those endings.
@tracy: there are always loose storylines, no matter how hard you try to wrap all of them up.
so balabanto you are telling me i will be back here weeping into my hot chocolate cos that beast has ended the film on a cliffhanger? nooo!!!!!!!!!!!! that is too cruel to contemplate but it would be wickedly funny.
@penny: this made the newspapers. you don't have to take my word for it. rofl! and then logan brooded in space. the end. i guess we could rename the series "veronica martian" and have her hunted by marvin the martian for 3 hours while she plays with his space modulator. while i would pay to see this, and marvin is a licensed wb property, i don't know how successful it would be.
well considering i live in australia so don't have any real life fbi ideas, i'll take your word for it and re-open that option :) i've been telling people we need $10,000,000 so logan can brood in space - does that work for you?
@tracy: a warning from a character from watchmen, doctor manhattan: ends? nothing ever ends.
sorry about that, i was hoping to point out that most girls actually go for the nice guys and i agree you should never settle. i hope we all get a little of something that we are looking for from the film, i really want to get some closure for the story it was left so open ended and that drove me bonkers as i loved it and it just stopped! it is going to be fun following the whole process.
@lyz: you just hit my other reason for disliking the relationship on the head, btw. i can't help but question over and over again whether or not veronica's relationship with logan is just carrying out her fantasies of being lily kane.
i could try and explain to you why i do love logan and veronica together: when i look at logan, i see the jackass (who wouldn't) but i most see i see the one who self destructs, i see the reasons why: he was abused, betrayed, abandoned... the justifications (and the role model), said or unsaid, being the general mentality "i'll think of myself only". when i look at veronica, i see the strong girl (who wouldn't), but i see the broken one too, the one who can't trust. she was abused, betrayed, abandoned, with the same kind of justification, said or unsaid.( and let's not forget when logan did the bullying he was sixteen,) so if they can get together, it means that they can overcome their issues, and most of all that the past doesn't have to define the present furthermore the future, it means the abusers, the betrayers win only if you let them. everybody can fight for a better life (i don't speak about money). i used to work with young abused people, and some of them, a lot of them, found their way: they fought hard, but they did it. when i think of veronica and logan together i  think of hope.... someone said (lilly?)here that it's a matter of experiences in life, i guess i totally agree with her.
personally, if logan reformed, i would have liked to have seen him join the priesthood or something. and veronica gets back to neptune and she's like "where's logan?"/"he's over there?" (sees cassock and prayer beads) yhgtbfkm!!!!!
trust me. you have no idea what goes on in the fbi these days. eight agents got suspended recently for sexting. bad stuff like veronica does goes on all the time.
i guess what's so unbelievable about it is what makes me like it. there was a guy i knew in high school who was like logan..... in fantasy world, he would have reformed himself a la season 3 logan.... but he didn't. they don't. i know that. but i like to see it in fiction.
great explanation balabanto - like the others i feel the same way in real life, but jason dohring makes me have different standards for tv land :) i don't know if i'd want veronica in the fbi anymore. re-watching (only ssn 1 so far), part of what makes her so good is she bends the rules and does what others can't. she could be suspended from the fbi sure, but following all the rules would be a little boring, even with all the snark.
@tracy: yeah. but some of us are still single. we weren't lucky. people didn't like us. things didn't go our way. we didn't like to settle. we had big dreams and wanted to pursue them. :) and for people like that, watching logan get veronica is like having our teeth pulled by barbed wire with no anaesthetic. :)
@kristen: thank you. i'm glad you sort of like me. i try really hard to be liked.
i agree with kristen, in real life i married the nice guy 24 years ago and we are still happily jogging along, but from my fiction i like a bit of spice and friction in a relationship which is why i root for the impossible long shots like veronica and logan. call me crazy but i think they can both make a go of it if they really want too, in fiction of course! in the real world he would be long gone, no one gets to treat a girl like that and get away with it!!!
and hey, maybe rob will put her back in the fbi if we get to 10 million!
yeah. i know. but this has to have a big sleep style ending for it to be really pure. "on the way downtown i stopped in at a bar for a couple of drinks. they didn't do me any good. all they did was make me think of silver wig, and i never saw her again." --raymond chandler
@balabanto - i love this comment. i really do. and, in real life, i would totally agree with you. but i'm hypocritical and like my book/tv boys to be more, ah, interesting. i do not comprehend the actually wanting to be with them in real life. they would drive me crazy and i would dump their ass. but in fictional life? bring it on. personally, as far as vmars goes, i've always loved the logan/veronica relationship. but i agree veronica is way too good for him. i'd actually like to see her meet someone new. someone more on her level as you say. :)
it's the same thing with buffy/spike shippers.  the "bad boy" has a certain allure, i guess.
we could internationally ship logan to darfur. though that might reveal my preferences a little more than they already do. :) i should probably explain to people why i can't stand the logan/veronica relationship, and why it never ceases to amaze me that people love them together so much. i was the guy who was bullied in high school. no one liked me. i was bitter, angry, and didn't really grow up until college. but what i did learn, and what i still learn, is that women almost always go for jackasses and attempt to reform them, rather than go for the nice people that are already out there. a man is only as tall as he stands when he stands on his wallet. do you really think logan echolls deserves veronica? let's be serious for a moment here. no work ethic. morally grey. as sexually faithful as a hound dog in a room full of houndettes with "do me" signs around their necks. and yet, the answer that i see from most of the young women in this forum is "yeah! i would totally marry that guy!" is it just me, or is that the most illogical disconnect i've ever seen? kristin and jason are fantastic actors. beyond awesome. they make that relationship believable. but only up to a point. because veronica is a five star genius, and logan has the iq of a bath towel. this relationship is not sustainable. eventually, the bath towel will get too dirty to use.
that's what i did too. i upped my pledge three times and i will do it again if the international thing works.
international backers can still donate you just pick the first option without things, that's what i did.  although if you are able to sign up to stuff then i'll just donate again :)
@stinusmeret totally! once they start shipping to the uk i'm ready to donate $100! there are so many international fans that it's guaranteed to raise a lot of money! i just hope they get it sorted quickly!!
the moment international shipping is a go (or in my case belgium) i'm probably going to try and snag me a $200 slot if they're still open :p international shipping will boosts pledges a lot since there are a lot of non-us/canada fans here.
oh, and tomorrow, look for 4 million. monday is a big payday, as is thursday.
lyz: you're welcome.
i am so excited about this!! this has made my year. right now watching veronica mars on wb website.
balabanto, thank you
lyz: yes.
look at those numbers climb! i think people are encouraged now, since we hit a big milestone! :)
@balabanto, i went on linguee and on world reference, i understand it means an exchange of credit card, likei used a new credit number on amazon, or one of my cards amount was not high enough and i used an another one or something... am i right?
@melissa, no big!! i can't believe its almost to 3.7 million!! :d
it was one of the on set spots that opened up.... for about five seconds hah. someone pounced faster.
@angela: oops, my mistake! yes, that's what i meant, lol. :)
@lyz it could be a credit card swap.
@balabanto. sorry, not to quote temperance brennan, but i don't know what that means, what's a swap in a  "credit card swap"?
@melissa, i think you mean $100,000 more, not $400 more...lol
keep those pledges coming!
at this rate, i predict $3.7 million by about 10pm tonight! only about $400 more to break $3.7, let's keep it up!!
@lyn. my assessment is credit card swap.
good point, i guess i only eat choccy forget the rest, naughty naughty me!
but not all dairy products are chocolate flavored, unfortunately.
it came back... frightening suspense... will it stay?
@elizabeth...no worries, "we used to be friends" is literally on repeat on my ipod now! :) it will be for the next several days...if only money could be raised from people listening to that song!!! :) woo! $3.6 million dollars!!!!! that's a lot of moolah! :) totally worth it. in fact, i'm currently re-watching my favorite youtube clips of vm, as i type!
we did $100,000 a day this weekend. that's a nice pace.
isnt chocolate a dairy product? ok were back at 3.6 again!
bingo,
i would say "yay" again but it's just anticlimactic now.
michael, sure you're allowed. you're not encouraged to do it :d
i was just making sure it wasn't some sort of time skip or fracture.  is anyone craving chocolate flavored dairy products? no? ok, we're good here.
i meant 3.598 - $2000 gone not $20,000.
edit: movie
so cruel! my eyes are burning, it's almost midnight in paris! but... "it's not over until it's over"...
you're not allowed to revoke pledges!!! :-p
weird, just looked and it was $3.60mil and then one second later is was 3.58mil and yet no top pledges opened up.
ok, glad to see my counter is not malfunctioning....and the counter did just go down a bit? no worries,  i'm pretty positive we'll hit $3.6 million by tonight!
3.6mil!!! 4mil? piece of cake... side comment please tell me i am not the only one who is obsessed with the dandy warhols song "we used to be friends" all over again?? i hope they use it in the move..
glad its not just me jamie!!!! thought i had lost the plot for a mo!
someone pulled back on the pledge. it happens.
hey, did 2000 dollars just disapeared???!!!
um, why did the counter go the wrong way?  o.0;
i think i am addicted to watching the numbers go up. come on 3.6
looking good everyone!
people from norway, sweden and denmark who wants some swag should check out https://www.jetcarrier.com/ ... easy mail forwarding ...
wooo!!!!!!!! yeah!!! $3.6 million!!!!!!
yes!
go team! :)
3.6 million! wow
yay!
$3,599,995. woo broke it!
and we're at $3.6 million! i'm sure we'll hit $4 million by the end of the week!  :)
almost $ 3,600,00 ! i always check back and wait for a nice round number,,,, come on.....
you mean we could reach 3,599,950 in ,say, 10 mn, then wait 3hours?
my kingdom for an edit button, kickstarter.
drat. dropped a 5.
$3,599,450. if other projects i've followed are any indication, it will take us three hours to make up the last $50. ;)
@michael - i'm not too concerned. i'm enjoying the conversation in the comments. i'm mostly coming up with the ideas i am in response to what other people say. and yes, i realize your comment wasn't directed specifically at me. @lyz - works for me. :) less than 1k to go to the current backer made goal of 3.6mil.
here we go, almost to $3.6 million!!  keep it up everyone!!! :)
@marlena, i'm so sorry i can't came up with any snarky lines in english (i'm aware, i'm no rob thomas, neither do i speak english good enough...) but, imagine, j.d's comment : " never underestimate the size of my ... prestation"... pretty lame, i know, but everything's good to pass time until 3,6m!
@ solene, that $10 extra shipping is for canadian pledges.  the pledge descriptions state "us and canada orders only" and then "add $10 to ship outside of us."  rob is still working on being able to send items outside of north america.
@michael: yes, i agree wholeheartedly with you! we've done amazingly in the past few days, and even though pledges have slowed, we still have time!
today is day 4 of 30.  we have had 4 updates already, the last of which was 2 days ago (friday).  we're being kept in the loop.  i don't understand comments that state something different.  i know we're all eager for the movie to happen, but rob thomas et al. have lives and they cannot spend a lot of time updating the kickstarter page.  when there is something to update, we'll know about it.  it's the weekend  (and st. patrick's weekend to boot!).  any conversations rob thomas is having with warner bros. regarding international pledges and stretch goals was probably put on hold until tomorrow.  and he said he is working on it.  i'm sure he would love for this kickstarter to be as successful as possible.  i know our enthusiasm can get the better of us sometimes, but please be patient.  we still have 26 days to go!  as soon as he can, i'm sure rob will update everyone with news.
so, now it says "add 10$ to ship outside the us", does it mean for everywhere or just canada? i'm pretty sure many canadian donators pledged without thinking they'd need to pay more afterwards... and since there's no update about it yet, i'm wondering if i should update my pledge now, or wait for one!
@lyz - that could be a stretch goal. meet a certain amount and the actors and actresses that have agreed to sign on do an interview just for us or they comment in the comment section (if they aren't pledging themselves, maybe rob could let them use his account for an hour or something).
maybe a stretch goal that doesn't give anything away (if they can manage to arrange it) is more theaters having the movie. we need at least a theater per state and then some so that more fans can get to the theaters when it's in theaters. a list of theaters would be nice, too.
enrico is pretty funny.
well, as i can't have dinner with e. colantoni (i'm sure he is hilarious) because i don't live in usa, i sure would like some comments here from the cast, it could be fun, it would enforce the democratic side of this kind of project, and i'm sure i wouldn't be the only one....
@phil: i totally agree; it's a tricky proposition. my main interest would be the shooting locations. rob said it was money dependent, but i wanna guarantee san diego!
one more point... at five million we get the movie... but if it does ten.... and there are a hundred thousand backers... do they consider two? depends on how much it pulls in, i'm sure... but come on... the more this project earns and the more the movie earns, the more likely we might not see the last of vm in theaters.
besides stretch goals,  they need to keep in touch a little better, either here in the comments or a short update or video. otherwise it feels a little impersonal, which is strange since we know how much it means to them too.  also, like michael southwick said stretch goals don't have to include swag.  some of the better ones tell us what content they would like to include in the project.  it gives us a good idea how far we've come and how far we need to go.  it gives us as backers incentive to push this as hard as we can!   everyone saying hey we got funded why do we need more funding, must not have ever had a project go over the budget or something go sideways before!  we as backers are just as important as any conventional advertising and media blitzing that rob and kristin have been doing.  they are doing their part so now it's time to continue doing ours!  um, whoops didn't mean to type this much.
i'm certainly not worried about swag... maybe just "at this amount of money we'll film mostly in a dungeon, at the next level, you get shots outside!! at this level we'll film in a car chase where someone will die!! at this level we can fund a huge explosion i'd like to do" but the whole problem with that is it gives you an idea what the movie is about.. and i don't want to know anything until i see it on screen. so people smarter than i am should come up with the right way to tell us what we get for extra funds... it might take them a little while to craft the right thing to say so i'm being patient.
@phil: i know, right? haha, for some reason i am absolutely fixated. like now my compulsion is, "just gotta watch it hit 3.6!"
@michael yeah... i get laughed at....been watching intently too... check the screen as i pass by at work lol.
well, that could be another reward... but i'm talking seeing where the extra $ is going. personally, i am happy in simple equation that more $ = a better film, but others aren't so easily satisfied.
they can mean dinner with a cast member.
stretch goals don't necessarily mean swag. they can mean additional characters, different filming locations, etc... just showing more clearly what the extra funds will go to.
yeah i'm overall pretty positive that we'll hit 5 mil... even at a pace of just 20k per day we'd get there easily (as you say, counting on a conservative last couple day surge of 1 mil). i've just been watching this like a hawk since day one so i'm anxious for more action! :d
i know there are many who are expecting "stretch goals" as that is the norm with kickstarter projects. however, most stretch goals will require added expense for the creators of this project. this project is not like most manufactured product kickstarters in that the higher volume of pledgers, the lower cost of each unit, allowing more funds to be given back to the community in stretch goals. i would rather additional money going towards making this film the best it can be, than receiving more swag for my current pledge. that said, i would love to support the project further with add-on products whose cost can be covered by the add-on amount along with extra going to film production.
remember too, it feels like this has been going on a while but it's only day four.. expect them to not want to throw everything out early... dropping in tidbits and goodies once a week or so would kickstart the kickstart if you will :-p
@michael i agree that stretch goals should be created but the big one is the international community and getting apparently australian support because i've seen several complaints and it needs a wider audience to feed off of.  however, as i looked at all the big projects, they all look like this... huge first two days.. then continual slowdown till it sits at a low but consistent tally per day, then a big second to last day and huge last day... so i'm hoping we get the same spike at the end. meanwhile let's all rejoice, we look like we're hitting 2.6 mil today!
i think at this point it's time for rob to post some kind of stretch goals. i've heard the sentiment that "it's already funded, so why keep contributing?" expressed a few times, which is a little concerning...
this campaign would probably really pick up momentum again if they would introduce a reward level that would allow fans from overseas to get a digital copy of the movie. providing a digital copy shouldn't pose any fulfilment issues or budget problems. i love the show, i adore kristen and i absolutely support this project but the reward strategy is really strange. the rewards feel kinda soulless and un-kickstarter-like. i read that wb had to approve the list - that explains a lot. looks like they are lacking a clear stretch goal strategy, too. probably has to be approved by wb as well. they had an awesome start, thanks to this amazing fanbase. would be a shame to see the project loose its momentum  due to mistakes in campaign mmgt...
mr. king has a website and a fan club. perhaps they could be contacted.
@marlena - glad you enjoyed the article and i must agree it's pretty amazing to witness all of the many milestones and opportunities that are arising thanks to crowdfunding. i could name quite a few tv shows as well that i'd love to see hit the big screen. stargate universe as an example comes to mind, i personally don't feel that show got a proper ending.
hi all!  has anyone made posters to print out and put up, yet?  i've backed a few projects where the backers or the project heads made digital posters and flyers for lots of physical advertising as well as digital.
@balabanto makes a great point, anyone heard if stephen king's gotten wind of this? don't necessarily know anything about his social media reach, but could be cool to have him weigh in.
@darryl - cool article. as a chuck fan, i loved the comment about zachary levi considering doing this for chuck. i would totally be on board with that one, too. it's really amazing that we get this chance, and while i can't afford to do this (help fund) for every tv show i want to see a movie for (and it's a long list, since i believe every show that is cancelled without having an official ending deserves the chance to wrap things up in one last story), i love that this campaign has started the chance for that to happen. and even more, i love that it's one of my (favorite) shows that is starting this. veronica mars is amazing and a huge thanks to rob thomas and everyone for giving us this chance. let's help make this amazing.
steven king is also a big fan,
what can we do to spread the word? there are still 26 days left, it can't be that hard to reach  som more millions.
as a fan i am proud to support this project both financially and by word of mouth! to help spread the word i've been posting on twitter, facebook, linkedin, etc... and have also wrote the following article titled "to mars and beyond" which i hope you all enjoy: http://www.startingtrends.com/to-mars-and-beyond/
there's still 26 days to go.  the goal has been met, but there's still more we can do.  it's still made more money in the past 24 hours than many other kickstarter projects ever do.  $4 million is a near guarantee by the end.  $5 million is doable.  beyond that... gravy.  :)
lets not forget that 20% of the funds will be lost by paying the kickstarter and amazon payments fees and about half a million will go to the cost of the rewards and shipping costs. movies are very expensive, and the more funds available the better the odds of the whole cast reuniting for this.
i think there might be quite a bit of "higher end" chipping in at the end, from such fans as lauren graham, joss wheedon, zachary quinto, nathan fillion has talked about chipping in.....
@meryl: wb is not picking up the rest of the cost! they will take care of distribution and promotion, but the actual funds to pay actors, film, edit and cut the movie (and any extra expenses) will come from this campaign. $3.5 million in 4 days is great, but we need to continue promoting the kickstarter to get to $10 million and beyond.
they're only picking up marketing and distribution, the production itself is solely based on fan funding http://www.slashfilm.com/warner-bros-officially-greenlights-veronica-mars-but-wont-give-additional-funding-find-out-where-to-stream-the-original-series/
i'm not concerned that pledges are slowing. wb is going to pick up the rest of the bill, there's no more need for fans to donate. we're already given enough money to a giant, wealthy studio.
it's official: veronica mars will not be an f.b.i. agent.
@magan @lilly thanks guys. :' )
*not
@rory- if people want to talk about vw, what better venue than a group of 54000 fans?  it's no harming anything, and noone's forcing you to partake
that's great everyone spreading the word, i have myself on twitter. :)
haha @kate that would make people cynical read my lost post to @balabanto and that's why i believe in possibilities. :)
@balabanto sometime that has to do with your own experiences in life. ive known people who've been together for years and people who just couldn't make it. ive work with 2 people for ex one married his with after 3 months of knowing each other the 2nd person married his wife after 2 wks. the first guy been married for 11yrs and the 2nd guy 16yrs. by me having seen both sides of love it makes me believe in true love and happily ever after but at the same time i know that some people can't make it as a couple.
thank you @robyn for the idea!
@rory if you haven't notice people have been chatting since this project started. if you don't like it then thats your problem, don't come on a comment section telling people not to chat???? o_o if you haven't notice next to the post comment button it says "be respectful and considerate" maybe you should take that advice.
i've been posting on all my gaming accounts on facebook. this is what i've been posting; feel free to use it as well: any veronica mars fans out there?????????? help us fund the movie! great incentives and a chance to be a part of history! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project no donation is too small! comment if you donate so that i can thank you in another status!
please add more high end rewards! they sold out too fast! thank you...how about starting another kickstart campaign for the sequel?
i told all my followers to donate.... and i've posted the link multiple times on my facebook.
just posted on other pages for my friends to please post!  lol. even if we get one more person giving because of it, it is one more person we didn't have before! ;)
any support helps!  there is no hurt in trying and doing what we can do!  you are awesome marlena!
@robyn - i can do that. i'm not doing a bunch of tweeting at the moment, but i can certainly try and get #veronicamarsmovie at the end of my tweets (or most of them. i have an account where that probably would be appropriate, but there are only a couple of dozen followers on that on, so it wouldn't amount to much aznyway.
awesome job robyn!!! i am not familiar with twitter, but after this i started following rob and kristen to see if they were giving any updates on this whole thing.  i am still not sure how it all works yet (twitter), but will definitely try to help in any ways that i can! ;)
i've been all over my tv twitter account (over 500 followers) begging for rts and donations. i think we need to make #veronicamarsmovie trend and have the link on every tweet we send! i've been doing veronica quotes and such with the tweets as well.
people spend so much money going out to eat, losing change on the ground and donating to causes at cash registers that they don't even know what they are for... this project should be a no brainer!!!  yes, i am just a little bit passionate over this!  lol.
just a $1 to show support is all that is needed.... and gets people to be a part of history and an awesome project!!!
robyn and brittney, i totally agree!!!  i have been trying to spread the word through friends and pages on facebook... any other ideas?  if all backers could post this page on one persons facebook and/or twitter account (besides themselves), maybe that would help?
animaniac; that tattoo sketch was satire.
the pledges have slowed but i'm happy that the number of backers is slowly but surely increasing! that's the number that i really want to see get bigger!! (don't care if they're making $1-$10 donations)
she has one that i know of. it's on her ankle.
$20,145 in the last 12 hours... the pledges are getting smaller and smaller. they have already halved since yesterday. we need to spread the word!
kate stone, lilly  and mansah this isn't a chat room, go talk somewhere else.
is kristen bell really covered with tatoos or was it just a prank? because she never showed them, even in interviews or the infamous "sloth meltdown" video...
i think the entertainment weekly article that mentions this project comes out on stands on march 22?  i am hoping that once that comes out more people will come on here!  all a timing issue i guess....
i won't fight to see them not together, but i just don't realistically think any relationship is sustainable.
@lilly i wish i did. but having recently had my heart broken i'm still super cynical. and i'm getting older in utah years :) (i'm 22, for the record) haha a couple fighting for the relationship no matter what is a line right out of scrubs. :d another amazing show.
@tabetha i can't imagine love not being together either. also all charges will be made on april 12th at 11pm edt so make sure you have your pledge amount in your account at that time :)
honestly, i am all for however rob sees it going!  he made such a great show in the first place!
@katie that's why we have movies & tv shows so if in real life it doesn't happen we can at least believe in on the small or big screen lol ^_^ but i do believe in true love and happy endings not is the sappy why but in a more realistic way. as in a couple will have their problems but they will fight for their relationship no matter what.  haha
btw, on veronica and logan being together by the end of the movie.... i see no other way, but i do think that her and weevil had some good chemistry... now that would be a twist!  lol.
i feel so sad that these numbers have slowed.  i went on and spread the word to some comic con pages that i knew of.... i hope that helps!  i am planning on upping my pledge amount once i get paid again, but would still love to see the number of backers up in the millions!
then again, i don't actually believe in true love or happy endings in real life so i guess it's my hope to see it play out in fictional life. :)
@katie i love what you said there. lolololol i agree except for the last part i feel this way about a few other ships hahahaha as long as it is natural and doesn't affect the story.
@mansah oh hell no i know people that will fight to the death to see them not together. figuratively speaking.
@kate, haha, i guess i was just living in a bubble and assumed everybody was pro-logan and him and veronica together. my world's been shattered :p
@mansah i can understand you being open to the possibility of love not ending up together. maybe it won't be as clear as seeing them end up together but maybe it will be just a clear hint that they are endgame. who knows i'm just going to leave it up to rt and the story he wants to tell but by reading the couple of last questions from the faqs, the video the cast made and his jokes i feel like love will end up together. lolol its just my shipper heart no giving up on them.  :)
@lily; i completely agree about rt only joking and ultimately doing whatever he feels like (like 99,99999% because these things will mess with my mind a little). re: the clip it was definitely a huge consolation when i recovered from the series the first time; however i'm not going to hang him up on it -after all it's been six years; your ideas can change and a script evolve a million times in a period like that :p hadn't read the article before, thanks for sharing :)
i love that @lilly is always there to back me up on my obsessive desire for the sappy ending. put all the death and sadness and snark in there you want (we love it!!) but at the end of the day some of us hope that in the fictional world, two people with such a connection don't have to live their lives facing the world alone. this is not my opinion on all couples, for the record. just this one.
@mansah i actually meant all the people like my friends who said if love end up together it will ruin it for them. :) i feel like they are being so judgmental about it, personally. and most of the critics always pointed at logan as their favorite character (after kristen, of course) a lot of the critics said he was the most "lovable" and "interesting" and all. i think rob would threaten to kill logan because he is so beloved it would send people into a panic. :) especially me. jason dohring needs a tv show. one that doesn't get cancelled after one season. (rip moonlight/ringer)
sure, gay army boy on a photograph  on the wall. nowhere else. and weevil in flesh and bones, with locks.
@mansah i understand what you're saying. i do think with his jokes he is just joking bc he knows how many ppl love the character of logan and he is just playing around with the fanbase. rob thomas said in a interview during the 3rd season that a lot of people get mad at him bc of how he writes certain things and a lot of love fans hated characters that came between love but he ignores it bc he has a story to tell.  so tbh i think rob will tell the story he wants to tell and at the same time have the audience in consideration. here's one interview> http://www.ign.com/articles/2006/07/18/veronica-mars-season-3-kristen-bell-and-rob-thomas-talk… and here's the s3 finale scene and what rob thomas said it meant>  http://youtu.be/iidjm8ohk8u
that would be funny. ten years and piz became crew cut right wing army boy. that would actually be awesome.
@kate. you wrote people will have a huge fit if logan and veronica end up together, i assume you meant to insert a not somewhere:p @lilly, i have no problem if logan & veronica get together; i'm completely aboard that ship, and i don't think that it will take away from the story if it does. it's more that if rt didn't feel it when he was writing the script i am okay with it not happening -or it not being tied up all neatly in a bow. s3 ending killed me but it was also kind of perfect; ambiguous and open-ended and still has my mind boiling. if it happens it hope its because within that context it felt right not because it would go down better with the viewers. i'm actually not really worried about it at all, i have complete faith that whatever comes out will be because that's what rt wanted... (except he is making all these jokey comments about killing of logan and whatnot and i ask myself, was there a different way he wanted to go that he gave up because of fan consideration? )
right, he can came out of his closet and then, be thrown in one , or everywhere far far away from the screen... and take advantage from his time out to get a haircut
i would like a gay piz so much better.
@mansah not going to happen, i can tell you know ppl will be very upset, or annoyed, like wtf? lololol if love don't end up together. but that's expected since love has a large fanbase. but to be honest why do feel like just bc love might end up together its taking away from the story rob will tell? if you watch the series love was always going to end up together rob even explained that in the s3 dvd in not so many words. just bc a ship has a huge fanbase doesn't mean the writer is catering to them. its just mean the writer created something incredible and it impacted a lot of fans. :) with that said i just want a good story rather they end up together or not but i can't lie and say i won't be disappointed if they don't.
@mansah nope i'm missing the freudian slip. clue me in. :)
finally watched the s4 pitch video, shame not to see the regulars there but i liked the direction. can we have two vm movies, one from wherever they are going from with this one and one in the s4 style direction? :)
it would solve a lot of problems if piz came out of the closet.
maybe they could throw piz in the closet too
@kate: 'my hope, of course, is that people will not have a fit if veronica and logan do end up together (and that is an extremely big if)'  --have you noticed the freudian slip happening here? :p it made my day.
i mean have ryan help them throw rob in the closet. he called them "america's sweethearts" clearly he would be on team kristen/jason. :)
fine, throw ryan in there too.
anything that happens will be something rob wants to do. and that should be the end of it, he created some great characters and whe ought to have some faith in him to bring us all some fun, some snark, and the closure we didn't get to have with the series finale how he does it is his business, i guess. i do have faith in a sensible ending...
while kristin is pretty fit, rob is a lot of weight to carry into the closet. jason might have some issues.
or a tazer
rob is a big dude. they couldn't overpower him without drugs and booze.
my hope, of course, is that people will not have a fit if veronica and logan do end up together (and that is an extremely big if) i'm certain if that happens, rob thomas wanted it to happen (can't really imagine him kicking and screaming while kristen and jason dohring lock him in a closet and shoot their own romantic scene against his wishes. though it would be funny)
perhaps what rob thomas actually wants is to make a movie for his audience, it's not about pressure but about sense, creating something speaking of what he has to say in a way that makes sense for his audience:  what's the point of a tale  if there's almost nobody to hear it out?
@jdl: thank you for the shipping link. it may be useful not only in this case. about the script: i believe rob has a script or he has made plans for it and i also think we let him do it and wonder what we will get. can’t be bad. of course i understand the attraction of making your own story.
thank you danielle
sorry, cnd is just short for canada (in this context it means canadian), i have family out there. there are many ways you can get a us po box online thought so i would look into it. but think, try to make a friend in cnd or the us and have stuff shipped there, it a great excuse for a holiday and getting to see friend/family you have not seen in a while.
@michael, i couldn't agree more. all i want is a story that rings true to these spectacular characters; if it does that i'm sure i'm going to love whatever happens. (having said that i'm going to immediately contradict myself and say i do hope this 'best possible version' is going to involve a lot of snarking; above everything it's what made me fall in love with the show -and what i continue to return to time and again. i loved the fact that everybody got to have their snarky moments.  man, am i going to miss lamb).
thank you, jdl? i marked the page and i will surely use it if r.t. doesn't find a way ...
oops! french backers of course, french bakers don't need any help, only cakes lovers...
international backers: you can look into such sites as www.shipito.com to get us-only products shipped internationally.
@danielle, what is a cnd adress? how does it work? can i get my own and help out french bakers? (i live  in paris) ?
i pledged $200 on the day this campaign went live, and i just finished reading your interview with alan sepinwall (http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-on-the-wildly-successful-kickstarter-movie-campaign/). i don't think you should write the movie that you think fans want . you should write the movie that you want to write, the one that will give us the best possible version of this world and these characters after all this time has passed.
i live in england and would really really like it if us brits could pledge and get the rewards without having to have things shipped to friends who live in the states. as soon as uk and european pledges and rewards are possible, i am sure that the total amount raised will double!! at least! you have so many uk-based fans!!
i'm from germany too. fortunately i have an aunt in texas who comes to germany every summer so she'll bring it with her.
hey, if you backed the veronica mars movie at the la premiere level i made a facebook group so we can get to know each other before the big day. join the group here: http://www.facebook.com/groups/veronicamarslapremiere/ let other la premiere backers know about it. spread the word.
no, international backers only the money in us dollars. i live in the uk and backed what i could while choosing a pledge level that was at a lower price point. (i have a cnd address to ship too). i have also allowed all my friends over here to have there pledge packets shipped to my cnd address. we should help out the internationals.
@michael - that’s what i hope and it’s nice to see. even watching this project growing and “meeting” people who care about it  is so much fun.
@gabriele there are more of us here than you might think. ;-) i immediately pledged $100 after hearing about this kickstarter, regardless of possible problems with the rewards. but of course it would be great if this could be sorted out for international fans.
@karsten. hi!  not many germans around here. i think there is time enough to find a solution for us and some of us will be willing to update their pledges.
$3.5m. is a great number after a couple of days! i am from germany and of course i already gave some money. once there are packages for overseas fans, i'll buy one for sure.
seriously , if they started with international shipping and paypal on kickstarter we would be at 6 or 7 million right now !! creditcards arent used that much with the vm audience (in europe that is) !
is that you sarah??!!
joe the movie will definitely make a profit down the road. the studio wouldn't even consider this if the dvd's and digital downloads of the 3 seasons didn't do pretty well. serenity bombed in the movie theaters (the movie based off of the series firefly). a few years later it had gone well into the black profit wise. blu-ray and regular dvd sales were through the roof just like the 1 season series did. vm movie will definitely make money.
tami <3
i was out tonight, and i met 2 vm fans who have not backed the project!! *tsk tsk* (you know how you are). both of them were uninspired to pledge since they only found out about the fundraising after 2 million had already been reached! and cause all the good rewards were taken. i made them promise to pledge, even a dollar; just so the number of backers would be more reflective of the number of fans! :) i don't think lack of backers is due to lack of knowledge. news of this project is everywhere!! its crazy wonderful to have so many people (mostly non-fans) bring the news of this up to me!
i'm with you tabetha. i would love to see the backers total skyrocket. i hope all vm fans (millions) show their support by the end of the 30 days; and i hope the movie doesn't bomb at the box office!
raising awareness is very important. most big projects i backed had the creators spend the following month treading being on kickstarter as a full time job. be it updating regularly, giving the backers news and answering their questions (even in videos, videos help a lot, just a nice little vlog talking about whats going on) or be it being interviewed all over the place, talking to all sorts of media ect.
i read something about likely revenue from streaming and net release
if a few million watched the show, and there are 54,000 backers currently, then the majority of people who watched the show haven't backed the project yet. but most of the people i talk to don't even know kickstarter exists.
i don't think that the overwhelming majority is pledging... i even think that most of the people who watched veronica mars don't know about the kickstarter funding. moreover even if there won't be a lot of people going to see it in a movie theatre it can be sold to tv chains, and as dvds...
also, i think warner is going to handle the marketing and distribution, which not only covers a large amount of cost, but ultimately will determine how successful the release will be. that doesn't come from pledge money, they've committed their own funds.
personally, i don't care if i own the digital version or not.  there's no way i wouldn't see this thing on the big screen.  at least once.  maybe more.
does anybody think that the veronica mars movie will make a profit?  let's say that the overwhelming majority of people who are interested in the movie pledge and that most of those people will be receiving a digital download or dvd of the movie or both.  so they then use all of the pledge money as production cost for the movie--how much of a revenue stream is left?  warner brothers is planning a very limited theatrical release so most veronica mars fans won't have the chance to see it in a theater.  most fans will already own their home video version from the pledge drive.  i'm sure the people behind this are a lot smarter than i am and they have this figured out but i'm having trouble seeing how the movie is going to make money if all of the pledge money is spent to make the movie.
i wonder if the internationals see kickstarter in their own currency. great for england. crappy for india. "i would need a wheelbarrow to pay for my dvd!"
heh. let the pledges do the talking for now. average pledge is 65.9 or so. that's pretty good.
well some response is better than none :o)
and that's probably as it should be.
i should warn everyone that the response was brief and contained absolutely no useful information. :)
@ balabanto yay!!! well i hope so!!!
at various times, yes. i got a response from him. i don't know if enrico and the guys will be coming to see me for clothes. but i can hope a lot. :)
i love ken marino, i hope he is in the movie!!
@ balabanto  lol... well  i was meaning all seeing all powerful etc ... but a hot glinda is better :p do you think rob and the cast are reading all our comments by the way?
@tami: if that comes with the new version of glinda? i am totally down with that.
@robyn: really appreciate your efforts in tracking this!
did a little tweeting. i may not have a huge following, but maybe one of my followers hasn't heard about this and wants to know about it.
and if the internationals get the go ahead, sky's the limit
i think we can make it to 5 mill
@balabanto hi b!! i see you are around offering motivation and insight as per usual.  hey everyone, i would not take what b says lightly.. he's like the wizard of oz... in the best possible way of course.
heck, even my senior citizen cat, who is like 13 and never does anything, is running around the house yowling, excited about this.
well, ending my 12 hour pledge count a half hour early to go to bed, but in 11 and a half hours, we raised an additional $62,680! that's more than we raised in the previous 12 hours! will update again at 12:10pm ct tomorrow.
@jamie - thanks, again for posting a comment about this in the dice rings comments. i would have found out anyway, because my brother told me about it the next day, but this way i had already pledged when he told me. i'm excited about this.
god, i want to see 4 million by the end of the weekend.
we already won, mike. it's just a question of how much win we want.
glad to see this is still rolling along!  so what's the stretch goal for outer space? :)
so many positive waves, maybe we can't lose.
i pledged just a small amount so that the network could see more people as backers! i live in australia and absolutely loved this show!!
so true! :)
i live my life by these principles, tabby. let me strive to make myself better each day, that all men may profit by it. let me take what comes each day with a smile, without the loss of courage. let me think of my friends, my associates, and my country in everything i say and do. let me think of the right. and harm no man. a wise man named lester dent wrote those words. if only more people followed them.
you've got good vibes balabanto!  i can tell you are a great person!  i know they appreciate your love and support!!!
<3
and i miss them. they're really nice people.
tabby, i dressed enrico and jason for the show before season one. my emotional investment is a little more than yours. :) that olive windowpane sportcoat and the blue check sportcoat enrico wore throughout season 2? i sold him that. :) these people are friends. i don't give up on them.
@balabanto, that is so sweet to give your entire bonus, but i don't even think that is necessary.  just give what you can comfortably give.  the fact that you showed support is awesome!  but i think everyone has proved that vm fans are awesome and good-hearted people! ;)
you should worry less about that. remember this: most people get paid on thursday and monday. some people only get paid once every two weeks. i think they should have waited to launch until april 2nd, but this is what we got.
i am not even saying that it's the pledged money support at this point, i worry about the numbers of backers... i wish there were more....
hey. all i can give is my entire bonus for the year. i just don't know what that total is yet, tabby. i'll know on march 26.
this show had over 300 million viewers when it went off the air and gained even more support after the series ended, simply by word of mouth.....  we need to get all of these people to get on here and give, even if it is just a dollar, just to show backer/viewer support.  we need to show that this project is worth making and is worth bringing back as a movie, mini-series,  and even tv series....
you never know what could happen if there is enough support on this and when the movie actually comes out...even if actors have other tv projects going on, numbers/viewer support talks!
and now, some suggested stretch goals. photos from the shoot in an update, available to backers only.
i agree that international backers will be a huge help. i know rob et all are busy but daily or every other day updates may help overall momentum.
come on, guys! 4 million by the end of the weekend! it can be done! really! truly!
heh. you know she'd drop it for this, michael. in a heartbeat.
except kristen bell is already starring in a different tv series...
i pledged because my wife and myself really enjoyed the series, but i'd pledge more if some of those rewards were accessible to international backers... $10 for now and crossing fingers that the "us and canada only" limitation can somehow be lifted (i live in japan)
you just need 48 million dollars or so to make that a reality.
see, that would be a good stretch goal. a season of tv after the movie is over.
when you feed the trolls they stay around longer. @balabanto i +1 this. more tv. maybe ms bell can convince more people to join after the movie is a hit. @gordon yes this is the beginning of the movie year
rob, this is the greatest idea in history!! i am glad to back this project!!!
do us territories such as puerto rico count as us?
there's a huge international presence. 20 percent of the top posters on neptune rising were from australia. mock not the internationals. they don't all love us tv. but vm...they liked.
never thought i'd live to be a movie backer- what a rush!
@iana - the script pdfs are available internationally.
@lisa - i don't know if you saw them, but most comments on the first day from international backers was along the lines of: "we'll pay postage - just let us." i think if they could fix the rights or whatever is stopping them, letting people have the option to pay for postage if they want to is valid... it's like the pldge, you only do it if you want to. nobody's forcing anybody. :)
any chance we could get an a la carte menu for at least the t-shirts? i introduced my cousins to veronica mars about 5 years ago and they fell in love with the show. i would like to buy them each a t-shirt if it was an option.
if t-shirts and the like aren't possible internationally, i would wonder if at least the digital gifts with purchase are -- such as a pdf of the script, a downloadable file of the film, etc. i don't personally know a lot about international laws, but i'd assume that if nothing else is feasible than this could, potentially, be simple to facilitate...
i gave money and left a message the first day, but i wanted to add my two cents.  i want to see more of veronica's story, and i'm willing to contribute my $50 to see the project happen. i hope that my money will go to the making of a spectacular vm movie, not to providing impressive rewards for me and everyone else.  just getting a copy of the downloaded movie is enough in case wb doesn't send the movie to a theater near me.
@craig - i was thinking they probably didn't expect such a great international presence...
so glad there's canadian shipping now!  i don't have a lot of money to spare, but i'm happy to send a little to help get this movie made.  thanks to rob and all the cast and crew for doing all the work to get this made.  can't wait to see what happens in the movie!!
thanks for the feedback guy i'll keep an eye on the project updates as we have almost 4 weeks to make any changes. like i said i want to donate i just wish they had though of the international fans from the start. they would probably be well over 5 million already if they had.
its not $50 for the dvd... its $50 for the dvd, the digital download, the t-shirt and the pdf of the shooting script.
so happy that rewards ship to canada now - yeah!!!
i'm honestly surprised that it took this long for the first project of this nature to pop up...
@aaron if they try, it'll just dilute all the money... so i wouldn't worry... they'll still have to fund the old fashioned way.
@jdl  i'm with christian on this one. i think you're missing the point of fundraising if you decide to not pledge a certain amount because the item you'll receive will be cheaper when it comes out in stores. this is much more of a passion project for dedicated fans. i can understand why some other kickstarter projects "sell" the product they're raising the money to produce at a lower cost than will be found in stores, but that's because the project is financing the manufacturing of the item itself. this project isn't financing the creation of a dvd; the dvd is secondary. it's financing the making a movie. as christian noted, a kickstarter project like this one really shouldn't be seen as a place to buy items at a discount; it's a passion project that i believe most fans are giving money to help produce the film first and see the rewards as secondary.
yesss the fact that we are just financing this now and it'll be out in a year is pretty amazing
still got my fingers crossed for uk delivery. i also really hope this project doesn't pave the way for more and more studios to fund this way rather than directly for their smaller projects.
some people just want something for nothing... focus on the fact that they start shooting this summer ;-)
here here!  we are most definitely gonna get one heck of a movie :)
anyway. i've said my piece, and i'll let you all get back to your regularly scheduled discussions. hooray for a vm movie! i look forward to seeing it, and i am positively thrilled at the potential this kickstarter has for reviving other cult shows in the future.
it's $50 for the filmmaking.  the dvd is just a thank you
@christian developers at torment haven't indicated the degree of voice acting. there may be none, or it may be limited to the main character, or to the main plus companions, or any number of other combinations. but it will probably not have full voice acting, because the expense there is quite prohibitive. for a aaa title with massive publisher backing ($250 million+), full voice acting is doable; at the $3-5 million range, not so much, especially with a project as writing-heavy as torment promises to be. to say they use $500k stretch goals just to hire new team members is disingenuous: https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/projects/444692/posts/427226/image-223570-full.jpg… you can see that new team members are only one part of each of the $500k stretch goals. you're right that ks isn't intended to be a preorder system. however, that's the way it generally works. i suspect reward tiers that include the finished product have far and away many more backers than those which don't. if they want to encourage me to spend more, they should enable me to decide what i want. as it is, $50 for the dvd is encouraging me to keep my money.
and christian, i tend to agree with you.  i would like to see most of the funds go directly toward the movie over "better valued" goodie bags.  the rewards are excellent incentive, (i'm not saying they shouldn't have them) but they're not the point.  it's important to remember that the true purpose of kickstarter is to fund the film, not sell promotionals.  as a fan, i find much more value in screentime.  so if higher reward cost = better movie, i consider it a worthy tradeoff.
it's already got 53,000 backers in three days... pebble and ouya were in the 60k range for the entire 30 day run... so it's probably going to have more backers than those projects... and lots of money.... over five million seems like a very safe spot to cross our fingers at but i still think it could pull 8 with international support, grinding out, and fans just talking it up.
i am eagerly awaiting the next batch of higher-tier rewards to be rolled out. that'll make the numbers jump :)
i am sure that once options for international backers open up there will be another surge.  i am an international backer, but can really only back the $10 option until things open up.
i'm sad but not surprised to see the numbers slowing.  hopefully they can get another surge once international shipping is made available.  or at least tempt us with some tantalizing stretch goals.
@jdl well i have funded a broader range of types of progects you have mostly funded rpgs wich cost less to make on a base level note that last time i cheaked tornment was still saying no voice acting they also use 500k stratch goals just to hire a new team member the size of the team for this moie alone at that rate would blow the buget day one theres going to be at least 6 returning that we know of and they haven't even talked about behind the camera and as i said before kickstarter is not ment as a store business that use it that way are breaking the rules its ment for funding. and you get more then the movie so its not $50 for the movie thats the point of making it in a pack to encurage you to spend more
i think we can reach at least 5mil by the end of this thing!  let's keep the positive momentum up guys!!!
to rob and kristen, thank you for doing this. we, the fans, know that you will do your best. we know that you want to please us and the best way to do that is by being true to the characters. i look forward to hearing up date and i have just gotten my flatmate to start watching the series. if you can do a london premier i think we can get a sizeable crowd out to support you. this movie might just make me have to start a twitter account. thanks again, danielle
all of that is not to say that the way this project is being managed is "wrong." it's just not right for me.
@christian when movies go on sale after they're released in theaters, they are not sold at cost. vm is the 12th kickstarter i've backed. most of those have been gaming related. monte cook's numenera project offered the core book at $60. that's what rpg books generally retail for; in fact, his will retail at $70 once it hits the shelves in august. he also included a good $100 worth of pdfs for free with that. same thing with tremulus and fate core, and the grand temple of jing to a lesser extent. project eternity offered downloadable copies of their computer game for $20 or $25. wasteland 2 offered them for $15. torment is offering them for $20 or $25. all of these prices are at or below what they will be priced after their projects.
@jdl if they give it to you at 20 wheres the money going to come from for the movie to be made? kickstarter is not for buying its for funding so you should never be geting great deals and seeing as movies sel as you said it your self around 20$ they cant give us that. ontop of that there is about 1k backers under $10 so even if all them were at $1 we would only see and incress of $20k from giving a dvd at $20 there is +12k backers at $50 meaning a potentol loss of $360k do the math giving you your dvd will hurt the project
ever since veronica mars went off the air, i too have had a hole in my heart. a veronica mar's shaped hole. i have always held on to the hope that veronica will return. whether it's donating to the save veronica mars campaign or marathon tweeting during the get #veronicamarsmovie trending events on twitter, i have hoped hard for veronica's return and have seen that hope in countless other fans. it is incredible to see that our undying support will finally pay off. thank you! we've always been here waiting.
big fans of veronica mars here at the tanner household, glad to be able to help out and get this movie rolling. comet would like a cameo possibly as well as my annoying neighbor, kimmy gibbler. can't wait to see the finished product!! anyway, need to go finish up some vocals for this new beach boys record. have mercy!!
ahhhh i meant "you would be paying $50 for a dvd you can get for $20"!!
@jdl---yes, i get what you are saying and it makes sense if you are looking at our pledges as purely "buying and paying for merchandise" than yes, it would make more sense to just donate $1 and buy the dvd later on for less. to me, i didn't know goodies were even being offered when i was finding the link to this page, so i was ready to donate $50 just to fund this project. to me the "at this level you can get....." is just a bonus. yeah obviously it's there to inspire bigger donations but still. i think your mentality is that you are only pledging money for the physical goods you are getting wheras from my point of view yeah you would be paying $50 for a dvd you can get for $50 but you're also pledging that little extra to this amazing opportunity and making the film be better executed as well.
if we contribute enough, we can get a new season after the movie.
@christian - maybe, but i'm talking about add-ons that aren't already in pledges. i want mars investigation swag, some sort of detective kit. if they put that in a pledge level fine, but i'm not trying to put the poster, the t-shirt, the dvd, etc as add-ons, just stuff that's not already on there. i really don't care if they are add-ons or pledge levels. i just want a bunch of additional options and if you look at things like kingdom death: monster which had massive amounts off add on potential and for only 5,410 people still managed to get $2,049,721 in pledges at an average pledge of $379 per person. a ton of that was in add-ons, so i think it depends on how you deal with add-ons. if the add-ons are available in the pledges, then it probably will take away from pledge amounts, but if the add-ons are only available as add-ons, i think it could work. either way, this currently has none and i hope the little extras i want are created and become options for this.
@christian page the flip side of that is people like me. i have contributed $1, because to get what i want (the dvd), i have to spend $50. instead, i can wait until after it comes out and buy the movie for $20.
so glad you added shipping to canada! i was most worried about distribution so i just had to buy the dvd!
i have posted this link on all fan pages that i was a member of on fb, but there must be other pages that i am not thinking of.  if you guys know of some, please post!  is there a comic con fan page?  i am trying ot get the backers number up!!!
if you do not want extra stuff you dont have to you can donate 10k and as long as you have the second ter selected all you will get is the movie and script
@marlena---i love how you said that "i want him to give us veronica mars and i want him to make us believe that what we are seeing on screen is the only possible way the story could have gone, because it is the only possible way the characters could have reacted." that's perfectly put. i guess the biggest reason i want his vision is because what he has planned is what it is. it is the story. i trust him. anything changed because of any of us wouldn't really be it. and i think one of the strongest aspects of the show is how consistent he's been with characterizations. that is my main thing. have it be real, make it consistent with the show. @tabetha--wow that was an intense thought! i think you are right that he would feel a void if he didn't finish it they he wanted to. he created this and it's his to finish. and again...i trust him!
ad ons run the risk of losing more money they make the pepole pledgeing 500$ plus would lower there vote alot if they only had to spend 100 to get the thing they realy wanted if your gven the poster for less then its current goal everyone at that level may lower there pledge to your level if you could chose the poster or the shirt at $35 it would be cheaper to get two $35 tears then to upgread to get the poster
i wish i knew more ways to get the word out on this project.  i want to show executives that there is still a huge fan base for this show!  i, myself really don't read or watch tv that much for enjoyment anymore due to being so busy, if it wasn't for a friend telling me about this whole thing, i would have never known.  i bet there are tons of people like that!  i am hoping this movie sparks interest in old and new fans!
i was thinking that, if we can get enough fan votes and support over this that maybe a new series would be in demand, a type of spin-off from the movie.
@ brittany, really good point!  i agree with hoping that rob makes the movie that he wants, not feeling pressure from the fans.  we love what he did before and are anxious to see what he comes up with this time around!!! i think he would feel a void if he didn't do what he wanted....
@brittney - i have many things i would love to see, but you are exactly right. and i know if i was in rob's place, i would not like to do something with the characters i created just because someone else told me to. i hope he not only doesn't cave to pressure from fans, but i hope he doesn't have to deal with that from warner brothers. i want him to give us veronica mars and i want him to make us believe that what we are seeing on screen is the only possible way the story could have gone, because it is the only possible way the characters could have reacted.
the 10 year anniversary project starts here at kickstarter! i am so happy i can't tell... keep it going, fun, fun, fun! :d
@shelley - maybe rob needs to have a i-don't-want-this option. i do want the t-shirt, but i don't really care about the poster. i wish kickstarter had a make-your-own-pledge ability. before anyone starts jumping on me, this would be something entirely based on add-ons. you would pick a base level and then pick which items from a list of created chosen add-ons you liked, instead of having the add-ons be a mystery until the end of the kickstarter. of course this kickstarter doesn't have any add-ons at present, but i hope it gets some, because i have some stuff i'd like for that if they'd only make them.
i think it's been discussed in here multiple times but i just read about it in an article earlier today and haven't had the opportunity to say what i think. on the subject of rob "feeling the pressure" because of the backers and wanting to "give the fans what they want". that makes me sad and i hope he has plenty of inspiring people by his side telling him to set all that aside and do what he wants. we didn't fall in love with these characters and storylines because of us and our decisions, it's rob's vision that has made us such fiercely loyal fans. so i hope to god he gives us what he has envisioned and doesn't let anything else sway him!
@marlena that's probably true. i think i remember the watch you're talking about.
i think someone said ouya was the second largest funded project on kickstarter after some watch. looks like i "under pledged" on that one by $6.56, oh well. looking forward to that and to all my other kickstarter projects that are still to be fulfilled. whatever this movie has in it, i'm sure it will be awesome. i am waiting for more updates about add ons and stretch goals and such before i decide if i am going to up my pledge any more. i think my brother needs to tell me if he wants anything. i could pledge with my other account if he does. he's the other veronica mars fan in my family.
@shelley unfortunately, no. the only way to get the movie is to also have swag attached to it, which i am not interested in. i'd love a tier that gave digital distribution of the movie + dvd. don't need the shirt or posters.
is there a way to get the digital copy of the movie without the t-shirt? not that it wouldn't be cool, but i'd rather the money went to the movie instead of my t-shirt. don't want to give up the pdf or digital copy, though, which don't require shipping...
drm free digital distribution definitely seems like a great stretch goal!
i like longer, so the idea of a stretch goal with more movie time would be awesome. although the goals about mac (which is probably more on the actress then on rob) and madison (also requires the actress to agree to be in the movie, but adds something to it if she is) would be both be nice goals. no region locking would be amazingly awesome, because region locking is so annoying. same with the drm free digital distribution.
@laurie @brittney bear in mind that the largest funded project on kickstarter, the ouya, had 63,416 backers with an average pledge of $135.56. vm, after only three days, has 53,508 backers with an average pledge of $65.97. kickstarter just isn't mainstream enough to draw truly enormous numbers of people yet.
@brittney exactly!
@laurie i agree! i think the 3.5 mil is fantastic but i'm a little bit more concerned about the 53,000 backers....i mean come on. i know there have got to be 10x that many fans out there at least! yeah, we've come up with a lot of money but i think i would be more proud to see 3.5 mil donated by 150,000 fans rather than a much smaller group. i just want to show people how many of us are out there!
"at 4 million, madison sinclair gets punched in the face repeatedly!" that's one i could get behind :)
@micheal stretch goals for a longer movie is something i'm pretty sure everyone could get behind.
@phil: agreed. it's tricky; unless we can have a few vague things like, " at 5 million the movie will be 15 minutes longer!" or something. i would definitely be curious as to the cost of shooting at the various locations, which he said would be based on funding. because it pretty much needs to be in sd.
@phil - he wouldn't have to be specific about it. he could say, "at $4 million, we guarantee mac will be back," for example.
@phil there's always a brawl. you gotta know that there's always going to be one last tribute knockdown drag out fight :) that always ends before anyone is seriously injured.
@marilia just remember, weevils wobble but they dont fall down. ;)
man... it seems like in this instance... telling people what he would put in the movie if he had this much or that much would pretty much be a bunch of spoilers... i wasn't even happy about the brawl being outed...
for my part, i'd like to see these for stretch goals: no region locking on dvds and blu-ray discs. worldwide, drm free digital distribution. high-res wallpapers for all backers.
@jason watts agreed. concrete details about what, specifically, will improve drive people to up their pledges much more than saying, "more money = better stuff!"
@jdl the stretch goals are just higher production values. rob gave the example of the reunion altercation, which could be anything from tense words to a full out brawl, depending on the budget. with that said though, i would also like to see at least a few concrete stretch goals.
this is the first project i've seen (i've backed 11 other projects) that doesn't have stretch goals.
@kate ha, that was my guess. i was a leliana man. ;)
stretch goals for me are based on what my bonus is at the end of the month.
love forever. still remember waiting for the sneak peeks that upn would post before the show. oh, the nostalgia. i still love that scene with logan sprawled out on veronica on the couch after finding out about who killed lilly, and the scene with veronica sprawled out on logan on the couch after the plane blows up. such a simple way to show how they're both messed up to the point to be right for each other, but deeply loyal at the same time.
@jdl i think most of the concern stems from the fact that rob is on record saying that 5 million would be ideal. i for one am not sure why that wasn't the original goal.
i don't know why people are terribly concerned at this point anyway. there are no stretch goals, and it has made its funding. if nothing else, i'd like to see it not get anymore until rob announces stretch goals.
it seems to be slowing down a bit. over 3.5 is brilliant. but, once they sort out the 'international' situation, there will be a surge of international marshmallows ready to come on board. it will make the 5m but lets keep the momentum going... anything over 5m would be amazing.
it went up 7 grand in an hour... why are people sweating?
so, alistair
@jason yup. and just think of the most sappy and generic romance and that's me!
the vm fb page has more than 300,000 fans. i am very surprised that more haven't kicked in. however, it has only been a few days.
@kate were you a dragon age: origins player, and if so which romance option did you choose?
is it just me or is the slowly increasing total far less bothersome than the fact that only 53,000 or so people have contributed?! surely there are far more fans of vm than that!
@jason that's why i always pick the destroy ending. in case y'all haven't figured it out, i'm a sucker for the happy endings. kaidan + shep forever! :d
@kate you want to talk about polarizing, the me3 ending was that in spades.
i was thinking about weevil... i'd like to see him not in prison, haha, but skirting - and sometimes crossing - the line as usual... hope it's not his death that spurs everything.. i liked weevil.
i look at it like the end of mass effect 3 (spoiler alert) you can't always get what you want, but there's still that chance that everything could turn out the way you hope. it's open to interpretation. at the same time, it's not a vague look either.
what about a boston premiere and after party? (or san diego area (in honor of neptune) although it's kind of close to la for a 2nd premiere but who cares about convention with this whole thing anyway) (that would pop the total up another $137,500 in a split)
you make good points grapeson. i hadn't thought about it that way. the show has certainly always been honest in its portrayls in life, i.e. just because the movie ends with v and logan getting back together doesn't mean they will settle down and have kids and whatnot after the credits roll. i simply don't wanna see that though. i'd like to give the fans the kind of credit you are giving them too, but i can't help but think some of them don't deserve the benefit of the doubt and will be outraged if they don't end up together by the final reel of the movie.
*sniff* i feel like i have $53,410 more friends now. so, like, why aren't you following me on twitter? jk! or not, whatever. anyway, see you in neptune!
canadian backer, checking in! our dollar's pretty much at par now, so it's really just the extra shipping fee. go $10 million!!!  nuclear submarines have such scope for angsty brooding and noir-y lighting.
rob: my first take on this is that "v and logan ending up together" is not the same thing as getting a happy ending. i think most fans are quite sophisticated enough to realize that logan's "lives ruined, bloodshed" quote is a pretty accurate picture of what happens when they're together. which doesn't mean we don't want to see it in all its tortured glory, of course. :) but more to the point (and despite what v herself says), "ambiguity" has always been the watchword on this show. there's never a real ending; even when a case is closed its emotions stick around forever. i think most fans who say they want a certain "ending" really mean they just want to see more of whatever it is. on-screen, too, not just implied to happen after the credits roll. maybe i'm giving them too much credit? but i do think they'd (we'd!) be disappointed if anything ever came to a real end and we knew that's how the status quo was going to be forever onwards. on another film/show, fine, but that's part of what makes vm special. so all this talk of a "happy ending" is a little misguided because the ending is not really what we're talking about at all, if that makes sense.
i'd love to see vmars on blu ray, if for nothing more than never having to deal with those annoying tweeny bop dvd menus. and add some audio commentaries please!
the question is not to know if we'll reach the 5m, but whether if we gonna see rob tazed before or after kb's delivery ?!?!
@kate - considering who i like better than him, and there are some more on that list that are less than nice people, i'm definitely not a fan either. favorite new recurring character for season three was max. next was probably the dean.
i hate piz, personally. but i defer to rob's judgement on that one. i understand the need for veronica to have more non-09er friends, but..... blech. something i always thought about was what if logan lost everything and suddenly became a poor schmuck like everyone else? i think that would be fascinating to watch him work in a coffee hut or something.
i wonder if wb will agree to release the seasons on blu-ray now? the whole thing was produced in hd so it's not like say buffy where it would be a much different matter and a ton of work and extra expense would be involved. this really needs to happen. but it's so awesome we are getting the movie!!
i'm waiting to see if there will be a true international option later on before i up my pledge.
kate got so excited, she lost count. :)
@kate - he had a full season to convince us to like piz. for me, it didn't work. i like him better than parker, but not as much as the now dead dean or even the guy who killed the dean, so while i will be fine with it if he can convince us, he's got a lot of ground to cover on that one. i think it would be hilarious if veronica ended up with dick. i'm not sure i want that for the "real" universe, but now i really want to see an au where veronica and dick end up together, maybe veronica sees dick (with a wife) and imagines herself in said wife's roll, trying to figure out what kind of woman would marry dick (for more than a week). that would be funny to watch (or read if someone wants to write a fanfic).
i saw the totals began to slow down so i doubled my pledge. i suggest if you can to do the same.
that's three questions. but you get the idea. i'm dead serious, by the way.
for real though, if any of you premiere kids happen to meet jason dohring, two questions for him from me: 1. are either of your brothers single 2. do they look anything at all like you 3. can you give them my phone number that's all. :)
pizhair is atrocious and not to be spoken of.
he makes me sad when i look at him. i just watched the first episode of season 3 again. he's so flipping awkward. come on, piz. you gotta make a better first impression than that. bust out a girl's headlights all sexy like or something. ;)
i agree about piz, never liked him enough to care... i really wouldn't want veronica ending up with him.
i'm kidding about the piz thing. i just dislike the guy, but if rob can convince us, then ok. i'm on board (please don't. his hair. what is that)
well if the movie is written half as well as the show was, i'm sure i'll be happy whatever the ending.
likely scenario that i see, she's going to end up alone. but you know what? that's okay too. as long as she doesn't end up with piz. ugh.
i really don't understand why people are saying, "if veronica and logan end up together, then rob thomas is just caving and this isn't really veronica mars anymore" (not in those exact words, i'm paraphrasing) respectfully, we can't force him to do anything, i think most fans (that i have seen) are pretty evenly split on the logan/veronica relationship, so someone is going to end up unhappy. rob thomas can do whatever he wants. i respect his work and his decision. hey, he could put veronica and dick together and if he makes a good case for it, that's fine. all the more power to him.
grapeson: i understand the need for closure in a relationship that lasted for a large portion of a series' run, however that's not what the fans are asking for. they want them to end up together. there's a big difference between closure and a happy ending
his wife probably is cursing the day that this project made goal.
@jason you're probably right. damn, his wife is so lucky. the good ones always get married young. ;)
@craig don't give up though, he stated he'd try to get something for international within a couple weeks.
@craig you can click manage your pledge...
craig best: technically, you didn't donate anything, you just pledged. you're free to modify or withdraw your pledge until the project ends. anyway the problem you're describing related to the limitations of kickstarter. kickstarter only allows projects to choose to ship to the us and worldwide. there is no option for us and canada or anything else. if they choose us only then anyone kickstarter thinks is outside the us will be told they can't back including people from canada. it's easy to get around this but is confusing and could cause other problems. so they choose worldwide and clearly specify in the pledges it is us and canada only. it always pays to read the pledge properly before pledging as other projects charge extra for shipping for some but not all countries outside the us or have other limitations. amazon is only really involved as the payment processor here, kickstarter doesn't really care much what address amazon has for you. i'm not sure if kickstarter even provides the amazon address to projects but many projects do not rely on it because there tends to be a long gap between fulfillment and payment so people may have moved .
okay another question, if we can't get shipping outside us/canada can i change my pledge and how does that affect what i did at amazon?
wait so i just donated $50 plus $10 shipping for something i can't have shipped. i'm all fine with donation the $50 but paying $10 shipping when i still can't have the items is a plain rip off. it never warned me i was outside the shipping area when i got to amazon and entered my address!
most people get paid on monday or thursday. that's why the slowdown. also, st. patrick is raising his beer mug this weekend.
@robin in any case, the number crunching is moot at this point. to do a movie on par with an episode in quality they needed 2 million... now it's all about getting as much funding as is possible and getting excited about the movie we know we are going to get. did everyone read that article about possible footage at comicon that someone posted down there?! how cool would it be to see a clip as soon as july!!
@kate i think vm fans are much smarter and wiser (and snarkier) on the whole than twilight fans. ;)
another thought that came to mind regarding the numbers: maybe rob's 30% was already taking into account kickstarter's 5% and amazon's 2%. that would lighten the load a lot.
@ kate : well, both are spineless characters, and i do dislike both, either... though i only dislike piz storyline in vm, and the whole hsm...  @ everybody, especially rob : that's my opinion, of course. speaking of opinions, i'd like to know, what was the show about in yours?
phil, i agree that the 30% should come done some. but will it come down a lot? $2 million in pledges already required a lot of dvds and other items, so price scaling would have already come into effect. if the cost of fulfillment came down to 20%, and the 5% to kickstarter and 2% to amazon remained the same, we would need $6,850,000 to raise $5 million. that sounds better. but we don't have data to know whether it's true. right now, all we have is rob's statement that 30% of the first $2 million would go to fulfillment.
let's plan on hitting $4mil by tonight! what do ya'll say? :)
@robin they were based on two million... as the number climbs, the 30% part will drop.. you just cost of production doesn't change after the initial pay out, just the amount of stuff you have to make.
just to follow up on the numbers, if we lose an additional 7% as michael says below, then that's 37% that goes to purposes other than the film (30% to fulfillment, 5% to kickstarter and 2% to amazon payments). we would need almost $8 million ($7.937 million) in pledges to net $5 million for the film. hopefully some of those percentages can be negotiated down.
so piz and troy from high school musical look startlingly similar.... probably why i dislike him so much.
rob: i think that what most of us really want is an *appropriate* ending for v & logan. may or may not be happy, but should at least 100% acknowledge how important they are to each other. - unrelated: i've just been going back and reading all the television without pity recaps of s1. man, they're good. i remember watching the show as it aired and then desperately waiting for the recap each week. that was a fun community to be a part of. yay vm nostalgia!
3.5 million is amazing. but there is only 53,000 backers! i wanna see that number skyrocket. veronica mars has millions of fans (or it should). i want to see millions of backers!
@michael hi five!
and here is evidence! http://screenrant.com/kristen-bell-veronica-mars-movie-benm-79783/
i wouldn't worry too much. i am sure by the time it's all said and done rob and/or kristen will kick in a mil or two... this is a passion project for both of them; the only reason they didn't just self-finance the film is because wb questioned fan interest and therefore wouldn't distribute it. and we've certainly all responded to that question in a big way :)
people... it's at 3.5 million in three days... the totals will be awesome and an episode was 1.8 million to make so we can be assured that the movie will be better than an episode. keep pushing but don't be alarmed, you had to know there would be a slow down... it wasn't going to make 60 million because it did 2.5 the first day... though man.... what would they even do with 60 million?! i just don't see veronica mars as a summer action flick :-p
i wish i could donate enough to go to the official premiere, but since that's not going to happen (unless powerball wants to hook me up), i think it would be cool if us "associate producers" made plans to attend one of the midnight premieres in nyc en masse. any local marshmallows up for it?
pledged 25. would have done 50 if it was the blu ray as well as the dvd. p.s. am i the only one who does not want a happy ending for veronica and logan?  that would be so cheesy and has never been what the show is about.
we will be over 5 million in 4 days.
just wait for the international surge, like we got the canadian surge, my hope is that will take us over $5 million.
seriously!?about 30% won't go to the movie! that's worse than i hoped! we need 7.15, to have a 5 million film. that kinda blows.
arg!!!!!! pledges are really slowing down! come on people! we can reach farther, get more people involved! tell all your friends! we want a rocking movie!!!!!!!
i just found that... reactions anybody? http://www.buzzfeed.com/kmallikarjuna/things-that-must-be-in-the-veronica-mars-movie
you know how a bunch of women read twilight and then divorced their husbands because they wanted to search for their "edward"? wonder if that ever happened to logan. (like, i would never ever consider it..... ahem.... but you know, some poor souls out there might....)
@michael i mentioned earlier that i think kickstarter may have been persuaded by the massive promotion they will get from this kick start to be gentle on the 5 percent thing.. if i were a website trying to gain a new market, i'd probably work a deal with warner brothers.... but who knows. still, add another 25 percent just in case they tripled all the percentages. you know what... let's just make it easy, all 53,179 just bid $200 and we'll be good. :-p
also, don't forget kickstarter takes 5 percent of the total, and amazon payments takes 2 percent for each charge...
annoy, tiny blonde one. annoy like the wind!!
i noticed several people worried about the 30 percent of the 2 million that was going toward fulfillment. i'm assuming a good chunk of that is based on creation of the materials and once you have the master prints, the warehouses to ship from, the companies helping you fulfill orders, it usually significantly drops the cost to deliver goods... so i wouldn't panic about it taking up too much of the money... however.... just in case i think everyone should bump their pledge by 30 percent :-p
this link works for some details on what is known about the plot of the movie: http://www.cinemablend.com/new/veronica-mars-movie-plot-details-reveal-murder-mystery-36418.html
@marilia it has an extraneous colon in front of it
woohoo!!!!! $3.5 mil, what'd i tell you?? :) $3.5 mil and ever-climbing!
we should each get started on getting at least one other person addicted to veronica mars... :) @michelle - couldn't open the link... wonder if it's something with me today...
@michelle regarding that link: this will be my first time attending san diego comic con. i thought the doctor who 50th anniversary stuff would be overwhelming enough!  if there truly is vm footage there, i will probably just die. happily, at least :)
just scrolled down a bit, @jaysin is there a bad way to be nerdy? :p
@scott - thanks for the support. check out the show, you mind find you have something new to watch. :)
new article :http://m.cinemablend.com/new/veronica-mars-movie-plot-details-reveal-murder-mystery-36418.html don't know if it's true but it sounds good.
@scott welcome, we will happily take your money. here you go if you actually want to throw down on the show http://www.thewb.com/shows/veronica-mars
hello, all. odd man out, i never watched veronica mars (although i always heard great things about it). i have, however, seen many of my favorite shows cancelled and replaced with garbage, so i'm happy to contribute to this project. maybe the networks will take note and start giving us more quality shows and less dancing b-list "celebrities". also, the world needs more kristen bell. i hope you guys get everything you want. good luck!
@katie we've all tried to forget paris hilton.
to be completely exact, rob said that, if there was a total of $2 million pledged, only $1.4 million would be available for the film, with the rest used for fullillment of the give-aways. the $600,000 for the dvds and such is 30 percent. it's possible that, with a higher pledge amount and more give-aways, the price per piece for the give-aways might be lower so that the percentage goes down a little.
@marilia there are online tools called proxy servers, where it temporarily changes your ip so you can get around region codes. http://usproxyserver.net/
how did i forget paris hilton?
everyone needs to keep in mind that rob thomas estimates that 30% of the total pledge amount will go to paying for all the give-aways: http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-on-the-wildly-successful-kickstarter-movie-campaign/ so even the current $3.5 million is only going to yield $2.45 million for the film. to get up to $5 million for the film, we need pledges of $7.15 million.
$43,621 raised in the 12 hours from 12:30am ct to 12:30pm ct. not nearly as good as yesterday's amount during the day. time to do another 12 hours and hope it's better during the day!
@jason - that gets me when tv.com posts videos to trailers and such sometimes... i'm not enough of a hacker-minded individual to try and find my way around it. :)
@marilia i have felt the "outside your region" pain when i was living in england and norway, it is no bueno.
@taylor - good one. i'm still thinking they'll find a way to turn the space thing into a joke... :)
and jason's back...  :) haha, video outside my viewing region...
if i live in canada but have an address in the us, how does that work? do you have to enter your shipping address or is that all later on?
if we raise enough money to let logan brood in space, does that mean we'll be sending echolls to mars?
ahhhh, the 90's, such a magical time http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i just wanna beat that damn watch!
@jason thesis is on polarization of american politics stemming from the republican takeover in congress in the 1994 election.
we are now the 4th highest kickstarter ever, behind only pebble e-watch, ouya, and project eternity, and we should pass pe in the next day or two, the other ones will prove more difficult.
whooohooo 3.5mil!
yay. 3.5 million
and 2 min later it's over 3.5 already!! wow
whoop 3 and a half!
@micheal your day may now continue good sir. ;)
yay!!!!! 4 million by tomorrow!! we can do it!!
yaaay! bring on 4 million!
@jason i can't stop staring at my screen waiting for the $3.5mil mark.
i feel like i can't continue my day until i see it tick past 3.5mil...
so who's gonna make a forum :)
@marilia you're definitely not alone, dont worry though, this is a safe place. :p @kate whats your thesis on?
good morning marshmellows, whos ready to see that bad boy click over 3.5 million
plus, i'd enjoy the exclusivity. :p
it'd just be a more convenient alternative :d
@marilia nope.
so we stop clogging up the comments section? ;)
i think they should definitely set up a backers-only forum... :)
it's nice knowing i'm not alone in my tv fixations, hahaha
my thesis is boring, i'm currently watching the season 2 finale..... i'm hopeless, ok? ;)
haha, i knew kate would be here. :p aw, really hoping i would've found the little counter at 3,5...
how can someone be that nerdy (in a good way) and that cute? this guy approves of that jason dude ladies lol!
@ courtney - i know. i want all the little goodies like that, a mars investigation pen (preferably refillable so i can keep using it when the ink runs out), a calendar (i'm thinking movie stills), and all sorta of other things that i have mentioned previously.
i haven't seen the show in a couple of years.  time to refresh my memory!
@katy literally just woke up from an entire dream featuring him..... this show has ruined relationships for me haha.
hoo yeahh!!! shipping is now possible in canada so i just upgrade my pledge :d
@kate oh how i wish there was a "like" button! lol
anyone else dream about jason dohring smoldering at you on a regular basis? ;)
i know he was kidding, but i wouldn't mind a mars investigation pen or calendar!
*sorry, i meant "noon". but it looks like we might hit $4mil by mid-morning!!! :)
look at those numbers climb! :) i predict we hit $3.5 million no problem, by mid-morning.  hoping for $4mil by tonight!!! go vm!!!!!!!
i doubt it'd happen, but maybe with the success of this, rob could try doing something similar, on a smaller scale for party down. maybe get jane lynch to come back too (isn't glee on it's last season anyway?).
i'm backer #52,828 and couldn't be happier!  anyway, i guess  i'll have to wait for the dvd as i don't see the movie being screened here in italy.
backed two days ago although i see little chance getting the film to germany or one of the material rewards. first of all i want to see the film made and take part. of course a poster with autographs would be great, but on the other hand: how do i tell my husband that our livingroom needs new decoration and what let me hesitate much more: the cast has to sign (if it comes to) 5000 posters??? to speak with mathesar: “those poor people!” let us donate for hand massages. i found out about vm last year after watching flashpoint and being curious about other films of enrico colantoni’s. only now ordered the third season of vm as i can now hope the story will be finished in a good way. btw  i’m not 30+. i’m 60+ and enjoyed the show without feeling overaged for it (and i don’t think this feeling depends on me. it’s just a good show.).
i'm just concerned that clarence wideman won't be in the movie. that would be bad. not having jake's enforcer around as the ominous messenger of badness would be depressing.
@marlena- i don't remember if they ever established where max originated, but i wouldn't mind seeing him in the movie either. i also wouldn't mind seeing duncan, meg's sister (i forgot her name but she was awesome) and shelly pomeroy. i don't think they ever showed her onscreen,  but they talk about her in season 1&2.
my fictional heroes - buffy summers, veronica mars, sydney bristow, nancy drew, arya stark, etc etc have been with me through good and bad times. veronica mars is a friend, advisor and role model. i'm so happy this movie is getting made!
@jasmine - yeah, i don't understnad that either, because i don't see piz sticking around neptune after graduation. he had plans that involved other states. unless he ended up married to one of veronica's classmates (note i didn't say veronica...i want her single at the start of the movie no matter what happens during the movie). i can't see him and mac marrying and the only other living female rob has mentioned is madison. i can see that even less. likewise, i don't see parker hanging around neptune after graduation, although i can see it more than i can see piz. with the way things ended in season three, i'm more likely to believe she transferred to another school for the rest of college. i don't think she wanted to stay. i'd like to see max, again, maybe with mac, maybe not. of all the college kids, he's the one i can see sticking around neptune after graduation (if he graduated. although i've no doubt he could graduate considering his college "career", i'm not sure he really cared about that part.). was he from neptune?
i'm in now too!  can't wait
the other thing that i would really love to see? hearst college has a new dean, some relative of the kane family. the character should be played by the actor dean cain. that would be hilarious.
don't forget the possibility of greed trumping sanity. rich people have a funny way of marrying other rich people in the most painful manner for the detective in the '09 zip code.
i don't know about anyone else, but i don't think i want to see piz or parker in the movie. i don't want either of them to take up any love screen time. plus i don't think there is a real need for anyone veronica meet in college to be in the movie if the movie is going to have anything to do with a high school reunion.
i love watching this. it's like the energizer bunny of kickstarters.
i came up with my own poster and merchandise a few months ago, hoping there would be a movie someday. i even had a rt from rob thomas himself :) it's purely awesome that this movie is actually going to happen! -> pic.twitter.com/jp3yikuk
you realize that this is rob you're talking about. the hobbit will be a copy of the book. or on a movie poster. but if i were rob, i would go for the inflatable hobbit in a compromising position.
backed to get updates.. and to support.. and hoping they can work out the international backer stuff.. thank you so much for trying !!!  cannot wait to see the movie whatever way it goes, and cannot wait to see a hobbit in it - so here is hoping for 10 million !
geez. you can't turn away from the counter. amazing.
@craig: it's only for us and canada as of now. please read rob's update #4. he mentioned that the options (ships to us and ships to outside us) are a bit inaccurate but they are trying to include more countries.
mr thomas, can you ask wb about getting us the new season opener which never came when you found out you were cancelled? @sylvia i forgot about that stuff, memories :d
kickstarter has 'improved' pledging. you are either in the usa, or you're not. accommodating for mr. thomas' prices for each reward tier for international backers your pledge amount will increase by the 'shipping' amount, but after the campaign concludes, all your information you provide will hopefully get you your rewards. common information includes shipping address and email. you do know where you live right craig :d btw, welcome to kickstarter
i'm a little concerned, i donated seeing the 'outside the us' change to most of the amounts and went through the payment and address thing with no problems so will i get my rewards because i'm in australia.
cannot wait for the fun to begin. the characters were unforgettable. we all wanted veronica to join the fbi find love and be happy, keith to get his job back, logan to stop being psycho and dick, well... he was a lost cause... simply cannot wait!
just put my money into the pot, can't wait to see it and get my t-shirt and dvd!
offering up homemade pineapple upside downcakes! to all lol. you know i avoided firefly for the longest time until last year. i suprisingly loved it. total browncoat now lol. and i started supernatural about a month ago im currently on season six. oi!
if only firefly did the same thing, le sigh. why is it the best tv shows are so short lived? anyway, good luck with the film!
@nathan that's a great idea! i look forward to meeting other l.a backers. the premiere is going to be awesome. and yes i have been thinking of what to wear. :)
oh, and @jason: my name is marilia and i'm a tvaddict...  haha @kate: hope you're here tomorrow with more lists and herbal tea. :p
good night and sleep well kate and marilia.
i'm really hoping i'll wake up tomorrow and see the little numbers almost at 4 000 000. :)  good night all!
well my little marshmallows, this one has sleep and an honors political science thesis to write. good night and i look forward to the moment when i can join the conversation once again. vmars friends= family. family means no one gets left behind.
@marilia hey, for all you know this is a pseudonym. ;) @kate hipster voice, oh lord... :p
all these time zones... can anyone tell me at what time this started in gmt?
starting a new study of pledges. at 12:30am ct, the pledge total is $3,459,898. hoping it goes up by at least $100,000 by 12:30pm ct.
@kate: i will take your coffee and raise you a brass ring.
i hate coffee. herbal tea, bro (hipster voice)
@kate - thanks for the suggestion. and the lack of got spoilers. :) @jason - you might wanna rethink the "slightly" :p
"oh my god, i don't eat sugar!!!" (fangirl voice)
@crystelle welcome to tvoholics (slightly) anonymous, there is coffee and donuts on the table....kate, did you forget to bring the coffee and donuts?
so how much better has this season of the walking dead been then last....is everyone here caught up?
nope, no spoilers for got. but as far as novels go.... a kind of grown up vmars book is one called bad girl by michelle jaffe. don't let the title or cover offset you. it's kickass. spoiler alert: it's not noir, but it's pretty dark and very intriguing and features a kick ass, smart as hell female criminologist.
@kate game of thrones, a girl after my own heart. :p
i have set a goal for myself to tryto tell someone new or post this site onto someone's page at least once a day to try to gain more support for this movie!  let's all try and make this even better!  we are awesome; we can do it! ;)
i have quietly been watching this comment chain all day :) you all make me delightfully happy, and so far i agree on almost all those shows. i feel there may be a need for and intervention. le sigh. :)
@jason - i started feeling like they didn't really know where they were going until they got there. :) @kate - and then whatever happens on vm, we'll be sure to be happy with it. can't compare with the amount of bad things that happen in game of thrones... (please no spoilers there, i'm behind on my viewing).
@tami: yes. but one man's insightful is another man's horror.
also, game of thrones is a good one to tide you over until 2014.
@balabanto just happy to read your insightful comments :o) @ everyone  veronica mars fans are amazing!!!
btw, if anyone here is a neilson viewer and doesn't watch the show community, for the love of god do so. #sixseasonsandamovie
@tami i am not in my element until the fat lady sings and this is in the bag. you know me. it ain't over 'til it's over.
@marilia you really had to push through season 3 on lost, it was pretty awful, but then 4 and 5 were really good.
@balabanto. you, my friend are in your element :o) and look at that total going up!!! unbelievable! what do you think? will we hit 4 mill tomorrow?
eek, lost... i gave that one up about halfway through and just kept glancing at it now and then... really hope ouat does better... robert carlyle is awesome! hehe, i just had a vision of a doctor who character going: "spoilers..."
rumpelstiltskin makes the show, he is fraking amazing.
@marilia haha...or was planning on watching lost now.
@jason it's ok, i'm loving once upon a time. good substitute for lost, en mi opinion. less general appeal, but similar in tone. very mythological.
heh: lost. where the ending spurred "a game of porcelain thrones."
@kate, oh let's not even bring up the atrocious ending to lost. :p i still think the last season should have been an alternate reality rather than a purgatory like realm where they were all "waiting on each other to pass on".
i hope nobody here was hoping to start watching joss whedon stuff for the amount of spoilers we just put into this conversation. ;) apologies to anyone who might be caught unprepared.
stephen colbert guest spot. i think he could pull it off.
i'm not totally sure how this facebook group thing works but i might need to invite you(??) if that's the case send me a tweet (http://www.twitter.com/nathanwrann) that says "add me to the group" and we'll figure it out. or maybe you can request an invite by going to the group page (http://www.facebook.com/groups/147184995448156/). either way, if you're going to the la premiere, join the group.
@jason... i understand how you feel, but if you know joss whedon, you know that as a writer, he doesn't write happy couples. it has become a joss whedon-specific cliche that if you see a happy couple in something he has written, something very, very bad is about to happen to one or both of them. he doesn't do happy couples even in supporting roles. the only happy couple that ended happy on joss whedon's watch was riley and his new wife during season six of buffy, and they were there to be the "obnoxious" happy couple to make buffy feel like crap. plus they were only in one episode. it still felt so weird that neither of them ended up dead. so i guess what i'm saying is you should never get too attached to a joss whedon couple. he even killed anya in the buffy finale when there were no more episodes because it looked like her and xander *might* work things out.
@jason - but he gets away with it because we (the fangirls such as me, hahaha) still get something, like kaylee and simon in serenity or sierra and victor in dollhouse... i hope we don't get anything too bad in veronica mars... i know it can't all be happy endings, but still, i hope...
i think it would be ideal if we end up raising enough for two or three movies & that way v&l can end up together by the end, but there can be one or two movies of build-up. i am so psyched to see keith, mac, dick, & wallace, and i am crossing my fingers for a paul rudd guest spot. this has been such a great week.
jj abrams does way too happy endings (lost excluded) joss whedon does sad endings. rob thomas, you must choose your path.
the problem with the supercouple theory is that he has two choices. he can reform logan through deeds, or he can reform logan by forcing him to recognize his vulnerability. i don't want anti-feminist ridiculousness where jane eyre can only marry rochester when he's a wounded cripple, either.
hey all, i created a facebook group specifically for the marshmallows that backed the project at the la premiere and la premiere + after party level so that we can meet, chat and get to know each other on-line before the big day in 2014. if you're a backer at that level (or know a backer at that level) you can join the group here: http://www.facebook.com/groups/147184995448156/
hey rob, i have one very important question! what about a party down movie? is that happening? it's many of the same cast members and i know people would put money towards that as well!
@marilia oh joss definitely has a pattern, he is admittedly anti happy endings.
when a couple gets ranked as one of the greatest supercouples in tv history..... i dunno. kinda harsh to break that up. http://www.usmagazine.com/entertainment/pictures/best-tv-couples-of-all-time-2013112/28339
i cried... i'm a marshmallow, haha. and then again in the very end...
i'm man enough to admit, when wes was holding fred right before she changed into illyria and she says "why cant i stay?", i got a little misty eyed.
i'm one of those who *don't* want veronica and logan together. i don't like romanticizing unhealthy relationships. logan and veronica were not healthy for each other. at all. i would like veronica and logan to have developed a healthy friendship, and have the audience see some actually healthy relationships modeled.
if we can get one million a day, that would be awesome. 4 million by the time the counter kicks down again! go for it!
from the faq jokes, it's obvious that rob knows which direction the fans are hoping for in regards to logan and veronica, but i'm not sure what we can expect... @ jason - oh, and joss whedon is just mean about his couples, hehe.. i mean, serenity? dollhouse? pattern right there...
as a female, haha, i usually get invested not only in the characters, but in couples, though i don't do shipping.oh, why did you have to remind me of wes and fred?!? i really hated when fred "died"!
as a man, i am usually less susceptible to getting invested in couple than my female counterparts, though it does happen, and i'll be honest that logan and veronica are one of those select few, so i'm pulling for the mythical "happy ending" for them as well. another was wes and fred from angel, who were built up for 3 stinking years and then got one episode of happy couple time before she was "killed", i'm still a little bitter at joss whedon for that one.
great job everybody, let's keep it going!!  i hope to wake up to over $3.5 million tomorrow morning!!!!! thank you so much, to everyone involved! this is a dream come true. seriously! :)
quick question: did anybody see when the add $10 to ship outside the us thinguie showed up there on the list?
it's only three days, and here we are with almost three and a half million dollars! good job, marshmallows! :) also, i hope they make the other options available for international (outside north america) shipping soon! i've got a us address so i'm good, but i do know a couple of people from australia who want to donate $175+ but won't yet because of shipping issues.
@ kate - haha, wedding... now that's something i don't think we'll be seeing in vm... but jason has a point, it was never true dark. if it were, things would have taken a turn for the worse every chance they got. :) which was probably when i was jumping up and down on the couch shouting at the screen...
@balabanto - don't know about the other ones, but epilepsy isn't guaranteed to happen in every sibling. there's a higher risk if one sibling shows signs that the other will have it, but higher risk isn't 100% certainty. duncan and lilly could still be brother and sister even though only one had epilepsy.
i think a lot of us would be fine if everything wasn't neatly tied up in a bow (i.e. they get married) but if the series at least ended with a definite feeling that things were going to be ok with them (whatever their relationship is) i think everyone could live with that.
i hate the idea of being a fangirl, cause i like being unique, but i honestly cannot help it.
@balabanto you, my friend, seem to just like things to be really dark. lets be honest here though, vm has never been true noir, it has some serious noir leanings, but there are a lot of other genre's in there too, one of which is the slightly soapy relationship genre, and given the sheer amount of logan and veronica shipping fangirls, and the fact the is being fan funded, rob is going to give (the majority of) the fans what they want.
@kate not quite. championsguru@gmail.com i won't throw rob under the bus in a public forum. i'll explain it to you if you like. there's about six people on the neptune rising forums who know what i really think.
@balabanto for real though, you're not one of the crew or cast or anything right? i would be so embarrassed if you were.
you think lilly and veronica are sisters.... lianne's daughters.
@emit if keith is veronica's father, why is he so pissed about the death of lily kane? why does he cradle her like a daughter? it was like he lost his own kid. :) why does duncan kane have epilepsy and lily can be perfectly healthy?this disorder is genetic. why did jake kane pay lianne mars 50,000 dollars? that's a lot of money, and even more money considering that she got that money in the late 1980's. :) what exactly is the relationship between the kane family and the mars family?
@kate - i honestly don't remember if she ever said the words - it's been a few years since i watched the whole show... but i don't think so. (could be wrong, though, haha).
@jason - precisely, there had been a growth when we last saw logan at season 3. an uneven one, but yeah, growth. :)
@balabanto you know kristen bell and enrico colantoni? are you one of the writers or something?
@kate awww, well aren't you just a sweetheart. ;) for some more hot noir action (and another kickstarter project) check out hotel noir. here is the trailer http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@kate as if i were yoda. "perceptive you are." above all else...noir is lonely. togetherness isn't something that the genre supports. even when together, the loneliness is what stands out above all else. part of my problem is that i could never reconcile veronica's attraction for logan. it not only didn't make sense to me, it would only have made sense to me if logan had killed lily instead of his father. i can't imagine that veronica, being as smart as she is, would gleefully throw herself into a relationship with a murder suspect, and at the time, he was a pretty good one. i have a slightly different take on what's going on with veronica than most people. i take some getting used to. but i'm smart enough that kristin considers me competent and enrico thinks i'm pretty bright. :) the only question is whether i'll be seeing them soon. that's up to them though. i don't make their business decisions.
@balabanto which mystery from her past are you referring to?
@jason you're my new best friend. ;)
@marilia @balabanto you're probably right. i think logan's inability to be vulnerable is the most interesting thing about him. also, i can't remember exactly, but did veronica ever actually say "i love you logan?" like those words? he asked if she loved him and she said "yeah" but that's not the same. what if veronica saved logan? that would be interesting.
season 3 logan was a far cry and vastly different person from season 1 bum fight logan, he grew and changed within the show, i bet rob will continue that growth (while still throwing obstacles in there of coarse).
@marilia that's fine. it's an open forum. i would love to see jake kane in a wheelchair. i would love to see a whole bunch of things.
@balabanto not sure that i agree with you that veronica's sarcasm should develop into meanness, per se- i don't think she was ever explicitly 'mean' and that's part of what drew us to her. she was snarky, but never cruel. as far as her backstory- puts chinatown to shame. brilliant correlation.
@balabanto & kate: sorry, gonna jump into the conversation here. i agree with kate in that i believe people can change during the course of several years, and logan has always been an "ups and downs" character.  rob will have 6 years to make whatever changes - or not - he wants to make in these people's lives... i agree that people don't drift far from what they are at their core without something drastic happening, but i think we could never be sure what logan's core was... hope that made sense written down and not just in my head as i typed... :)
@kate i believe that we will find that they will have been influenced by time, but not in a way that makes any of us comfortable. i would love to see veronica older, wiser, and grimmer. the cute sarcasm should develop into a slightly more adult meanness. we're all seven years older, too. we shouldn't be looking at a teenager anymore. what shocks me is that almost no one is interested in solving the mystery of veronica's past. that's what keeps me with the show. i think i've got it solved, though. and it's so sick and ugly it puts chinatown to shame.
i need to believe in this relationship. (sad and lonely fangirl)
@balabanto i respect that and i understand your take on the show/genre makes you feel that way. i can only go by real life and myself, i have completely changed in the past six years. i'm one of those "anyone can change" believers. genre adherence or not, we are not always the same people we once were. i'm excited to see if the characters have been influenced by time or if they're still "frozen" where we left off.
that should be @kate. i just revealed my secret life on mushes. whoops.
@emit or better yet, logan gets shot at the beginning of the film. that places veronica in a position with real power and forces logan to acknowledge his vulnerability. that's the character's greatest weakness. that he can't allow himself to be vulnerable, and from that flows all of his self-destructiveness.
@kate in noir, we call that a cheap shot. it's six years later. everything's different, right? i give rob too much credit to have that be the case. no one wakes up six years later to find that stuff going on. you have to show progression. i would rather have the first scene in the movie be veronica checking in at the rehab center to find logan is still in there. ;) the one thing about noir that's consistent is that for the most part, leopards can't change their spots.
he seemed like he was becoming a better person by season 3. at least, he wasn't dating girls to blackmail their fathers or organizing salt licks off unconscious girls.
@balabanto what if in the six years logan has redeemed himself?
i only left the maltese falcon off the list because the book is so much different (and better) than the movie.
@kate: yes. i did. understand that i like the idea of veronica redeeming logan echolls the way i like cyborg being an original member of the justice league, i.e. not at all. it isn't that i don't think that veronica couldn't change logan. i think that veronica can't change logan fast enough to prevent him from self-destructing. the best love in noir is the love that you wish you had, not the love that you get.
i love the maltese falcon
@emily thank you. i did check wikipedia but i wanted a vmars perspective. ;)
@kate stone - it's a type of crime dama.  people generally think of them featuring a hardened private eye who is hired by a femme fatale to solve a case.  the cases are generally tawdry - with some kind of sexual angle (lovers' fight, multiple partners, etc.)  that's just very general.  you should check out the entry on film noir on wikipedia.  the maltese falcon is kind of a classic example as well as the thin man series (although it has a lot of slapstick humor in it too).  in the 80's and 90's the movies body heat and basic instinct would count.  a more recent example (not including veronica mars) would be the movie brick - starring joseph gordon levitt.
@balabanto haha you knew where i was going with that...
i'll also twitter follow any vmars fan. :-) so if you're one of those people that judges their self worth on how many followers they have..... ;)
@kate it can, but it's harder. romance is ephemeral. it rarely lasts long. i recommend every single book on that list, by the way. i'm still a little behind on my sara peretsky, but i have two long train trips coming up. i read about 250 pages an hour. i'll get them done.
@tabetha you go girl!
as a side note, there are little side notes to all of these authors throughout the series. rob has done his homework. veronica's snarkiness is descended directly from the lines of philip marlowe. "the super chief was right on time, as it almost always is, and the suspect was as obvious as a kangaroo in a dinner jacket."
thanks robyn and kate
introducing my husband to vm season 1 right now!! just hit play! :)
who here remembers troy vandegraff?? we never heard anything of him after he was cleared of the hearst rapes... kinda curious what he's been up to all these years. (as i rewatch more episodes, i get oh so much more invested in the b characters)
@balbanto thank you! can it still be noir if one or more of those things is not fulfilled? @don try project free tv (google it) all three seasons for free (lots of pop ups, but worth it) it's also on soapnet but much less reliable
@don all episodes are up on cwtv.com
oh, and i almost forgot. there is a movie called chinatown. you need to see that, too. jack nicholson stars in it.
is veronica mars running on any cable channel now, i'd love to catch up?
noir is the genre of hard boiled detective fiction. it's characteristics include 1) a first person narrative by the detective. 2) moral ambiguities and a hero with a checkered past. 3) the detective is on a quest for the truth, and it is always ugly. 4) romance is almost always doomed until late in the hero's life, in which case it is only partially realized. 5) no one is innocent, and everyone is flawed. masters of this genre include raymond chandler (the big sleep, the long goodbye), dashiell hammett (the thin man, the continental op), john d. macdonald (the empty copper sea, the dreadful lemon sky,, etc), ross macdonald (lew archer novels, most notable for the fact that archer carries a squirt gun filled with ammonia), mickey spillane's mike hammer (though not in the same class as the others) and robert b. parker's spenser novels. the best female private investigator series, if you aren't reading them (and you should be) is sara peretsky's v.i. warshawski series. there is a movie starring kathleen turner somewhere. but it's terrible. don't watch it.
everyone please remember you have to have money in your account on april 12 11:00pm edt because they won't charge you until the 27 days are up. so waiting for payday doesn't matter unless its on april 12 :) just a friendly reminder
can someone tell me more about "noir" what makes something noir and something not? (is fashion involved, relationships, etc?)
was finally able to donate since amazon has had my account jacked for 2 years. had to use my mom's account. i'm sooooooooo excited aboutthis.movie, and i think we need to see an update on duncan and his daughter!! love!!! all veronicafans are.awesome for making this happen! it has been a long time coming!
absolutely incredible. i am in awe! :) vm forever!
what's that charisma carpenter is returning ?
we're all in this together. :-)
the end of my 12 hour tracking of pledges is over! from 9:50am-9:50pm ct, marshmallows raised $145,004!!!!!!!!!!!!! if this continues, we can raise over $6 million before the end of the project!
what a lovely man you are, michael mitchell! thank you for your kind offer. this aussie mitchell is very grateful for your thoughtfulness and option, if needed.
vm fans are awesome!
i am not one for bumper stickers, but i would totally sport a veronica mars one!!!
signed anything from this project would be awesome!!!
between family and college i live in a box lately.  i am so glad that my best friend sent me an article she read about this project so i could contribue, otherwise i would have never realized it was even going on!!  this show is still my favorite show of all time!!! i am so excited about this!!
hey marshmallows, i will also serve as a fed ex to internationals if they don't work out shipping. all you have to do is send me a letter proclaiming that logan and veronica belong together. (i'm kidding) i'm on twitter @kattressa and facebook at kate tressa stone. just let me know.
i would love to have key chains. ones that have movie stills of the different main characters looking very typical for them on one side and "veronica mars: the movie" (or whatever the title is, if that's not it) on the other side. and i want signed dvds or blu-rays of the movie (rather than posters). i'm not saying they shouldn't have signed posters. i just would like to have my dvd or blu-ray signed. anyone else like that idea?
so proud of all of the fans for rallying together! we need to keep going and spread the word even more, wherever we can to get people on here and show support!!!
are there any plans for offering mars investigation items?  i would love a pen, mug, t-shirt, or….
i'd love to see if the premiere tickets can be upgraded to include the "after party" as well for a bigger donation. the 1,000 tickets went like hot cakes.
this is so exciting! i've been a part of neptune rising on twitter and we've been holding tweetathons for the past few years for a vm movie. we never gave up hope and it is now coming true. love to all
hey,  in case they don't get international shipping (to countries other than canada) worked out, i'm willing to help a few people out. you could get your stuff sent to me canada, and i'd forward onto you.  keep it in mind if all else fails. contact me at @m_i_c_h_a_e_l_m
if they added an incentive for bumping your pledge by just like 5 bucks, like a sticker/decal or something, that'd be sweet. imagine if everyone who's already contributed gave just $5 more!
hey - the nyc incentives sold out fast. i'm sure you'll raise more by offering more opportunities there.
i figured it out, thanks guys!!
@danielle change your pledge to $45 but keep your reward at the $35 tier.
i pledged the $35 from canada before the message about adding $10 for shipping was added (based on an update from rob on twiiter telling us to ignore the "us only" message). how do i add the $10 on to my donation to guarantee shipping?
you just got a new backer from canada!!! love vm and this movie project has made myself and my girlfriend over the moon with excitement!
i pledged to the lowest tier like most international backers have done. i will def. up my pledge once australia gets added to the list. i'm also wondering about how the digital download of the film will work too. isn't the downloads from flixster within us only as well? just wondering...
why dream small? 40. a movie and a new season. we can do tnis!
thanks michelle and phil. much appreciate it.
i would think that warner bros. would say they would match every dollar made here. i don't know that just seems to make sense to me. like our parents did when we wanted something. lol.
@adam episodes were about 1.8 million a piece... so for a movie? 5 million would produce what i'd want to see as a finish to the series... ten million would allow it to go out with the blast it deserves.
@adam - rob said he would like 5 million, more here: http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-on-the-wildly-successful-kickstarter-movie-campaign/3
3.4 mil! this is exciting. :d
ideally how much do they need for a "proper" vm movie? 2 million seems a little low.
here here....
scratch that.... our favorite episode will be the one we get if we hit ten million.
@jodie impossible... too many sweet episodes.
@phil.....alot of stairs. lol. i'm surprised no one has done name your favorite episode yet......although it would be hard to choose.
@jodie not judging... and don't know what a third floor walk up is.
@wai-yin: sweet! thanks for the link!
@phil.well i live in a third floor walk-up and i think i deserve free things sometimes. no one is giving me hermes handbags so i'll take the $10 book. lol.
"neptune noir" is a book  of essays about veronica mars. the publisher is giving away one free copy and is going to donate $1 to the movie for every ebook sold. http://www.smartpopbooks.com/doing-our-part-to-put-the-veronica-mars-movie-in-space/
@jodie i used to read the scripts online and i quite enjoyed being snarky! lol
i get that everything is free if you choose to not pay for it...i pay for the things that deserve money... just because i think the people that make those things are awesome and should live in fancy shmancy mansions.
@phil....why are you paying to stream? there are tons of free sites. i read all the books online for free as well. maybe i shouldnt have said that here. oh well. i'm poor now. i need free stuff. lol.
@robyn....lol. sorry again. besides books could never be as good as the show. the sarcasm and snarkiness would never have been the same.
@jodie... geeze... i'm so behind on things.... oh and now on top of buying the episodes of g.o.t. i'll be buying books... wtg... wait... that means i really have the money to go bigger for vm.... nevermind... i'm all in on this movie... it's just the next thing i wanna watch!
@jodie dang it! i was really excited there for a minute!
@robyn....sorry for the confusion. we were discussing game of thrones.
@jodie wait... there were books?????? i missed something here!
@phil.....sorry. lol. but its totally worth it. you'll thank me later. if you are anything like me, you'll end up reading all the books after you finish season 3 to find out what happens next. but i hope youre a reader because each one is like 1000 pages are there are 2 more to be released.
i've been tracking pledges since 9:50 this morning (ct). and we've gotten $112,517 since then! i am hoping to watch it hit 3.5 million before 9:50 this evening (ct)!
@ryan i'm not in canada, i'm in australia.
@jodie.... thanks... now i have to buy another season on amazon prime lol... been keeping bills down by only watching specific shows over streaming instead of having cable. i blame you!!!
@solène.....yes now that i'm unemployed i'll def be busting out the dvds for a marathon session of vm. and thanks.
another canuck checking in: woo-hoo!  i'm delighted to support this project and to see there are now options available for those artists who have the creativity but maybe not the obvious marketability that the big studios seem to be looking for.
@ jodie, so sorry for you! i'm looking for a job as well (although i'm not trying that hard!) and i pledged 10$ as well. just watched the first 4 episodes of vm for the first time in years to remind myself of how much i love it, so when they agree to ship the rewards to france, i don't feel to bad about spending the 50$ i intend to donate.
@jen....i was even worse for buffy back in the day. lol. ahhhh, the good old days before spoilers came along and ruined the cliffhanger.
i will totally up my pledge...just need to wait for this week's paycheck. :)
@phil.....out of all my favorite shows(shameless, got, soa, twd and downton) we only get one on our cable here in canada.i have to stream them. theres not alot of good tv on tv. ironic yet true. and none of them have a 22 eps season which drives me crazy. you have to watch got. its amazing.
@ phil lol.. i * almost * did that but then my fiance and i realized we both needed t shirts so the level of stupid slightly decreased. though now that they have the bring a plus 1 option... @ jodie okay :).  and considering my friends and i went out last night in celebration and played the theme song on repeat... i think you're alright.  there's even a bar in ny that's playing episodes every week until the movie comes out, so we seem to be a bit of a strange (read: awesome) fanbase.  this is pretty much the only show that i am like this about.
$3.4 mil!! woohoo!!!!!!  yay for canada, and canadian people!!!!
@jen.....thank you, thats so nice. but i will get it somehow. there's no way i wont be getting a copy. this movie has made my month. i should probably get more of a life. lol.
@jen you read my mind... but i just spent so much on my original donation... it's not a stupid amount of money, but it's a stupid amount of money for me to spend on my budget. @jodie i watch four shows every week... because  of everything on t.v. i've seen four good ones... but i haven't tried game of thrones.... looks good though... my kind of premise.
@phil....totally agree. if it had ended on a better note we as fans would have be satisfied but it didnt and it was excrutiating. and that season 4 thingie on the season 3 dvd was just salt in the wound. vmars the last real show that i was crazy obsessed with. and i miss that feeling. although i'm pretty excited for game of thrones premiere.
@jodie, if we can figure out how, i'm happy to donate on your behalf so that you can get the movie
@jodie... is it weird that this means that much to people? i loved the series... if it ends after the season two finale though... i'm satisfied... but the season 3 finale... i felt so cheated because it ended so sad... sounds like you got cheated at work but at least something positive happened this week? :-/
alright marshmellows let's at least hit $4m by the weekend!
@phil. thanks. and yes i will get it somehow. i still have 27 more days. its just funny because i checked my email at work and got really excited about the canadian shipping, had my mastercard all ready to go and then my boss called me to his office. super high then super low in 10 minutes flat. what a day....
thanks for making the rewards available to canadians..... i was going to back the project anyway,   but the reward helped nudge me into a higher bracket.  ;)
@jodie it's $25 more bucks... early birthday present from someone? sucks you lost your job :-(
oh and it sucks to hear that joss is not considering doing the same thing anytime soon for firefly. he is too busy for now but in the future i think there is no doubt a new chapter in that universe will be on the table.
lee i don't think for one second that anything other than 1 movie is being considered. if the digital download sales down the road make this a big money maker there may not be a need to do a kickstarter to get the powers that be to make another sequel. i for one don't see the actors wanting another series, but more movies down the road? hell yes that could happen. i think we will raise about 5-6 million. since the goal was set pretty low and was passed easily i think a lot of people already are satisfied that a movie is definitely coming. if the goal was 10 million i have no doubt it would have been hit by the 2nd week but that is simply not necessary.
so i kinda feel weird when i see harry hamlin who was in veronica mars a lot... not for a logical reason though... he played steve catlin in what imdb calls "poisoned by love: the kern county murders". it came out on vhs as a movie called "murder so sweet" i believe.  anyway, he played steve catlin, and i knew steve catlin... and one of the wives he killed. he lived two blocks from me and we'd go hang out and i'd get ice cream while steve wouldn't have a beer with my dad and their buddies because "it made him crazy".... he creeped me out the whole time i was watching the show! anyway, that's my six degrees of kevin bacon moment in life, lol.
canadian here.  love love love vmars. i pledged $10 yesterday knowing i would pledge more when they started shipping across the border which was today. and i just got laid off at 4:30 today.....so now i have to save money for food and rent and other boring crap.  so sad.....i really wanted a copy of the movie. off to drink some much needed wine and watch the counter rise like a big nerd.
@ nabat and you can change the amount either +/- as many times as you wish before the project ends.
@katrina: welcome to the party!
@andrew i believe if you read rob's update carefully, he implies that the "ships to us only" designation doesn't apply to this kickstarter, so feel free to select one of the better rewards even if you live in canada!
@nabat yes.
i just watched my first veronica mars episode.  not bad so far.
our credit cards get charged once the 28 days are done?
@ jason, indeed i am. i knew some here would get that reference. ;)
@lee...are you a community watcher?
*probably. argh, no edit button.
wb i think might be in charge of merch. i think rob mentioned something about it. we are just paying for the movie production.
@ andrew - if you read the updates, you'll see that they are working on the rewards for those of us outside the us. given it's a "thorny issue", the distribution and rights to the digital copy are problem the main problem. just keep checking for the next couple of weeks - if you can actually tear your gaze away from the counter at all!
@lee thanks for the tip... but i don't think we know all the angles...i imagine this is a huge commercial for kickstarter... i say just donate what you can... enjoy the awesome products you are buying for a pretty reasonable amount of money considering they have to then turn whats left into a movie and not sweat the gory details.
how about adding a few more non-us reward options? i get it if you don't want to send t-shirts and dvds, but how about a digital version of the movie without any physical goods? all that's on offer for fans outside the us is the $10 script reward. disappointed. :-(
for everyone just joining ks and looking at the totals and projections and imagining six seasons and a movie, here are some things to be aware of. first, the total will not be used primarily for production. kickstarter takes a 5% cut and amazon another 2% for processing payments. unless there's a merchandise budget pool somewhere else, the final amount also has to be used for reward fulfillment too. while the total is growing quite well now, it is more than likely that it will drop off in a week when the hype and fanbase die down. it will probably coast along slowly until the final few days when it will jump up for one last push. it's the same thing that happens to all ks projects. which is why kicktraq projections are fairly unreliable until the final days. don't rely on an external fanbase to jump in either. it's exceedingly rare that facebook and twitter fans all join in. so if you want to see a $10 million movie (which is quite possible) then you might need to bump your contributions to push the totals to $11-$12 million to compensate for other costs.
ooooh canada!! great job!! you can see that total spinning way faster!
and the numbers keep rising! thank you canada!
if wb is going to do the promotion bit, then now would be a good time to run a tv commercial about the kickstarter on the original vm channel (cw is still around right?).
are kristen bell and the rest of the cast really going to sign all those posters? they are going to be signing over 3000 posters. that's going to be rough.
@kate omg, you're incredibly sweet, thank you. but you just gave me an idea, my best friend lives in the us, i can send it to her...omg i can't believe i didn't think of this before ^^
yay! i contributed hahah!!!
@ kate - you are hilarious. love your list, and re-do the first few items regularly :)  i just woke up, all ready to post my take on the parker situation, but apparently that's about $300,000 ago! so i will just say, the movie will be amazing no matter what, but if rob writes what i want, veronica and logan grow up, learn to accept their differences and work through their problems, and live snarkily ever after :d
as in, i hope it means there are more fans who just haven't signed up yet.
@phil i hope you're right. i myself had never heard of it until now. but it was ridiculously easy to sign up.
@kate i've noticed virtually all the backers i've seen so far had already backed something on kickstarter... one road block might be connecting fans with kickstarter and getting them to not be lazy and sign up.
thank you for opening this up to canadians! :)
nice! now rob got canadians fans access to the higher packages! ok canadians if you want the bigger rewards you can now get them rob fixed that issues but he's still working on other territories. check your updates for more info rob posted a new one
this show had over two million viewers in the u.s. those people have to still be out there somewhere.
@phil you just convinced me to up my pledge. i hope the funds hit 10,000,000.  i want to see rob thomas direct bill murray ;) or more likely just make the production values better. i also am hoping that they shoot in san diego. that's where the show was shot, and it feels right the movie be shot in the same location.
@jason hahaha good idea!!! adding to the list.
@kate 5. business skirt, garter belt, seamed stockings, high heels, and tee: the slightly out of place but awesome 50's noir elegant chick look. ;-)
my pledge just tripled, i am a very happy canadian! great work guys!
this is so amazing. i have never been so happy in my life. vmars was on of my absolute all time favorite tv shows and i was devastated when it was canceled. i make all of my friends watch it and love to turn people into marshmallows. :d i seriously cannot wait for this movie. i could only pledge so much money, since i am pretty poor, but it is so worth it - i would give anything to have this movie created and i can not wait to watch it. congrats rob, kristin, and the rest of the cast.
i enjoyed watching this series, cant wait to see the movie. and whooo! shipping to canada!! win!!
@natalia if they don't get international shipping you can send it to me i'll mail it to ya. :)
@kate i want a shirt too :( waiting for the international shipping
how i'm going to wear my vmars t-shirt: 1. skinny jeans, scarf, and tee: the hipster look 2. pink (cause season 1 was all about the pink outfits) mini skirt and tee: the preppy nerd girl look 3. with sweatpants curled up on the couch watching seasons 1-3 (and the dvd) 4. underneath all my clothes and at all times :-)
please, rob...promisse us a blu-ray with a bunch of cool extras, like: interviews, making of and tons of stuff. we deserve it!
i know you would not forget the non-us :) this is about warner, right ?
just updated my pledge so i could get the dvd. i don't think i have been this excited in a very long time. now i have an excuse to go back and watch all the episodes over again! yay
another canadian donating here! so excited for this! veronica mars is gonna be a movie !!! yes!
just another canadian who donated :) woot woot.  years and years later, fans are still dedicated enough to reach 2 million in less than 12 hours. i'm pretty proud to be a fellow marshmallow. ps: next project - party down movie?
upped my pledge to $200.00 from the original $10. yay for canada!
"veronica? why are you wearing a nursing bra?"
i'm a very happy canadian as well! i just pledged and may up my pledge if the hubby says so :d
just added a 0 to my original pledge!  i am one happy canadian right now!!
as promised, upped my pledge with canadian reward availability! woo!
look guys, clerks was made for something like ten grand... boondock saints ii was made for 8 million... looking at the difference between those two movies should make you want to hit ten million... when clerks 2 was being made, kevin smith asked for two million, got it, and scott mosier, his producer, yelled at him because they had become too big, they couldn't do it for that little in his mind... sooooo while everyone in the talent area appears to be doing this mostly out of a labor of love, we still want as much money as possible... movies with camcorders with no name actors are costing 30 million (cloverfield)  so 10 million should really be the goal we should set... because we've seen that it's doable and it will give mr. thomas just a little freedom to do some movie type things with it instead of t.v. show type things.
today's entertainment geekly podcast on ew.com is talking about the kickstarter campaign, and is really talking more about the involvement of wb and stuff.  it's a fun listen:  http://popwatch.ew.com/2013/03/15/veronica-mars-oz-great-powerful-entertainment-geekly/
@ patrick kelly: that's what i'm talking about. an incentive like a longer movie or a sequel or a zoo scene with sloths that make kristen bell cry. just something. i hope you are reading this rob thomas. we want to know how much it costs to get sloths, car chases, and nudity.
if we raise $4m do we get a double-feature? or if we get to $5m maybe a lotr style double feature? (2 x 2+ hr films, plus a ton of extras) i wouldn't mind if it was so densely packed that you need to watch it 3 times to catch everything. but most importantly: how will sloths be incorporated as a major plot element?
@ michael: you joke, but people would go bananas for something like that. even though it's not right for the show, if they said at ten million there would be full frontal nudity for 1 second.  the internets would loose their f-ing minds. i bet it would take all of another day to reach ten million. though i don't want them to change the tone of the show, i do think some indication of where stretch money will go, would help keep this train moving at full speed.
the veronica and keith touching moment music still makes me emotional...  also...you should definitely get film student fans involved as free labor!!  because let's be honest....we all want to pitch in whatever way we can.
@michael: that sounds like a stretch goal for $10 million.
@jakob @antonio: maybe amanda seyfried makes an appearance, but as linda lovelace...
thanks @jess k zimmerman for posting that link to the hitflix article.  it had a lot of good information that would probably be really good to to post in the faq here.  i think it especially helps to put in perspective what we can expect at different funding points (full out fight vs. terse words).    rob does say in the article that ideally he would like to raise 5 million, which i think is totally possible.   i really encourage people to read the article  (i'm reposting the link)  http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-on-the-wildly-successful-kickstarter-movie-campaign
@jakob: true. we need an exact breakdown of how the car chases and nudity fund is going to be used.
@ michael @antonio: hey, if it's all going fluffers and ky jelly, that's fine. i just think they should outline that clearly right? :)
shirtless jason dohring/ryan hansen?
right now? two tricycles and 1/4 of side boob. chases and nudity is expensive!
not sure, but at the rate it's going up the movie will most likely be nc-17  :p
come on canadians! prove you aren't just the loft over a really great party! :-)
so how much nudity and car chasing does $1.3 million buy?
@antonio: mmm, true enough :-)
@michael: remember, everything over the initial budget goes towards the car chases and nudity budget.
just upped my pledge from $10 to $100. thanks for making rewards available in canada :)
that is to say, @jakob. sorry, mate
@jacob: agreed; it'd be nice to see exactly where that extra $$ is going. it'd offer further incentive (beyond rewards, of course) for people to up their pledge
$58,706 raised since 9:50 ct this morning
to everyone in canada: when you up your pledge to something with a physical reward, the kickstarter system will say that you're not in the us and can't select the reward. for now, just tell kickstarter you are in the us so that you can pick your reward for the pledge tier. still 28 days to go and rob and the gang are working as fast as they can to please canadian (and worldwide) fans and fix this, and you'll be able to edit your pledge accordingly later in the campaign before it is over. hope that helps!
@lisa - i'm canadian, and when i went to pledge, it warned me that the rewards only shipped within the us, so i clicked on a link that said "within the us".  this allowed me to choose a reward package.  then it took me to amazon.ca to pay.  and my account there has my canadian mailing address.
good luck with the project! if you need a violinist, let me know! :)
@joppy, @jamie, etc: you not only have to pay, you also have to choose a reward. it's the second half that is the problem for canadians. you can put in as much money as you want, but the system still will not record you as on their list of reward-receivers. if you don't get to choose a reward, kickstarter won't put your address on the list of people who get rewards, and therefore the project won't send you the reward.
thanks guys! clearly, i don't have as many tech skills as i thought, ha!
lindsay, i had the same problem -- posted in in the update comments. i think that rob doesn't know about the part where you not only have to donate, but you also have to choose a reward, which doesn't go through still.
hi lindsay - i think you just need to indicate you are within the us (even though you're not) and choose which reward package you want.
why has the part about what the  extra money would be used for past the 2 million goal  been removed? there were jokes about more cast members and bigger set pieces. are these things off the table now?  is the money being used for something else? whatever the extra money is being used for, i think that it should be included. i think that inspires people to donate more. if people know that when they reach the five million mark the movie gets a longer shooting period, or more post production, or a larger cast, ect, i think that makes them feel goof about the donation. i know it's not the case, but i think people who never got to see anything about that, might assume on their first visit, that the extra cash is just lining an executive's pockets, and not want to donate. again, i'm not questioning the motives of anyone involved in this. i loved the show, and i was happy to donate. i just think it is smart to suggest where the extra money is going.
lindsay- you just have to bypass the "ships within us only" and it will take you to amazon.ca again. it worked for me and i live in canada.
am i the only one having issues trying to change my pledge? i tried to change to the to a higher reward package, rob said to ignore the 'ships within us only" , so i did, and then when i go to confirm, it just gives me an error message saying it ships to us only...what the heck? help, please.
somewhere along the line i posted "please, sir, can i have some noir."  it was more than a play on words.  i liked vm for its clever writing and great story lines.  and, the serious way it could take itself seriously.  take “donut run” in season 2 for example, perhaps the best episode of the series.  who wasn't taken in by veronica and duncan's deceit?  especially keith.  who didn't wonder whether the father-daughter relationship would ever be the same when he exclaimed, “you played me, veronica!”? who ever thought of the song “the air that i breathe” the same again?  (or ever stopped wondering what veronica smelled like when she smelled “bad”?  ok, sorry, that's pretty icky, but with smart writing you don't just see and hear what is going on, it hits all of the senses. that's my point. really. i mean it.).  and, who didn't love the tie-in to the season finale when duncan, sitting on an australian beach with meg's baby, takes the call from clarence wiedman? that's great writing. i am a serious vm fan.  i mean in the of sense the art and not so much in the sense of who-said-what-clever-thing-to-whom-when-and-what-it-means-for-love.”  for example, how many of you have rob's edited volume “neptune noir” on your book shelves? (interesting but redundant, if you need to know.  sorry, rob.).  it was here (i think) that rob revealed that when he started working on the episode following “donut run” that he had a real problem because the father-daughter relationship had changed.  sometimes you can be too clever, perhaps. now, i read (http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-on-the-wildly-successful-kickstarter-movie-campaign …) that rob is thinking, “... partly because it's crowd-sourced, i'm going with the 'give the people what they want version'” [of the movie].  yikes!  could this be true? i don't mean to insult the love type fans (i, in fact, obsessed at one time on youtube over the kiss, if you must know), but does this mean we are going to get more of season 3 than the first two seasons?  i really hope not. “donut run” was first episode written and directed by rob (rob wrote the pilot, of course, and episode 2 of the first season, but these were directed by mark piznarski of “my so-called life” fame and eponym of the character “piz”).  though i enjoyed season 3 because i got to see my favorite (surviving) characters (and some new ones) in action, the only episode that made me sit up in my chair was “spit and eggs.”  that episode was also written and directed by rob.  what i guess i am getting at is that rob, if he is taking full artistic control of the project, will probably give all us “people” what we want in the vm movie, even us aesthetes.  that is, i think rob can deliver something that might achieve some degree of critical acclaim while  giving “the people want they want.”  i hope so.  i am really hoping for three or three-and-a-half stars on the ebert universal scale (four?!).  i just worry that it might be one-half star if what made vm truly special is left on the cutting room floor. that my 20000 cents worth.
i'm so glad i waited to donate.  thank you for including canadians on the incentives - looking forward to geeking out.
c'mon canadians!
haha sorry to post so incessantly. i unfortunately don't know anyone else who loves this show like i do. utah doesn't really believe in empowered women. ;)
*are. damn. not having a good grammar day. sorry mates.
u.s. and canada is now veronica mars shipping approved! :) :) :) happy days vmars family
they're probably working out region dvd bugs for the international fans, that'd be my guess. i can't wait! i hope there are a ton of veronica/wallace bff moments! i felt like there was a lack in s3, they're one of my absolute favorite relationships on the show!
@kate. well, that's okay then. lol
we have surpassed double fine adventure's kickstarter total. after $3.43 mil we will pass reaper minatures and move into forth place for all time most funded. and that's just 3 days in!
canada can pledge and get rewards!!!!! hooray!
@katy thanks haha. i never mess that up. in my intense emotional state i must have inadvertently forgotten to type out that extra "o". :-)
@ kate. you know it! i will be watching and waiting to correct your grammar....
*too hard. haha gotta be grammatically correct if i want to be taken seriously. :)
@marilia thanks! i have one more: #16 practice smoldering
we should set up a viewing in every city that's not having a premiere.
@ kate: you have our approval!! great list. i already have a couple of the items down. :)
@ junkrobot: deal, haha. you'll all have to come to bazil, though. ;) i'll make the brigadeiros, they're chocolate and go great with popcorn. :p  it would be a great idea for fans and backers to get together to watch the movie
rewatching the series starting today and introducing a friend to the series! i'm excited!
i try way to hard to get people's approval. but again, i'm just an unpaid student intern in dc at a computer being so super excited about this movie and having literally nothing else to do. :d
re: this not getting much higher, remember that there are international backers sitting and waiting in the $10 level until a) they start accepting internationals for higher pledge levels and b) they restock/add more of the high level rewards like premieres, voicemails, imdb credits etc etc. some of us are willing to travel for these.this has the potential to get much higher once the international 'block' is removed. sure we can pledge more anyway but until we see more gain from it, many of us won't. in other words, this can and should hit impressive heights :)
@ kate. you're funny @phil. too weird. lol
@phil aw. thanks. :-) my future in comedy lives on! take that mom!
@kate i almost commented on that exquisite list but let it speak for itself @katy jack is an awesome guy... last time i saw him was at a family reunion when i was about ten... that's hilarious! tell your dad that my dad says hi too :-p brian, donna's first husband... what an odd coincidence.
i was hoping someone would enjoy my sarcastic (sort of) list. i spent a whole four minutes on that. :(
see?! veronica mars brings families together! lol
um, i was at the funeral in february in ok. we're related all right. my dad is jack grocholski. donna's brother. weird that we would bump into here of all places! small world!!
for some reason, those judgmental tweets about how we're terrible people because this $ should be going to charity inspired me to quadruple my pledge. p.s. i donate plenty to charity so i don't feel the least bit guilty about this.  live on, love!
this is true... she's donna grocholski aka donna pommerich-hall.. daughter of ed grocholski who just passed away... and sorry folks for the off topic stuff, just odd to see that name.
@phil whose is your mom? grocholski isn't a common name after all...
back to being positive, holy cow! 3.3 million and 50,586 backers... i hope some of the famous fans like kevin smith post this link on their fan sites...
@katy i'll say it... christian, if you are of foreign decent, you can still use a dictionary or something. your posts are illegible, therefore i can't understand you or take you seriously.  beyond that, katy, grocholski is my mother's maiden name... and i didn't notice your last name until i started typing this.  oh my god, this has spell check and those posts looked like that.
suggestions for things to do before 2014: 1. re-watch all three seasons of veronica mars multiple times until you know every line (duh) 2. watch firefly. thank me later. 3. write more vmars fan fiction (admit it. you've done it) 4. read game of thrones. all of them. they're freaking long. 5. if you finish game of thrones, re-read harry potter. those books are long and dark. perfect for those long summer nights spent dreaming of the return of veronica. 6. learn to draw. 7. draw pictures of all your favorite vmars characters 8. watch game of thrones: the tv series. you think veronica mars kills off characters? wait till you see got. 8. try to highlight your hair to look like kristen bell 9. don't do that again. you look ridiculous. 10. really bored? try playing mass effect 1, 2, and 3. that's a good 100 hours of your life right there. took me two months. 11. get a job and do something productive 12. at your job, continue to wikipedia veronica mars and keep tabs on the kickstarter campaign. and if your boss is super cool, get everyone together and watch vmars on project free tv. promotes office unity. or something. 13. learn to knit 14. learn pottery 15. use these skills to make your very own mars investigation hats and mugs. :) good luck!
lolol yes @kate logan/weevil were the best.  let's be real here, they were inlove lol @magan z yes, i agree with your comment to @christian its all love here some people dream bigger then others :) @jason you have a point with that stretch goal lolol
i'm from brazil and i totally suport the project! i'm very excited about it! just love veronica mars. it's one of my favorite shows ever! i would love the film to be released here in brazil too.
as a court reporting student who thrives on proper grammar and speliing, i really would like to say something about christian's post. however, i am just going to keep my mouth shut and bask in the fact that we will have a veronica mars film in 2014! @kate & @magan i want to see logan and weevil fight too! that would be delicious for sure!
@ christian: i don't know about that...never underestimate a seemingly small group of dedicated fans like the marshmallows.... :)
@magan yeah! forget fighting over veronica, those two fight just for the hell of it and it's the most entertaining fighting ever.
also, think of all the international backers that are holding back right now. the number of pledges could easily double in a couple weeks with worldwide support.
lol i'm with you kate.  it just wouldn't be the same without a logan/weevil drama
@marilia we'll all come to your house to watch with you. we'll even bring the popcorn.
hey, bright side: logan and backup are going to live and we can afford a full on brawl at the reunion. 9one last weevil/logan spat, i hope hope hope)
christian, i respect your opinion, and you may or not be right.  but just as you are free to project that movie funds are topped out, others are free to be optimistic.  i don't understand the need to discourage those who are more hopeful than yourself
now i have to go get some friends hooked on veronica mars so i have someone to watch the movie with me!
and it just keeps goin' up!!!!! i predict we hit 3.4 mil today!!!!!!
thrilled!  watch the show everyday in syndication, my husband is going to be so pissed i pledged, he's had enough v mars to last him a lifetime!  :-)  i'll post the link to fb every couple days for the remainder of the funding period, and pinterest.  would love to see this thing hit the "reunion on a nuclear sub" mark.
p.s. rereading my first comment, i can understand how it may have been misunderstood. however just to clarify once again, what i meant was star citizen got $8 million so far, according to its developers not project eternity.
just to be clear - the premiere after-party is open bar, right? if not we're going to have to start a kickstarter project for this kickstarter project.
every news source has already talked about this so its help is minmal now look at other progects that had this big of a spick this early dreamfall just ended look at them pepole wer being the same way at the start saying "we will breke 10 mil" then it calmed down but i was still having to tell them we wont reach 2 mill the hole time for the same reasons this protect is limited but of couce ones again no one will believe me and at the end when im right it was just luck or as some tried to put the blaim on me or the makers of the project dont be rediculs with your estmation it will only make you disponted be happy with what we are geting
i know you are already doing amazing with this kickstarter. but i really wish the low pledges got more than a pdf of the script. i don;t want to read the script before the movie and a pdf has no collectable value to me. if the shirt is awesome i'll my pledge to that for sure. i really want a nice collectable to celebrate being a part of getting this movie off the ground. a digital version of the movie doesn't meet that requirement any more than the pdf. and $50 for the dvd is steep (seriously who watches dvd?! blu ray please!. especially if it's no better than what will be in the store. what i want is a limited edition blu ray with exclusive kickstarter cover design painted by drew struzan! :) super happy the film is getting made though!
christian page: no nothing i said is incorrect afaik. i never said project eternity got that much on paypal. i said according to the star citizen developers they've gotten $8 million total so far (as of mid february). that's a completely different project, in fact a completely different type of computer game. star citizen only got ~$2million on kickstarter so it's actually ~$6 million they got from elsewhere.
i watched the pilot episode last night. pretty good set up but i can't say i was "enthralled." i assume it gets better. anyways, i'm tweeting dialogue and screenshots as i work through the 3 seasons before the movie comes out. you can follow along at @iveronicmars
$1 million dollar pledge tier:  kristen names her baby after you
mike there is alot of duplcet pepole in ther also sadly dead or left facebook pepole there is also poor pepole and pepole that are under age or do not have a credit card and pepole that just dont like backing progects that facebook page posted about this so they do know
you can´t messure kickstarter in days. put in the right newspaper article or the right talk show interview and you´ll get a spike. put in the final 24 houres and things speed up on a "last chance" basis just like the "omg this is happening" that gave us 3.3 million in two days. put in internationl shipping and you will not only get a good amount of people upping their pledge but also add international shipping costs. and in the end don´t forget that some peoples credit cards will bounce and amazon payments/kickstarter will take their cut of 5-10%. but ten plus million is enterly possible, depending on how much efford is put into marketing... you know how the more successfull kickstarters threaded their month as a fulltime promotion job, lot´s of updates here, lot´s of media aperances.
tet your stat is wa off progect etenity did get thrid it was a miss type on my part but it only rased a couple 100k on paypal not another 4mil
the vm facebook page has 300k likes, and the show had 3 million viewers, so i think there are a lot of fans out there who aren't aware of the project yet. that's why a reddit ama might help.  it spreads the net a little wider.
i would happily increase my pledge for mars investigation swag! or some neptune pirate pride! :)
i'm sure rob is smacking himself in the forehead with palm---doh. all those pitches all those dinners and butt kissing nights and to think, "all i had to do all this time was post a kickstarter." sweet.
look at it this way the avrage person is willing to pay 100+ for a watch thats why pebbel avraged 150 per backer whats the avrage person willing to pay for a movie? not 100 thats why our avrage is 60 per backer to beet pebble we would need to get nearly triple the number of backers its hard to predic exactly what a progect will do but that dose not mean we should act like it will stay at the luch day rate it will slow down and there will be days of 100k or so(today is looking like it might alredy be one)
christian page: i'm pretty sure you're mistaken about the top 3 earners. afaik, the third top earner on kickstarter so far was project eternity a computer game not a gaming system or a physical product although it did earn a lot less compared to pebble and ouya which were physical. but note according to the developers of star citizen, another computer game, if you add up all the various crowd funding options they used they've made $8 million so far.
ah just think of all the spin offs. can we get a joss whedon rob thomas collaboration next?
i'm pretty sure if he put up a $10 million - logan and veronica are guaranteed a happy ending together - stretch goal, the fangirls would donate themselves into poverty. :p
hard to say what the project will do.  the rate of increase in the first two days was off the chart compared to any past kickstarter, so i really have no idea what to expect.
but we wont pass 10 mil we would need 239k every day from hear on out
there are other things that can be done to bump up the total.  for other kickstarter projects i have seen in the past they usually get a bit of a bump if they do a reddit ama.  also, i think having some concrete stretch goals would really help. stretch goals really seem to motivate people to donate just a little more, especially if rob can come up with something that the fans really want.
i'm fairly sure if you'll ask rob thomas you'd find out whatever the outcome, keith was always going to be veronica's dad. genetics was never going to change that.
we wont beet pebble watch as it was a phiscal thing lookm at the top 3 earners all phiscal two game systums and a watch also take not of progects that had this big of a spike at the start did not get nearly as big of one at the end i think we will com in around 5mil-6mil  depends on the next few days could be higher or lower but we will not pass 10mill
yes, we will! think about the 7700 backers that pledged just $10 because living outside the us... a lot of them will up their donation to $35 (minimum) if they can get the movie, and so will i ;)  waahhh it's so fantastic! the last days were the best of my life!!! i can't stop smiling and hitting f5 :d i always thought i was one of a few veronica-addicts but now i know there are more than 50.000 addicts out there :d thats wonderful :)
yeah i would expect the final day to be similar to the first day. international will help a lot
kickstarters historically get their biggest surges in the first 48 hours and the last 48 hours, this one will likely have a surge when it opens up benefits to the international folk as well. be prepared for the donations to slow down to a trickle in the next few days. i'm hoping we can beat out the pebble e-watch and become the highest project ever, but i'm not holding my breath.
@michael: usually there's a huge bump in the last 24 hours.
i'd say 10 mil is about the ceiling for this. you figure, about 50,000 backers have donated 3.3 million... that means they'd still need another 100,00 people making similar donations in order to reach 10 mil. unless current backers increase their pledges dramatically.
yes, keith is veronica's dad.
.i have a feeling the answer is going to be in the low 40's
this is pretty amazing also because it speaks to the revitalization of the teen tv genre. people connected with veronica and her friends, because it was real. i hope this will be just the start of seeing a return to form for these kinds of shows. and while you are at it, check out my kickstarter, for the new series, rock way, where we hope to carry the torch: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1088010346/rock-way
it's slowly crawling up, i predict a huge surge either when they get international shipping or at the end, my guess is between $12 and $15 million. hey, maybe wb will match whatever we give!
i agree, the keith/veronica dynamic was one of the best things about the show, to sully that in any way, in an attempt  to just make the story "darker", would have been a travesty.
so, the real question is now, how high will it go? $5m $8m? $10m? i check it several times a day; i can't help myself!
much like the popular oots kickstarter, i see rob having to constantly add new and exciting rewards.  not because its needed to get more money, but because people really want to give more to this project.
@jason i did not know that but i believe it. that would have been awful. :(
i for one is happy that never happened. keith should be veronica's dad!
@lilly what vmars fangirl doesn't have logan on the brain at some point during the day? :-)
@jason @marilia lolololol! that's what i meant to say ^_^ i had logan on my mind. hahaha thanks
wow.  so glad this is happening!  i bought a mars investigations window decal for my car so i can drive around and show my support also!
@bryan if this does for movies what double fine adventures did for games, you might indeed be correct. however most things that are funded through kickstarter (even the big ones) will only ever be niche products that appeal to a very specific crowd, the big corporate publishers and producers will never go away and will continue to pump out drek that appeals to the lowest common denominator.
*watching veronica mars season 1! * i love it so much!! <3
@lilly: i think they mean duncan and veronica...
@ lilly, veronica and duncan* would have been siblings, yes.
yay! got paid today so i was finally able to give my my support :) i am so excited that this is finally happening!
@other jason, you got it slightly wrong bro, its shut up and take my money! http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-zlrftestzds/upsoztaqori/aaaaaaaac4a/emozr7s5k2i/s1600/shut-up-and-take-my-money.jpeg
i know this wasn't the intention when the project was started, but rob thomas just changed everything there is to know about making movies.
@jason so you mean veronica and logan would have been siblings?
how about this for a prize? lunch with tonya senff?
@kate you couldn't watch friends?!! :o
@mike this is about to become number 4 real soon. :)
i love reading the comments and @kate you seem like someone who started watching the show back in '07 not a couple of months ago lol ^_^
as the total stands now this is the 6th best funded project in kickstarter history.  pebble e-paper watch - just over $10 mil ouya game system - $8.5 mil project eternity game - just under $4 mil reaper bones minatures - $3.43 mil double fine adventure game - $3,336,371 seems likely we will pas up double fine in a pretty soon here, and i think there is a good chance to pass reaper later today too, which will put vm in 4th.  we can do it. that #1 spot is waiting.
@kate i will give you that. fun fact of the day, did you know that when rob first wrote and pitched the show he actually wanted it to be on showtime, and admitted that if it had been then the whole paternity test storyline would have went the other way. as it was the show landed on a network, and he made it as dark as he could get away with.
please take all of my money
my mom wouldn't let me watch friends either. i was way behind the curve on all the good shows of the 1990's/early 2000's.
@jason yeah.... well i mean imagine explaining the pilot of veronica mars to a 13 year old.... some pretty heavy stuff in there.
@heidi: i can understand that. :(
@ kate, couldnt watch the wb?! i mean i guess with all those evilbad shows like 7th heaven it's understandable. :p
how about this for a prize: lunch for you and 2 friends and a cast member of your choice (excluding kristen)....travel accommodations not included,
so incredibly frustrated right now.  i increased my pledge and snagged tix to the nyc premiere/after party.  i got the kickstarter confirmation screen and the amazon payments confirmation email confirming the new higher amount.  about 1/2 hour later i logged back on and saw that my pledge was still showing at the original amount.  i thought that was strange, but i looked at the pdf i'd saved of the confirmation screen again and figured it was just a glitch, as there were still 1 or 2 nyc tix (and lots of austin tix) available.  emailed kickstarter and got a response this morning saying apparently the increased pledge didn't go through because the reward class was full!  had i known i would have booked austin.  not happy.
@jason i was 13 when the show started and my mom wouldn't let me watch the wb. this show got me through the worst semester of my life and i'm a sassy bitch like veronica so i can relate to that and so many other things that have gone on in that show and with her. hot guys do not fall all over me though. that part is, i feel, tv fantasy. but i am a very passionate fan. haha.
@kate - better late than never!
@ep: warner bros. thought the original pilot was to dark so they forced it to be recut.
$10,897 raised in 1 hour!!!!!!!!!! wow!
@kate, i never would have guessed that, judging by your comments i'd figured you for a day1er. in fact i'm not entirely unconvinced that those last few questions in the faq weren't a conversation between you and rob thomas. ;)
woohoo v mars on mars or neptune...right?
@ jason: yeah, agreed. i read that article... "oh yeah i just bought the speaking role in something called veronica mars. no big whoop i might not even show up."
i'll be honest, i was late to the vmars train. only started watching a few months ago.
i'm curious to know how many new vm fans have been made due to the publicity surrounding this drive...
so judging by dracogen's lack of enthusiasm for his 10k speaking role, i think he needs to raffle that sucker off.
does anyone know why they recut the beginning of the pilot?  the dvd version is different from the version that they show on soapnet and the one posted on the wb website.
@kate, you are right, i was thinking ouya was the highest funded ever at $8 million, but i forgot about that damn smartphone watch.
i cannot get over the response this has gotten! i knew i always wanted a vm movie but knowing that 50k other people still feel the same makes my day :)
anyone else notice if you leave the page up for a few seconds, the number of backers keeps "re-setting" to 49,999? if i refresh, i see it's above 50 000, but then after a few seconds it goes back down to 49 999 - what's goin' on??
@patric, good to see a fellow torment and project eternity backer on here.
other ks projects have reached ten million. it wasn't their goal, but they have reached it.
50,000 backers and $3.3 million in 2 days. we need to make this the first kickstarter to ever reach $10 million!
i literally can't stop watching.  i'm going to get fired and not be able to stick with my contribution.  50,000 people.  wow amazing!!!
if they get the international stuff on board, i will not take my eyes off the screen. that total's going to explode.
this is what rob said about it: "as for teddy dunn, as veronica's ex-boyfriend duncan, thomas said we'd seen the last of him. "you know, we had two romantic possibilities for veronica," observed thomas, of the roles of duncan and logan on the series. "one sort of dominated the fans' interest. and it became clear that one suitor won out."" http://www.ign.com/articles/2006/07/18/veronica-mars-season-3-kristen-bell-and-rob-thomas-talk…
duncan left because the actor playing him wanted to go to law school.
@nathaniel also that makes me feel better. i don't want logan and veronica to be forced together if that's not what the creators wanted. but i feel like they kept putting them back together for a reason. if they had kept them apart and made it clear it was never going to happen, eventually people would have accepted it.
i can't get anything done!! i may have to turn off the computer. is it 2014 yet?
@nathaniel i went to work the morning of the first day and kristen bell had posted the video but it hadn't blown up on twitter yet and i went to the page, they had maybe $40,000 and i watched it pretty much all day. watched the video like eight times. was completely blown away because i just had my birthday and said to someone there, "hey, a vm movie would be awesome." and i think it, and it happens. i'm working on world hunger now. stay tuned.
i have heard he was forced but mostly because fans hated him since he had sex with veronica knowing she might be his sister. they never forgave him for that. also i know alot of fans found him boring. love wasnt planed at first. i don't think it was untill season 2 that rob desided to go with love.
kate, did you watch this page on the first day? i donated when there was only 5,000 in the coffers and then just left the page open. the exponential growth was so unbelievably awesome that i felt compelled to keep watching this page. to your last curiosity, i think it was rob's plan the whole time. having been close to the creators of a past series, the plan for how things play out seems to be done quite far in advance.
please keep the original directors of photography on this :) the picture was amazing back then..
i, literally, have watched season one of vm at least 10 times through... each time, introducing a new friend to the awesomeness of the show. ask my friends, i'm obsessed. and i am sooooooo excited about this movie! this gives me the perfect excuse to watch the entire series all over again! time to break out the dvds!
i am curious... not that it matters but i've been having this... rather heated... discussion with people at work that said duncan got "forced" out by the fans of love and others who argue that rob thomas wanted it to happen that way, he'd been planning a logan/veronica since he made logan a regular character after jd was cast. was it forced or was it the creators' idea? (their chemistry is amazing, no arguments there, this is no rachel/joey scenario)
so excited that this is finally happening!!!!!!!!!! i'm tracking how much the pledges go up in the next hour. hoping to hit $3,500,000 by 10:50 am ct
i can't stop talking about this... my bf must think i am crazy... but it is worth it!!! go veronica mars go! #bestshowever
yeah what about another season? i definitely would pay for that to happen.
@amber right there with you.
my coworkers are starting to worry about me.  i'm just.. staring at this screen, all day, watching the numbers go up and reading people's comments.  i'm just so glad to be a part of this, you guys!  glad i'm not the only obsessed and excited-beyond-belief fan out there!
@natalia i would literally die
@kate for realz, and what about a personalized logan inspirational message of the day? get jason involved somehow, pretty please!!
keep in mind that the movie takes a few weeks to shoot; a show is ongoing. kristen bell has other obligations (house of lies), as does ryan hansen. jason dohring is in a new hbo series. it would be very tough. but maybe! i hope so!
@vinnk: a lot more. pay for the show, about $30 mil. but we would also have to pay for a slot. but i don't think they have time to do a new show.
don't stop at the movie.  how big of a stretch goal is series 4?  we'll pay!
pledged $100 from australia. i don't need a t-shirt, and so long as there is someway i can pay to see to movie i will be happy. what about a kickstarter campaign to fund new episodes of vm the series? i'd pay for that ;)
i think a great stretch goal would b to get the party down crew to cater the neptune high reunion! wha do u guys think?
@natalia seriously though. you know how much money they would make if they offered a picture of jason dohring smoldering and a personalized message (a la ryan gosling) "hey girl...."
excited!!
i work in the u.s. capitol. of course there's nothing to do. yayyy sequestration.
in the short time that this project has been on kickstarter, i've started myself a routine. i check the numbers while eating breakfast, and then once every few hours throughout the day. yesterday, i sat here for about 30 minutes, just watching the counter go up, and up... (and reading the numerous comments, of course)
@kate they're missing so many great opportunities here hahaha
i'm just so happy and there's literally nothing to do at work (might be a teensy bit hungover, whatever) i just keep watching this like a person possessed.
@natalia yes.
@patric lol sorry still all about the love but i do love the enthusiasm and i did love anytime those two worked together. (especially when it fell apart and they fought like they always do)
@kate: yep. lowe all the way! :d
can i suggest  a ride with logan on the yellow x-terra as a package?? seriously, think about it, rob
at this pace we should forget the movie! i think there's a larger fan base for it to back on tv! man were making the wb and cw executives feel like dumb dumbs for one canceling this show and 2 for thinking that there wasn't enough interest in warranting a movie. it's only day 28 --------------------------------------->
@ balabanto oh and i am so happy all our campaigning is paying off!!!!
@ balabanto i will for sure tomorrow now i am off to bed to dream about this awesome movie ;) i can only imagine how it was going up yesterday, 2 mill in 10 hrs or something like that. that is insane !! i hope the cw is taking note!!
honestly lovers, despite my emphatic support of team logan, you know the best relationship on that show (besides keith and v) was the logan/dick bromance and possibly the weevil/logan love-hate. :)
@tami good to see you alive and well. shoot me an email. we'll catch up. you should have seen it yesterday. it was ridiculous.
@kate i think they will reward us like that somehow in the end. @ balabanto hi b!! great to see you here! this is so very exciting!! i was watching the total tick over, it's about a pledge a minute!!
@balbanto that's ok. he has a set of identical twin brothers. maybe they're not married yet. :)
kate, that's a great idea. i hope rob listens.
also, for the poor kids out there, would it be possible to have a random drawing for just a few tickets? i realize the movie needs money, but some of us with student loans can't pay $1000. in the spirit of the people like keith and veronica who live in the inn at sunset cliffs? not all of us are 09ers. :(
@kate: and he has kids
so excited! happy to have the opportunity to pledge my support!
i told my roommate today that jason dohring has been married since veronica mars started back in 2004. look on her face = priceless.
@balabanto: thanks! i had it made when i was watching season 1. have been waiting for a chance to use it again. :p
another vote for international support! i'll easily bump up my pledge if i can get a digital copy of the film!
@patric: love the icon. bwahahahaaa! hilarious.
yeah, it really is. i spent last night just staring and now i'm doing the same thing. :p
haha, balabanto, that's true. i should have been more specific: have your name in the credits as an extra incentive for a higher sum (say, 500$, or even 1000$)
yes, jane. we are. it's hard for me to keep writing my own stuff while this is going on. the counter is like video crack.
is anyone else just doing nothing apart from staring at the screen watching the total rise but when it pauses for a sec and doesn't move you're like 'nooooooooo keep going,  keep going!!!!!!'
ludovica: i would love to see that, but at this point, we're almost at 50,000 backers. unless your pledge was outrageous to begin with, the credits would be longer than the movie. :)
blu-ray version 1-3 for the uk please.  not even bothered if it's part of the package here, just to be able to buy the set would be a bonus.
what about having your name mentioned in the credits? that would be a nice thing - and i can't imagine that it would cause much legal trouble.
news of a veronica mars movie has cheered me up at quite a low time in my life, so thanks for that! i would pledge more if there was even just a simple digital download option for the uk. i imagine the backing would increase significantly if countries like the uk, germany and france were opened up too!!
i wonder if the season 1-3 boxes will be the européen version for us in europe if they get international.
it's funny nathalie saying as that as she's french there'll be no digital copy (as we all know), as the only way i could get my box set of the series that would play in the uk a few years ago was to get them from 'europe' with the box and descriptions in french.
great idea!
and tonight start the veronica mars marathon! :)
oooooh!  cnn just said that rob is going to be on starting point, probably in the next hour!
it's a real pleasure to support genuinely nice people like rob, kristen, rico and the whole cast.  i would be thrilled if something similar could be done for party down, which constitutes some kind of comedic masterpiece.
i'm a backer from brazil. if i could get at least a tee, i'd pledge for more. love vm with all my heart and am thrilled to be part of this projec
they've said many times they're trying to sort out international perks. i'm from australia so i'm hanging out for them too - i get it. the digital release being locked to us currently is probably an order by warner bros - not rob's decision. that's why, in the update, on his twitter, he's said there's 'thorny issues' they're trying to work out. patience, guys. it's a virtue.
would totaly give more if i can get a digital copy of the film...but i'm french so no copy for me :( it's a pity really 'cause as long as it's digital copy that doesn't require postage ! but if postage wasn't an issue i would really like to get a "mars investigation" mug ^^ but enough for self pity : i really, really, really hope veronica and logan will end up together ! and we need some good screen time for weevil, just love francis capra <3
je suis française et je suis fière de participer à ce projet ! en france la série a très bien marché ! j'espère que ce projet prendra vie pour les fans du monde entier de veronica mars et rob thomas.
@michael siggins yup, would be nice. unfortunately this kicktraq trend is a simple linear projection and therefore utter nonsense for kickstarter projects. :-) but 6 or 7 millions might be reachable.
well, they apparently are now that it hit its goal.
wait a minute...wait a minute.... you mean the company that spent 60 million dollars on beautiful creatures couldn't cough up 2 mill to get a veronica mars movie out for the fans? we had to do it ourselves? sheesh!
really excited about this. if you start offering international shipping, i'll most likely be able to pledge more.
hehe trending to 33million... would be nice http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/
would love to back with more if i could get the digital copy. but because i live outside the us i can't get it. which sucks. i don't need the t-shirt. i just want the movie! :(
don't you think that it's a little bit ironic. veronica went to neptune and was around the rich kids all the time, the ones who had everything, and could pay for anything they wanted. as far as this kickstarter campaign goes, if you're lucky enough to be rich, then you get the best rewards! if only i was rich, i could have paid to meet the cast, and be in the film too! *sigh* :)
there should be a screening in an austin movie theatre
keep the calender and just load me down with v mars pens my kingdom for a mug, lol
nora, me too! i would love a pen, a calendar and a mug.
that's an awful lot of car chases and nudity.
um, netflix *is* the network for hoc.
i asked rob and i'll ask everyone here. what amount would the kickstarter fund have to reach before we reconsider veronica mars : the movie for veronica mars: season 4 (or the min-series). more veronica is better than less veronica on a bigger screen. and as netflix's  series "house of cards" by david fincher has proven, you don't need a network to have a series. what do you guys think?
ships world wide plz
charisma carpenter?  wallace's mom?
any chance we might see some of those mars investigations pens and calendars? because, no lies, i'd use them.
hey rob! if we raise 5 million, can we get a logan/veronica sex scene???  logan schtupped kendall 20 different ways during season 2, but he barely got more than a firm onscreen embrace with veronica. you know you'll raise 5 million if you promise the fans some love...
lots of interesting information in this rob thomas interview.  http://www.hitfix.com/whats-alan-watching/exclusive-veronica-mars-creator-rob-thomas-on-the-wildly-successful-kickstarter-movie-campaign/3
how about a portland premiere, with britt daniel karaoke?
i just watched the video on the front page. that is so much awesomness. they better include that on the dvd or at least the blue-ray (since it has more stuff on it), because it's part of the history of the project and it's great. my internet connection is fun so it took half an hour to watch said video, hense why it took a whole day to get around to it. i need a large block of time. @yerania - i agree. i want him in the movie. @a11starm3 - and i want her, too. i'm guessing those in the video are all already on board, so tina and francis are the main other ones i want to see in the movie. i'd love to see others (the kane siblings in cameo and/or flashback form being a big one), but those are the major ones.
@ash and eli - spamming your project link is directly against kickstarter rules, you know.
there's also quite a few people that are brand new to kickstarter and may not realize that the money isn't taken immediately. they would also fall into the final day or two bracket that would cause an increase.
not entirely true christian. for one, international fans are kind of in the lurch right now. if/when that's straightened out there's going to be a significant boost in funding. two, with this amount of traffic and attention there's going to be a pretty decent sized amount of people that hit the remind me button and will be notified via e-mail at the 48 hour mark. a lot of people simply don't like committing money a month in advance and want to budget things out before doing so. waiting until the end allows them to do this. if the rob runs the ks well, there will also be additional tiers to tempt people into higher slots around that time in order to get some of the diehards that came in day one to maybe move up a tier or three. there's plenty of opportunity for an increase on the final day and we have a long way to go.
hey rob, can we borrow 7k please :) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ashdrawsthings/draw-like-a-boss  sorry for spamming but i think this is worth it.
i hope that any hispanic characters sound authentic. it just ruins it when they don't.
i hope the get francis capra to do the movie it wouldnt be the same without eli "weevil" navarro!!!
yes but word of mouth has already had its efect you cant expect anywhere near as big of a bost at the end as at the start when everyone knew right away second even with a big boost at the end wed still not get any where near your 38mil you are being hyper unrelistic think of it this way you progect nobody new about till near the end so the word of mouth gave a huge boost seeing as every online news source is already talking about this and every kickstarter progects comments are talking every youtube video about veronica mars has a comment every facebook group the tweeter acounts all the fans have already been told so from here on out its new pepole and new pepole are far less likly to donate the big bucks
christian, my project did 50 percent of it's value on the final day. it all depends on how word of mouth spreads and what your project is, and how on top of it you stay.
@balabanto wed be lucky if we hit 10mil more likly we will hit between 5-8mil no project ever matains its first days momentum we got a 1/3 of what we got yesterday we will probubly get a 1/3 of that tomarow
@hanne: right there with you! :)
i wonder if stephen king is in for anything. he loves this show.
hi rob and crew! my name is misty and i create board and miniature games.  i would love to make a set  veronica mars miniatures and a board game. if you or anyone could point me to the proper licensing department for that i'd appreciate it. thanks for the great opportunity to enjoy this one shot, we hope we make you proud. :0)
i have donated and if i can spare more by the time this thing runs out i will definitely donate more. i love love loved the show so damn much and i swear to god i remember this is happening and freak out a little every 30 minutes or so. i can't stop thinking about it and i cannnnn't wait for this film to come out!! i just have one favour to ask... please let me have my digital copy of the film somehow. i live in new zealand, and even though the shirt would be cool i don't care about it anywhere near as much as seeing the movie!! i love you all soooo much and thank you for doing this for us!!
so unbelievably happy about this. would love some mars investigations swag. best additional fundraising idea i've seen. i would rock that coffee cup :) and tina majorino is a must have.
i think at this pace they should have a stretch goal of "new season after the movie." if rob can't make a season for the extra 38 million dollars, something has gone off the rails, since he said he'd only need 10 million to make a movie.
please lock down tina majorino immediately!
i really wish netflix would put the show back on streaming...would make my life that much happier.
"the seventies had the hustle. the eighties, the moonwalk. we have the faux lesbian dance." can't wait!
hi rob & kristen....i donated, & would love to see you choose san diego again for your filming location.  it would go a long way towards revitalizing our industry down here.  either way, though, i'm happy to donate.  having the project film in san diego would be more than enough payback!
percy daggs iii is on board!!!!
vm graphic novel?
same for me @jason, it conflicted with something else i was watching (in the days b4 dvrs). when soapnet started airing it last year around this time, i watched the first epi and was hooked. watched it 3 or 4 times again. with their airing schedule (if it's the same as it was) it takes about a month to get through a season.
cool! @jason and @brys thanks for the info! :)
vm makes me nostalgic for the "early" naughts ....
i never watched veronica mars upon its first airing.  years later and spurred on by years of hearing how good it is and now the successful ks campaign and i've watched the first episode.  that's all it honestly took.  i'm definitely in.
@nicole, in a week or so it will change to seasons 2 and 3 for some reason they only keep 2 seasons on there at a time.. also on soapnet channel 5-7pm eastern time on weekdays
we are on pace for 48 million. keep it going, people!
logan lives!
all 3 seasons are on soapnet.
music idea: "the xx" would be a great band choice for the veronica mars movie. or metric, or silversun pickups? one of the (many, many) things i really liked about veronica mars was that they always had very cool music. thinking about how the independent/alternative/etc. scene has evolved in the years the show has been off the air could be a good starting point in picking out music for the movie. in any case, just super-thrilled to see this happening!
i can only find seasons 1 and 2 on wb.com
another international backer here. saw this project back when it was an hour old, really wanted to jump in, held back because of us-only. while i do have us proxies, i am also looking forward to when you can work out the thorny issues (i'm guessing licensing, region-lock issues artificially imposed by the cartels). in other words, looking forward to when i can increase my pledge, :).
"how about parties for kickstarter supporters at both ny comic con and sdcc? nycc is in october (after shooting is done), so it'd be a great time to show some clips at a party and/or panel. and another vote for mars investigation swag! pens, mugs, post-its, fridge magnets, vinyl decals that attach to frosted glass doors in dingy office complexes...or, y'know, walls. heck, even just mars investigation business cards for keith and veronica would rock! most importantly, thanks for making more veronica mars!" omg i would love to see veronica mars anything at new york comic con  !!!! pleaseeeee !! i cant be the only one !
it truly makes me happier and happier every time i watch the numbers change.  i have loved me some vmars since the first time i watched her.  such a great project.
ridiculously happy to give to this project and watch the numbers go up. i've been watching the profile-video over and over and can't wait to see the real deal next year!
@terry the entertainment business =/= kickstarter. check my backer history, i think i have had more experience with kickstarter and the trends for how they deal with swag than you, no offense. :p
@ erin, you can watch it on thewb.com
i'm going to start watching the show tonight. if you want to follow along, i'm posting dialogue (starting with season 1 episode 1) at @iveronicamars on twitter
my dvds are all packed away and vm isn't on hulu or netflix...uggggggg i might have to unpack my movies. i'm seriously looking forward to more snarky sarcasm! this show helped me get through college with some sanity,
@terry, actually brys is correct. this is from the faq:  t-shirts will ship shortly after the kickstarter campaign ends. we need to get your size information and print the t-shirts, so it will take a little time. but we hope to get them sent out in may. so apparently different sizes will be available. =)
@brys,thanks, that would be nice, but having worked for over 30 years in the entertainment business in just about every branch you can think of, i know better! that's the way they do it. perhaps if this was a t-shirt business, i'd say, i agree ... we'll just have to wait and see.
i first watched the tv show via dvd marathon in college. it was between my btvs and bsg benders. i love the show and am excited for the movie!
...i know what will be on repeat in my dvd player until 2014! ahh can't wait for the movie! must watch all episodes of veronica mars (yet again) immediately!
@terry most kickstarters actually let you pick your size for t-shirts and the like, so don't doom it to the drawer just yet. :)
$3.2 million . . .
hmmmm ... i think i'd rather have a pen ... or a paperweight. the only t-shirt they ever send is an xl and me and kristen could fit into one of those ... now! even with her belly! :) so, yeah, i'd prefer something from mars investigations ... perhaps a note pad, too, one of those long ones that the private eyes use! otherwise, the shirt will sit in a drawer, or i'll give it to my husband to wear.
so my husband was like: "rob thomas will probably kill off logan and have that be the murder mystery." oh pretty pretty pretty please. i know it is film noir, but that will totally break my 30something going on 16 heart! ;) anyways, i am so excited about this! epic!
ooh i could use a mars investigation pen!
please, please, please give us some mars investigation swag!
@melissa. right there with you. i would love a sf premiere.
if we raise enough could a whole new season happen....? i'm just a greedy fan hoping for even more. so happy the movie will happen!
in honor the big success! my small celebration :) http://instagram.com/p/w3gntahhmp/
what about a premiere in san francisco, or san jose, ca? for all us northern ca folks...i'd love you even more!!!!!!!
what an awesome thing to be part of!  we made news and kickstarter history!!!
among other things of course, the movie should be about veronica entering the world of fbi and leaving the supposed fbi experts feeling tiny beside her.
you know, filming some scenes in boston would give you some nice tax breaks that could be put toward mars investigations pens ;)
and yeah instead of a monolithic movie, maybe a new season/mini-series on netflix or something haha. but i'm happy either way!
the veronica mars movie project has just received the prestigious dalai lama dude! award.  http://tinyurl.com/ab65uoh
i've noticed other projects on kickstarter that say "add 5 dollars to ship outside the us." that's probably how it's going to work once issues are resolved :)
i think a lot of people were upset with the ending of season 3 not because they didn't get the ending they wanted but because the show didn't get a finale it was worthy of. season 3 finale felt like a season finale not a series finale.  the look that veronica gave logan after he kicked the crap out of gory (i think?) and then she is still with piz instead of following logan out?  i was broken hearted. i don't want love together because rob feels that fans dictate it but because that is what he wants. the movie is going to include a high school reunion? who is to say that they don't see each other there for the first time in 10 years? people change. i'm not the same mean bitch i was 10 years ago so maybe logan won't be the same douchey guy. :( (i seriously love logan but he made some major mistakes). my husband also laughed at me for being a 31 year old woman fangirling over this movie...but then told me when i get paid again to donate more! :) woohoo! i am beyond excited and i'm totally fangirling it!
yeah, but the theme from seasons 1-2 was spunky, like veronica  ;)
someone posted about kickstarter parties for supporters at ny comic con and sdcc. i would like to add dragon*con in atlanta, ga in august. :) i know of many who have donated and would attend!
rob never liked the theme of season 1-2. he always wanted a more noir-type of theme. the season 3 theme was sort of his dream theme. myself, i really liked it.
hey how about reefer madness ii ? just kidding.
any people going to austin premiere who only want the one ticket? ill buy the other one off you :)
oops, wrong link.  here's the right one. http://www.buzzfeed.com/adambvary/joss-whedon-on-kickstarter-and-firefly
interesting answers from joss whedon... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
let's get 30 million and vin diesel can play weevil.
are you guys going to open more premiere/after party prizes?? im from outside the us, but i've found someone that can buy it for me and now it's all gone!
brandon totally agree!!!!
rob, now that this is a go, please go back to the original theme song.  forget about the slowed down version from the third season
any chance you'll add a boston red carpet premiere? :)
ok, let's set a new goal! $20 million, and we get a little 8 epi mini-series, you know, the one we never got back when you did that "new" pilot. how about it??
i sincerely hope that vinnie van lowe will make an appearance
i just wanted to say that this is incredibly cool to be a part of and even though i know we're all super excited to see what comes out of all of it, i hope that rob thomas doesn't let $3 million in two days put too much extra pressure on him.  speaking for myself, i hope that my pledge is seen as a show of support and respect for what the vm team has already created.  i hope they have as much fun making this movie as we are having supporting it together as a fandom.
please introduce international shipping. i will back for more money if i know i don't have to get it double shipped.
yes! we did it!! i am soooo excited for this movie!! u should have made shipping available to europeans though... i would haven given even more money!
this obviously distorted with the crazy first couple days, but fun to watch none the less.  with the crazy first couple days, kicktraq has this project targeted to reach $46.7m by the end.  if only... imagine the movie that could be made... http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/559914737/the-veronica-mars-movie-project/
@e. tsang - i knew there were things i left out of that list. fridge magnets, post-it's, decals, business cards. yes, i like these ideas. i hope we get lots of mars investigaton swag options as add-ons. would be awesome and my pledge would definitely start stretching beyond what it should. for this, i wouldn't mind one bit.
keep it film noir please!
how about parties for kickstarter supporters at both ny comic con and sdcc? nycc is in october (after shooting is done), so it'd be a great time to show some clips at a party and/or panel. and another vote for mars investigation swag! pens, mugs, post-its, fridge magnets, vinyl decals that attach to frosted glass doors in dingy office complexes...or, y'know, walls. heck, even just mars investigation business cards for keith and veronica would rock! most importantly, thanks for making more veronica mars!
@edmund lee: the show had over 3 mil. viewers in us, so no. 48k backers is not enough.
will we get 5m or more when it end at april 12?
i'm still upset about them canceling this show.  i can't wait for this movie.
i think there's clearly enough interest for a 4th season!
austin premiere! can't wait!!!
premiere party in my hometown of atx, and i can't afford to go :(. if i started a kickstarter, would anyone donate to help this poor college student marshmallow go? :(( so jealous!
any chance of a bigger venue for the la premiere so that more tickets could be offered? i'm so jealous of the people who got to them first, and pretty excited for them at the same time. marshmellows have to stick together!
so excited for this movie! and excited to be a part of this!
please please please open up more nyc premiere/after party options? i would buy them in a heartbeat!
i'm ready to donate again, but not before they start with the international shipping....get to it, rob
what about a portland premiere. i think i would be ok with that xd
hopefully they will add stretch goals. would love to see where the extra money over 2mil is going
if only they could think up some more speaking roles in the movie.....
looks like i'll be at the austin premiere...  :d
sdcc comic con panel 2013. think about it, please! think of the added buzzzzz. talk about perfect timing. ;)
it'll be interesting to see what kind of a boost rob's interview with the today show will bring.
wish i had an extra 1000 dollars to go to the austin premiere!
check out austin.  i'm hoping since it's rob thomas' hometown it might be a special event, plus it's a great town.
yayyyy!!!!  take that, rob!  now you can't kill off logan!  :-d  3m, baby!
daran! norris! daran! norris!  $4m stretch: daran in space.
oh man. so close to getting the last two tickets to the premiere in nyc. had to enter a credit card number for amazon, and by the time i did, the reward was gone. probably for the best, as i don't really have $750 to spare. alas, i really wanted to go!
wow! over 3 million in donations! yay! now we just have to wait and hopefully get international shipping for you narnia guys. :) btw i just want it to be a good movie. i know rob will deliver i mean the show was amazing the whole 3 seasons :)
unbelievably excited for this movie!  been a fan since day one.  followed all the actors after the series (sad) ending.  so happy this day has finally come!!  thank you rob, kristen, jason, enrico, ryan and the rest of the cast/writers/creators who never gave up!!  clearly we never gave up either.  is it march 2014 yet? "true love stories never have endings." :)
what  a great gift from my husband,never been to la and can not wait maybe i will let him go with me,or perhaps a girlfriend who really loves veronica get this movie made!!!
backup lives!!
yippee, yippee, yippee!  i just made a pledge for the austin premier.  gulp.  now, i am worried that the "cast" might be the cappucino lady in scene three background or something.  ah, what the hell.  i live in phoenix and am from texas so it makes a good reason to get to austin. that said, mr. thomas, kristin bell and jason dohring, and enrico colantino better be there!!! mean look.
@scottie - captions/subtitles would be great. i'm not deaf, but my hearing isn't the greatest and i use them whenever it is an option, because my family gets annoyed if i crank up the volume enough that i understand everything without them. with them, i can fill in the blanks that my ears missed. it's nice. well, we've sored past that 3mil. i guess we get a brawl at the reunion. those are fun to watch. i like action scenes.
would have pledged higher were i not in australia where the pledge rewards arent deliverable... oh well.. cannot wait to see if this gets off the ground.. veronica mars is my fave show of all time.. own the box sets and have watched the whole series at least 4 times from start to finish!! biggest fan!!
@brys i hope they can figure out the legal/copyright issues for the international vm fans @monthenor  love the idea of a sloth in the movie!!! kristen will be thrilled! lol
too sad that if your foreigners yoi can't have the t-shirt (t_t)
darn. should have checked the updates before posting. oh well, they've got a large budget and plenty of time to figure it out. hopefully it'll happen. :)
i hope the movie (digital, theatrical, dvd) will have captions/subtitles so it's accessible to all people, include deaf and those who may not have english as a first language.  it would also be great if profits of the movie went to a worthy cause (invisible children? a domestic violence organization?  something related to a theme on the show? a grant for another noir indie project?) since there is no reason that warner bros should profit from a movie funded by fans.
now that we know that you're going to get 20 millions, how about sending some of the stuff outside the us ?
this is so fantastic and i'm thrilled to be a part of it, thanks for putting it into the hands of the fans mr thomas!
i hope joss whedon will make a cameo. also will teddy dane be in it?
*rights
@anna henriksson: has nothing to do with shipping costs. it's the right, i think. they are working on it. will take a week or 2.
upped it to 750...thank you guys so so much for the extra premiers!
ships within the us only? come on! i know it seems reasonable to keep shipping costs down, but you just recieved $40 less from me than you could have recieved. was it worth it?
well, i gave in and donated. i am excited for this to happen! i love that we have a say on something we would love to come into fruition. i love you jason dohring and kristen bell!
i guess many people have though about it and maybe even posted a comment about it, but, can we call ourselves "movie producers" after successfully backing this project? i think yes!
wow! over 3 milion...
someone will survive ^_^
hopefully they can work out the legality/copyright issues for our international friends. t-shirts and digital copies for all! not to mention what it'd do to the counter. >.>
amazing, i knew a long time ago that this was a possibility. i knew fans could group together and get a few million together to help support a low budget but high ceiling vm film. and this is going to be bigger then i imagined.
congrats on 3 million.  this project as of now is number of 6 of all time funded projects in kickstarter history (if successfully funded (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kickstarter)
stretch goal for 3.5 million: put a sloth in the movie!
i'm hoping this will make other movies based on tv-shows a reality! there are alot of shows that never got an ending. maybe we could finaly get the 3:d "the pretender" movie through kickstarter!
three million! that's fantastic!! :d
awesome!  congrats on 3 million!
woohoo!!!!!! $3mil, look at that!!!!! :)
here's hoping we beat $3,141,592 today! ;)
3 million. . great!!!!!!!! let's get to 4:d
yay. 3 million is now a reality.
$3 million!!!!! woo hoo!
wow!
oh my, 3 millions !
woohoooo!!!
backup survives!
woot!
3 millions yay!
3 million yay
yay!!!
some of us fronted money in the hope of something like this happening. glad to see i'm smarter than i look.
wont be long now
ooooh,  999!
i need it to hit $3 mil so i can tear myself away and go to work!!
oh, less the 5k left!!!
those new rewards are certainly going fast. and look at the total zooming up toward 3 mil!
in australia, but still donated. probably means i wont get the t-shirt but could be arranged :)  can't wait for this
and weevil! we gotta get them all!
yes! wallace! come one mac!
party down movie and/or new series should be greenlit based on the response to this alone.
@angie wallace! <3 hear that, kate? my 15 minutes of non-explosion time is one step closer!
wallace!!  any word on mac?
yeah, i hope none of you think that i have been trying to start a fight or anything. i have just said things as i se them and at the same time trying to not stepp on someones feelings. a friendly desuction. i hate conflict so i really don't whant to start one. everybody has the right to their opinion.
tmz confirmed
wallace is in!
the best kind of internet peace offering
@magan peace offering in the form of e-hearts. <3
oh, ok. snarking, eh? good old twop'ers amongst us?
what about a reward of red carpet premiere in paris? the cast should love it as well as french fans!
that was legitimately funny.  no hard feelings <3
rob and kristen, i've waited for this for years.  i can't wait for the movie next march!
did anyone choose to rent out a theater in boston?   it would be interesting to see which home towns have been selected for that pledge level.
ok, that was legitimately funny.  no hard feelings
lol
@ludovica less fighting, more arguing and snark. we're kind of being true to the show, really.
@ludovica orsodoro: i haven't noticed any fighting.
lol, i'm not touchy in the slightest.  since launch i've actually been grateful to see conversation about the show revamped.  i merely posted an opinion and fair rebuttal.  you're a tad defensive there.  calm down and enjoy
melbourme premier plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz,  it would be awesome,  i'm sure there are plenty of aussies who would love it!!!!!
@patric, they had a lot of chemistry. i'd be just as happy with a lowe ending as love.
are you seriously fighting here? why, of all places, now and here?
i was so happy to donate to this last night - now i'm even more excited to share this event that'll take place on monday, april 1st (not a joke i promise) - i was able to easily convince the owners of sidebar in nyc to begin hosting viewing parties for veronica mars beginning with the first two episodes and continuing every monday after - maybe kristen and rob'll stop by to see the fans that helped get this project off the ground :) http://iadventure.com/event/detail/51423fc6657e6/free/veronica-mars-viewing-party
@patric hahahaha <3
myself, im a lowe shipper! ;)
@magan geez, don't be so damn touchy. i posted my one concern about this project, i got jumped on by ardent shippers, i posted a rebuttal, and now i was apparently trying to "silence" other opinions.
c'mon international rewards! would love to attend the premiere in ny!  if it is a problem with the other merch not being able to be shipped or distributed outside of us, could there be a backer level for just tickets to events?
almost $3 million!
@beth i thought the logan lives stretch goal was scrapped in favor of ensuring backup's survival? ;) he's still fair game! ..i'm kidding. team logan can seriously stop swarming on me now. :(
