bless you bruno! latest comment ever :) where have you been!? we'll email you through the bleepbleeps helpdesk and get you fixed up...
i know i'm a little in late, but i have not recived my sammy screamer :(
hi deborah, we're sorry you haven't received your sammy yet. it looks like you haven't given us your address. we've emailed you through the bleepbleeps helpdesk :)
i still have not received my sammy screamer !! i was an original backer - i do not want a new product if i can not get the one i paid for !!!!!! dha1313222@aol.com
thanks simon! we are currently working on 3 new products and bleepbleeps cloud :) full steam ahead!
cool, thanks. really looks forward to this :) when will you be releasing new great products?
what! simon we're so sorry about that. shipping error. we'll email you now.
i have still to receive my sammy screamer.. can you please give an update?
hi jack - we've emailed you :)
hi, as it appears you already send the sammy screamer to most backers, but i am sorry to tell you that i did not get my pledge so far. could you please help me in this matter? did you have a problem, sending the pledge to luxembourg (europe)?
oh no clifford! you must have slipped through the net! we've emailed you from the helpdesk - apologies for the delay and thank you for patience.
hello, i want to inquire about the status of my package. i been patiently waiting for my mail but as of now, i still haven't received it yet. thank you.
you're welcome stephen - glad we fixed you up :)
everyone.  bleep support resolved my issue in no time.  very professional and quick service.  could not be happier. thank you bleep customer support.
hi stephen - we've emailed you through the bleepbleeps helpdesk
i am reading the updates and this was supplied to be out in april.  what is the status?  i have received nothing.  no emails. no tracking. no package.
oh dear marco there must be a shipping problem - we've emailed you from help@bleepbleeps.com
still waiting for mine. delivery timeline or something?
@brad - strange. we've messaged you through kickstarter...
i have checked all my folders including spam and still have received nothing.
@brad we emailed you through the bleepbleeps helpdesk on thu, 2 jul at 9:37 am. we have just resent the message :)
@brad looks like we missed that one. we'll contact you asap through help@bleepbleeps.com
had one of mine stop working even after the battery was changed. emailed through the website, but no response.
@ion we've emailed you through the bleepbleeps helpdesk at help@bleepbleeps.com
awaiting my sammy...
ok got sammy today
hi pietro - we shipped a while ago so there must have been some kind of shipping error with your order. we've emailed you through the bleepbleeps helpdesk. and congratulations on the birth of your daughter! sammy will be there soon too - don't worry :)
hello. i backed this projet on 8 february 2014.  i loved the sensor on stroller showed in promotional video even if i had no children. in 2 days my daughter will born and sammy it not yet here. awesome.
@joaquin sorry about that! we've emailed you through the bleepbleeps helpdesk
me too, waiting. they said they sent it to me but no tracking number or a way to know where is it. spain.
we've emailed you vinston :)
>.> still waiting on mine too, sweden
oh that is strange spongefile. we'll email you...
hello, haven't received anything in finland yet.
yes jonatan you should have received sammy a few weeks ago. we'll email you through the helpdesk
i seem to have not received my sammy.. did something go wrong ?
@christoph nearly there! we have partially rolled out to google play. full rollout happening in a few hours after we are sure the first batch are crash free :)
hello guys! are there any news about the android 5 app? greetings christoph
hi temu, we've replied through the bleepbleeps helpdesk - you should have an email from help@bleepbleeps.com shortly
hi. my sammy screamer disconnects and reconnects every few minutes and i am less them 10 feet from the door. i have reset the device multiple times and have a strong wifi connections. any suggestions? thank you.
good news temu! thanks for letting us know :)
thank you. i reset sammy and it is working now. thank you you again
hi mark, sammy should've been with you by now - we've emailed you from the helpdesk
hi there, now 20 may and no bleepers...can i have a tracking number please? cheers....mark
hi temu, that is not normal! we've sent you an email from help@bleepbleeps.com - in the meantime please follow the reset process: http://help.bleepbleeps.com/support/solutions/articles/5000614143-how-do-i-reset-sammy-screamer-
can the app turn sammy screamer off? i placed the device in sleep mode but the device still makes noise with movement. is this normal? thank you.
oh that is strange joão - we'll email you from the helpdesk
nothing yet.
hi laurent - should be any day now :) if nothing turns up this week let us know on help@bleepbleeps.com
belgium...still not arrived.
hang tight joão should be any day now :)
still waiting in portugal.
yay sarawuth, temu, max and christopher! thanks for letting us know! @christopher - android lollipop version coming end of may :)
got mine in thailand. thank you.
thank you. received sammy screamer in california.
got mine today in los angeles, thanks :)
got it, very cute.  utterly useless until you update the android app for lollipop.
got mine in alaska last friday. paired flawlessly and impressed the wife. thanks!
she's coming @brian :) we've had word from as far and wide as san francisco and australia today.
unfortunately i'm still waiting on mine... wish i had a tracking number
@joseph oh that's good to hear, glad we've got you fixed up :)
resetting it did the trick. really cool device. thanks for the advice.
@joseph how peculiar, our apologies. we'll email you through the bleepbleeps helpsesk :)
i'm having a problem similar to what brian described. i have updated to os 8.3, but still with no resolution. any suggestions?
thanks @brian - glad we got you working!
okay, i responded too soon. i was running ios 8.2 still. once i updated to 8.3 everything was perfect! great little gadget!  so happy i backed. i look forward to the rest of the line of bleepbleeps!
@mark don't stress :) sammy is winding her way to you! we are still hearing of backers receiving in the us and even the uk so nz will be any day now!
yesssss! thanks @kyle - much appreciated. even more appreciated with you having backed 68 projects :) #expert
hi there, 7 days from the 24th of april to delivery in new zealand...today is the 6th of may, not heard a bleep!!  please let me know......cheers
received mine in santa monica, ca.  working as promised.  nice packaging and easy to pair, manage.  thanks!
@brian - sorry about that we'll contact you through the helpdesk :)
i received mine today in ohio. the app recognizes that it's there, but goes into an endless loop of pairing where the little white dots fade back and forth, but the bleepbleep never pairs.
@borja should be any day now - you are one of 24 spanish backers :)
any news about spanish shipment? i think im the only one in spain who ordered this
we don't have tracking i'm afraid but sammy is dropping in the u.s. since last week: https://instagram.com/p/2ciccyayrh/ so it should be any day now!
still waiting for mine to arrive in wisconsin,u.s.  any chance you have tracking information?
yay! hello hong kong. here's sammy on shek o beach � https://instagram.com/p/wqvraegyzy/
arrived in hong kong!  thanks!
thanks @marc we've replied to your ticket just now :) thanks for the video!
after resetting the android app i was able to add all three units, but they act not as expected. the first problem is the continuous alert if a sammy is out of range for 1 or 2 hours. the second problem is that it does not reconnect a screamer after it was disconnected. i was contacted by the support so i hope we will find a solution.
@nakapanic hooray! any photos? share with us on twitter/instagram: @bleepbleeps #sammyscreamer :)
arrived in japan.  thanks.
@marc sorry about that. we'll contact you through help@bleepbleeps.com and get you fixed up!
one defective unit received. the other two are not working because the android app seems to be buggy. but after leaving them alone one started a continiues alert and the other in the same interval making a buzzing noise. after resetting the units both had the continiues alert problem. finally i was forced to remove the batteries. :(
yes we have word from the california - sammys are dropping: https://instagram.com/p/2ciccyayrh/
any one got theres from california usa?
@christoph *like*
i know that you are working on an update. when it's ready, it's ready and i think it's better to wait, than getting a fast update with annoying bugs.
@christoph gah sorry! we're working on it :) as mentioned, we made a lollipop version but it behaved strangely because android have changed the way bluetooth works.
sammy arrived in germany, hannover. i can't say if it works or not. now waiting for the app update for android 5.x. all smartphones in my house are running android 5.x.
@robert yay! thanks for the comment - feel free to review on the app store :)
arrived in germany and works great (with iphone 4s)!
@john: thanks for noticing :) as mentioned, we made a lollipop version but it behaved strangely because android have changed the way bluetooth works. we are a small team but we're working on it!
re lollipop - i was at first a bit miffed that sammy couldn't be used immediately but i checked android and in fact only 5% of the android user base are on 5.+ (lollipop) so ok!
@ph6222 should be any day now! have asked our fulfilment company for a more specific update and will get back to you all...
any update on us ship dates? thank you
bless you @pawel thank you for not moaning till end of may! we will try our very best to beat that date :)
finally get bleepbleeps today to only discover that i can't use them till end of may because i'm running 5.0. as i'm happy with overall product specially that was made in uk not in rpc i will not moan till end of may.
@uwe thanks for the comment. sorry you're having troubles. it sounds like bluetooth is crashing on the android os. we'll open a support ticket for you and reply by email. let's get this fixed for you :)
continued.... now i have connected sammy #3. after "bluetooth sharing has stopped" and bluetooth restart, the app reports sammy #1 and #2 as 'out of range' and sleeping, even though both is not true. when moved #1 and #2 both still scream. now the app is only looking for sammy #3 but does not rre-connect. boring. i am using android 4.4.2. after all the delays and the wait for apple this is pretty disappointing.
hello, i got my sammies in a very strange color mix, but i am afraid that cannot be changed now :-( when i try to connect a second sammy, it will stay 'out of range' and after a while i get the message "bluetooth sharing has stopped" on my phone. after bluetooth restarts, the app will only be looking for one sammy. the other one remains 'out of range'. is it not possible to connect more than one sammy at the same time? any hints? thank you.
@christoph correct, as mentioned below, we currently don't support android version 5.0+ yet. we've actually made a lollipop version but can't release it yet as bluetooth behaves very differently on android version 5.0 than it does on 4.0. we are working on fixing the issues right now and hope to release a new version of the bleepbleeps android app that is compatible with 5.0+ in late may. (and yes good idea @christoph) we will post a ks update when android 5.0 version is available! https://bleepbleeps.freshdesk.com/solution/categories/5000159388/folders/5000256122/articles/5000613889-android-version-5-0-
no android 5.x. i hope you will send an update via kickstarter, i don't want to miss the app update for my nexus 5. until then the sammy will/have to wait in the box.
hi @joão for our kickstarter fulfilment we opted for royal mail max sort and standard airmail options and i'm afraid we can't provide tracking codes with these options. however any purchases made from our website will get a tracking code :)
@joão we've asked our fulfilment partner if tracking numbers are available. will update you asap :)
any tracking code?
@john thanks for your comment! correct, we currently don't support android version 5.0+ yet. we've actually made a lollipop version but can't release it yet as bluetooth behaves very differently on android version 5.0 than it does on 4.0. we are working on fixing the issues right now and hope to release a new version of the bleepbleeps android app that is compatible with 5.0+ in late may. https://bleepbleeps.freshdesk.com/solution/categories/5000159388/folders/5000256122/articles/5000613889-android-version-5-0-
hi, sammy arrived but the app says it isn't compatible with my device. a sony z3 compact on lollipop - which is hardly exotic!  when will the android app be updated?
oh dear james sounds like you have a poorly sammy. we'll reply to you through help@bleepbleeps.com and get you fixed up :)
hi... my blue one didn't make a noise when i pulled the tab out of it, like the other two i have, and although it can see it, i only get as far as the air and then it says 'we lost contact with sammy'. what should i do?
thanks bleepssss. yes i got the email! no changes needed. looking forward to use this. ill promote it for you guys. your representative from the netherlands, regards, michael
don't worry christof and michael! the app is there - it's just hidden while we confirm all your addresses through backerkit over the next 24 hours. (i hope you received the email.) then both android and ios apps will be published simultaneously :)
when will the app be available in the german appstore?
i cant find the app in the dutch app store!
:)
nice!!!
thanks for noticing kevin! yes we were approved by apple today :) just preparing the *shipping* update and address confirmation emails from backerkit - will be sent very shortly. exciting!!!
app is on app store
yes all fingers and toes are crossed tony!
fingers crossed that your comment of "we hope to get approval any day now" is correct and the next update is not "apple want us to make some minor modifications to the app"
@p.h thanks for your comment. you're right, we were wrong. we were overly optimistic about what it would take deliver a connected hardware product. and we've spent a year learning just how hard hardware is. and now we are ready to ship! yes we are late but other projects have been far later and some not delivered at all! we feel tremendously indebted and grateful to all our backers for their continued patience and support. you guys have really kept us going! we couldn't send the app for approval any earlier as apple don't approve "design" (as you suggested @p.h) they approve final apps (mostly functionally) and then publish them on itunes. the app has been built in tandem with the physical product over the last year but couldn't be finalised until the hardware was completed too. app approval is the last piece of the puzzle and  we are having some positive dialogue with apple as of last week. we hope to get approval any day now so we can start shipping to all our backers around the world. can't wait for you all to meet sammy! tom and team bleepbleeps
with a projected ship date of seven months you have now almost doubled that. really disappointing that this still has not yet shipped.  i get that kickstarter is not a store, but well over a year after funding makes me really question the integrity of the creators. the app design couldn't have been sent to apple in the last 14 months of waiting? really hoping that the next update says shipped, not another excuse and delay.
@thurman we are using backerkit to manage surveys and shipping addresses. you can edit your info here: https://sammy-screamer.backerkit.com :)
were surveys sent for this? i never filled one out, and when i look at 'surveys' under the 'backed projects' page, i see this: "the survey for this reward hasn't been sent by bleepbleeps yet."
hi pawel, thanks for your comment! yes you're right we used the same picture from back in november when we visited the warehouse and secured our fulfilment partner. well spotted! the products weren't there then (as we hadn't made them) and we hope we didn't imply they were. apologies for any confusion. the products are there now and you can see plenty of photos and videos of the manufacturing process and the packaging in our regular kickstarter updates or on the @bleepbleeps instagram account.
i can't imagine that you already delayed for over 6 months and now it's even more due approval from apple. i don't have any background in projects but i would expect working on software in line with hardware. in addition you post this same picture of the warehouse where you holding your products on 12th november. then are they ready or excuse with itunes is cover story? (http://blog.bleepbleeps.com/post/102438005315/getting-ready-for-shipping-sammy-screamer-from) from your original shipping date there are similar product freealy available on alibaba or any other chinese website... please show final product/ box design and etc not this same picture of warehouse which was posted months ago. respect your backers as you might not have any next time and don't tell porkies. peace
@daniel - nice idea but you can't do much with the app without a device... you'd only get as far as the start screen: https://instagram.com/p/1frvafgyww/ it won't be long now - hopefully apple will approve next week - we just posted and update :)
can you post the link to the app in the google play store so those using android can install it and get familiar with the app.
@adak good idea! we did consider it a while back and decided against it for a couple of reasons: 1. quite a lot of our backers (bless them) don't seem to read the updates in detail (or at all!) so many of our ios customers would receive sammy without the prior knowledge that the ios app is not ready = disappointment/confusion when they can't start using sammy immediately. 2. in hindsight it would have been useful to have a survey question on mobile os so we could ship separately - we don't know which of you lovely people are using android and which are ios so we can't ship in two batches unfortunately. we hope to have itunes approval in the next week or two and begin shipping immediately after. thanks so much for your patience :)
why don't you already send the bleepbleeps while continuing to wait for itunes? the ones of us that have android will be able to use them. the ones using an iphone have to wait anyway.
@ luis diego sánchez ramírez: android app is ready to rock and requires no approval so will be instantly live on google play when we start to ship. shouldn't be much longer now, thanks so much for your patience!
on the updates you mentioned itunes issues, but, i haven't seen anything about android's app (i may have missed it). how is android's version going? do you have a shipping timeframe defined now? on feb. 24 you said on a comment "in a few weeks", anything more specific now that a few weeks have passed? regards.
oh thanks sydney! click on nay of the images or just go here: http://instagram.com/bleepbleeps :)
instagram link not working.
@hogarth trying our very best! and yes we hope to start shipping before the month is out as long as apple approval doesn't hold us up :)
well it has been a year since the project was funded. any update to when the sammy's will finally start to ship. any chance that you will get them out before the end of the month?
@joaquin very cool! we love arduino :) btw our campaign finished 11 months ago and we are due to ship in a few weeks. thanks for your continued patience and support!
i'm near to forget i bought this near two years ago. i had time to build a door alarm with arduino that message me if it opens
@ p.h: thanks so much for your patience and support. we're getting there and we could not do it without you!
http://m.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/small-business/sb-growth/day-to-day/backers-often-face-long-delays-for-crowdfunded-products/article23057331/…
i do appreciate the updates as this keeps my faith that it might one day ship. just kinda a bummer that every update you are pushing shipping further and further back. but at least you are keeping us informed.
@creator: they do look great :-). thanks
@adak the lemon and lime look great! http://instagram.com/p/wzjacogya2 nice choice :)
@tom, thanks for the update and the video. now i am regretting not ordering not ordering red ones. just kidding :-). i don't mind waiting a bit longer to get my lemon and lime ones and shipping from the uk to germany should not take all that long either.
@tom, many thanks for the reassuring update. you are most welcome to come visit bearing gifts :-)
@mark thanks for your comment. sammy is coming! we're very very close... hoping to begin shipping around jan 28. here's a sneak preview of sammy being made in the uk: http://instagram.com/p/xxle3kayce full update coming at the end of next week :) can't wait to get one to you! tom ps. mark, you are lucky as you ordered a red sammy and they will be the first to come off the line. plus you are in uk too so that will speed things up. you never know i may even drop her round to leytonstone myself ;)
@bleepbleeps, well it's now half-way through january so just how quickly is sammy coming to us?
she's coming! she's coming! bleepy new year to you all :)
@p.h.  sammy will be a grown-up lady by the time we get it...
@p.h +1
@p.h thanks so much for your patience! sammy is coming in january :)
longest running kickstarter without delivery for me. coming up on a whole year...
hi lesa, thanks for the comment. you're right. we were wrong. looking back, august was very ambitious. we've actually only moved the date twice - firstly to november 2014 and then in our last update to january 2015: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/bleepbleeps/sammy-screamer-motion-alarm/posts/1035965 both of these setbacks were for very good reasons (issues with a third-party component and children's safety) and both were communicated instantly and honestly with our kickstarter backers who we feel tremendously indebted to. we're working round the clock to make sammy a quality consumer product. you can see up to the minute pics as we start to assemble, test and ship sammy here: http://instagram.com/bleepbleeps bumper christmas update coming soon... we can't wait to get sammy out there :) tom, barry, adrian, neil, niall, luke, gaetano, giles, mark, simone, jeanne and the rest of the team. (there's quite a lot of us now!) @bleepbleeps
aww boo. first it was august, then october, then late november then sometime in q4. come on guys. i understood those setbacks. but now it's been moved once again to now january?! what the heck? sounds like your just stringing me along. if this kickstarter's next update is that they'll ship sometime in q1, i'll file for a refund.
hi simon, we’re due to ship in january - all the details are in our last update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/bleepbleeps/sammy-screamer-motion-alarm/posts/1035965
any update? are these about to ship? thanks
@simon, peter and mark - thanks for your comments! we’re due to ship in late november - all the details are in our last monthly update on september 16: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/bleepbleeps/sammy-screamer-motion-alarm/posts/987260 can’t wait to get one to you :)
11th sept - update in a few days. a few days has past. when are these going to ship?
what's the status? monthly updates asking too much?
hi there, delivery in august 2014?  now mid october.....will they ship before the end of the year? cheers  mark
hi guys, monthly update is a great idea! (sorry, thought we'd replied to this - sometimes commenting through the ks app doesn't work.) we're working on the next update now and will post in the next few days. we're still on target to deliver in q4 as mentioned in our last update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/bleepbleeps/sammy-screamer-motion-alarm/posts/925801 back soon!
@lesa +1
any news?
any way it can get a refund?
a monthly update would be appreciated. thank you.
hi mario, did you see the last update? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/bleepbleeps/sammy-screamer-motion-alarm/posts/925801 we don't have any more info beyond that yet :) cheers
@bleepbleeps, what's the update on delivery?
thanks for the update. love the pic on the full range! will you be launching the range on kickstarter or can we order direct?
@sergiu email us on smile@bleepbleeps.com and we'll dish the dirt :)
@creator can you pplease tell me what's the bluetooth component manufacturer that caused the delay? you can even do it over email, that's completely fine! we're working on our own ks project based on ble and.. you can see why i'm worried :) thanks!
hi simon, funny you should say that! we are just typing an update :)
i always live by the saying "no news, is good news". i would however like to get a conformation that this still holds true for this great project?
@bleepsbleeps i will be moving in aug. i have updated to my new address though backerkit. possible to ship it so that i will only receive after mid aug? my new place will not receive anything for me before i move in. thanks!
looking forward to holding it in my hands... and hearing it scream!!!
thanks robert, will do!
please use a postal service like usps and dhl, ups or the like. and please declare it as a gift and not as merchandise. your product is a reward for our pledges. and please attach that declaration/invoice at the outside of the package too. thank you and good luck with production and distribution. cu, robert
thank you tamara! yes red, blue and green are the most popular colours so far :)
looking forward to my award august 2014 - red is a hot color!  keep up the good work.
@bleepbleeps thanks for the quick response! i'll look forward to the update :d
hi max! production and manufacturing are tracking along nicely for our august target and we will do a massive update for everyone in the next few weeks :)
any updates on production or progress? thanks!
ah yes it expired, try this: https://www.dropbox.com/s/20g3sa02dxsewyb/bb_logo_spin_2.mp4 :)
the link you posted for the basestation did nok work :(
congrats!! :d
congrats!
great job!
awesome, thank you!
we did it!!!! thanks so much everyone :)
getting close to the stretch goal :d
@meghan a price for 6 sammy screamers? pledge at $325 :)
it would be nice if there was a level where for can get one of each of the colours... i am already signed up for the family pack.
i agree with kai.. get some last minute offers in there :p for us $55 backers
@jonatan yes very seriously considered the base station. we even mocked up a cool visual of the bleepbleeps buddy base: https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/droplr.storage/files/acc_504/3d9n… we are focussing on our other products and sammy 2.0 wifi version :)
@kai - yes you're right sammy twins is already a very good deal isn't it!
i thought about rising my pledge for another sammy screamer but your 55,-$ offer is only interesting for early bird kickstarters. if i rise my pledge of twin sammy screamer with 55,-$ i will receive three of them for 180,-$. this is more than the family unit will cost. you should think about some other offers for your non early bird kickstarters in the last hours if you want to reach the next stretch goal. best wishes
would you consider making a base station that plugs dirrectly to a power source, that ultimately could connect over all you upcomming projects? and sends it to the phone via wifi??
@jan congratulations you can have a free bleepbleeps t-shirt! remind us in the survey :)
backer #1000
@tamara - the bleepbleeps sound is in our project video every time sammy gets moved :)
would you post on your site a video with sound that offers us a sample of the sound the sammy screamer - motion alarm will make?  will we be able to choose from one sound verses another sound.  is the sound loud and disturbing?  or just email me the sample.
in order api pebble  mac/pc (desktop app) ios bridge (remote ios device connects to local ios device)  api raspberry pi arduino sdk
sorry. i meant iphone app. thank you
1. app feature: send email when an event occurs. thank you
1. pebble 2, ifttt
ifttt is definitely a must-have
mac/pc, pebble or ifttt
1. arduino 2. sdk 3. ifttt 4. ios bridge i would love bergcloud integration.
1.  app feature: send email when an event occurs. i would connect sammy to a spare ios device at home. my main device, my phone, could receive the email notifications of motion events while i'm at work. this small feature would make sammy long range. 2. ifttt
hi, support for ifttt would be really useful. thanks
ability for sammy to 'talk' to arduino/raspberry pi that have ble add-ons would be very good.
ifttt, pebble &/or mac would be great.
great to see a post about support for other services/platforms.  the platform i'd like to suggest is node-red (http://nodered.org)
ifttt integration would be really useful :)
@creators, it's gone very quiet. any further update - as promised over a week ago with regards to connectivity possibilities?
will this device work when the temperature drop below 0 celsius ? will sammy make a beeping sound if it get moved when the connection is lost ? wifi connectivity would have been awesome.
could the application send an email after receiving an alert from sammy? i am thinking of the situation where i have a sammy at home together with an "unused" old smartphone. this smartphone is always within sammy's range and will receive the initial alert, but then relays the message to me via email.
i see it says you can adjust the volume on the app. does that mean it can turn the volume down on the screamer or is it referring to the phone volume.
please please consider a simple "low tech"version of sammy for those of us who don't have "smart devices" or would find it inconvenient to have to have a compatible app device to operate sammy. there is a huge unmet need among caregivers of persons with alzheimers and other forms of demential for a friendly device that alerts them if a patient or loved one has wandered out of their room or the building… particularly in the middle of the night… sometimes getting lost just trying to find the bathroom. while there are battery operated led motion detector lights on the market, they don't give an audible alarm if someone has gotten out of bed. there are security door alarms - but they are extremely loud and may scare the beejeeezies out of an elder who is just trying to find the bathroom. the gentle bleep bleep of sammy is so much more "friendly". perhaps sammy can have a companion "monitor" (like a baby monitor) so he can be heard by a caregiver in another room in the house or building.  perhaps sammy can also have a companion led motion sensitive light so the person can see there way without tripping at night (falling/tripping is one of the major safety hazards for elder alzheimers/dementia patients!). but please - simple tech. perhaps there can be different iterations of sammy -- sammy jr/sr or sammy 1, 2, 3… at various price points? is it possible to produce a simple sammy asap? thank you for the opportunity to comment & provide input.
lots of great ideas here about further connectivity and integration! we are glad you are as excited about sammy as we are :) we will have updates on all this next week. we are having some great talks with our team and interesting partners... stay tuned!
interesting point about the server app. perhaps it comes down to offering a bleepbleeps api with some examples (arduino/sparkcore/raspberrypi/...) of how to create your own 'server' for pushing bleepbleeps data to addressable external services (xively/bergcloud/opensense/..)
wifi is ok, but how could the bridge talk with the smartphone. this would need to configure a fixed ip in the bridge and add this ip to the smartphone app and this is not as easy as connecting sammy through bluetooth. there are only two techniques available to make it easy enough: a) like eye-fi card the bridge generates its own wifi. this wifi is only available if an alarm needs to be send (so the smartphone is only offline for a short period). this solution is very nice in theory, but as i'm having several eye-fi cards i know that the smartphone does not choose the new wifi in any case. there would be a solution by scanning the wifi signals constantly, but this costs battery lifetime. b) every sammy has an id and sends alarms to a gateway server hosted by bleepbleeps. the smartphone app checks constantly for new alarms at this gateway with this id. this works without hassles, but costs money and maintenance time at bleepbleeps. i would prefer option b. but instead of creating a new hardware it would be better to create a "server app". this means a smartphone or tablet needs to be connected through bluetooth with sammy and forwards this information in a much more flexible way. e.g. by: 1.) wifi/3g to the bleepbleeps gateway 2.) wifi/3g to a cloud service (webdav, dropbox, google drive, etc.) 2.) sms 3.) email 4.) ??? as it is not expensive to buy a used android or rather most of the people have multiple devices this would be the easiest method. hope you like it.
do like the idea of a ble/wifi bridge, i'm imagining it as a charging pad for the whole bleepbleeps family
i agree with christopher re a basic ble/wifi bridge add-on and was thinking along similar lines myself.
here's a suggestion. how about an add on device as a stretch which bridges from bluetooth to wifi. so you don't have to to change the core unit to handle wifi and the extra power requirements and could have a plug in device that sammy talks to which then does the wifi alerting? not sure if this is technically feasible but i guess you guys are the experts ...
+1 wifi please.  alternate workaround.  to send an email from app directly automatically when triggered
+1 wifi pleaseeeeeee
+1 on wifi connectivity.
proposal: $100k target: built-in battery with usb charging. i hate coin batteries ;)
nice news on reaching 55k! regarding additional stretch goals, if sammy would be connectable to existing gateways (bergcloud for example) - i think it could be a real plus. question will be how achievable that is within the existing footprint. another, perhaps more accessible, stretch goal is the inclusion of additional attachment materials. (add some sugru+magnets, velcro or removable cable ties...)
i like the red the most. would be great to have a silver one, to match the colour of my car, which is where my sammy would leave, to alert me if it ever gets stolen.
got my vote for wifi. this will be a great security device for hotel stays.
just in regard to the comments below, i 100% sure that i'll at least double my pledge for wifi functionality if there's going to be one.
if you could further develop sammy screamer into wifi connectivity that will win over all security devices in the market. if we could use our phone to help setup internal wifi settings and by sending push to phone, that will be way more better. i'm thinking that 50 meters are actually how far i could see. if this could make me know if my kids open the cupboards for games while i at work that would be fairly more useful than 50 meters. i understand wifi technology is battery drainer but this could be the future. just to think about it if there's any chances we could get near that point. love your product design by the way~ can't wait to get one.
very clever.  i can think of a million places i could put these.  i recognize the concern from other people, if it is only bluetooth, could it keep a notification in some sort of internal memory until your smart phone reconnects?  or wifi…that would be ideal.  either way, i'm super excited to see this product.
this is a very cute idea; i love it! i would like to know if it is waterproof and/or shockproof? thanks!
can you tell us how loud sammy can scream? decibels? comparison to something? a full volume video with no background music (and a warning message if necessary)?
for all those lovely commenters that suggested either: 1. kickstarter limited edition colour 2. green 3. yellow you will be happy as all of the above are now available! tom and team bleepbleeps x
blue or green!
blue
can we have a stretch target for a wifi version? or a web version, so connects via wifi to router and sends an alert to a web site which tracks or alerts? i'm sure people would increase pledges to get a wifi version if available.
@marc latest faq should answer your questions :)
black please!
"if your phone goes out of range sammy goes into standby automatically and the app lets you know." 1.) scenario: for several seconds the smartphone looses connection to sammy and exactly in this moment a motion alarm fires. what happens now? was sammy in standby or was he able to catch the motion because of a timeout? if yes, how long is it and am i able to change it through the app? 2.) how do i wake up sammy if he is in standby? "you can override this in the app’s settings and keep sammy armed when out of range but this is not recommended to protect battery life." 3.) referring to the 1.) scenario: what happens here? will the alarm delivered once the connection is established again? what if the next connection takes e.g. 20 minutes?
neutrals: black, gray and white
green and blue!!
yellow please
green please
great job!  i think the best colors would be red and yellow.  continued success.  hopefully, you will offer sammies to your supporters at the end of the campaign.
we've just passed the first stretch goal, congrats! any thoughts on more stretch goals? maybe a ks limited edition color? very much looking forward to this product!
sammy, thanks so much for the answers in the faqs. i'm really looking forward to having you to protect us, you luscious little thing.
hi peeps - just published some faqs...
thank you for adding the target amount of the android app. i'm sure you will reach this target. i've raised my pledge to the family package ;)
i think this sammy screamer is a good idea, the design of a portable motion alarm that can alert you by phone is genius. but there a few things that need to be answer in order for this project to be fully realize (for example the app compatibility and the bluetooth range), but right now i support this project.
worried regarding the bluetooth range - any chance of including wifi aswell? wifi direct e.t.c.?
awesome. launch it now!  (father of a 6 week-old boy)
first target is 20.000? this is confusing as in the details targets list ist only question mark. so nobody knows how much is needed to reach this target.
android please. and i am concerned with the volume of the beep sound. please make it louder.
thanks for the comments! android will definitely happen if we reach our first stretch target... we will posting faq very soon to answer the questions on range and battery. new colours will be unlocked with stretch targets... stay tuned :)
no android, no pledge. i don't want to buy it today and wait 2 years until i'm able to use it. you should announce a release date.
with my newborn son planning to create havoc around the house, i can't wait to test a sammy screamer out! fingers crossed you guys smash you goal as the other bleepbleeps looks awesome too!
sammy would be classy in petroleum blue. but i quite like the available orange as well! is the bluetooth range 30 or 50 metres?
bleepbleeps are awesome! can't wait to get my hands on sammy and the rest of the family. good luck guys!
wow! i understand that sammy is a product in its infancy, however i wonder if you could speak to battery type, ability to replace the battery, and i was going to ask about projected times for the battery's useful life, however i recognise that this would be dependent on a number of factors. this seems like a really neat product. thanks!
