hi greg, glad to hear you're enjoying your cleverfits.  the product is available on our site (www.cleverfitstay.com) as well as several on-line retail partners.  we are working on transitioning to stores and have been added to some fine menswear boutiques in the us and canada.  this year our goal will be to keep expanding into the upscale retail channel and hopefully a store new you ;) thanks for the great feedback! all the best, sherif cleverfit inventor
mine have been incredible i use them daily.  couldn't be happier. do you sell them retail at this point?
thanks got my new ones. they work!
thanks. wow i didn't expect that.  i'll try the next ones and let you know.
hi r-ice, the cleverfits are strong and have solid functionality. they do not exhibit the issue you described, unless they were somehow distorted, damaged or assembled incorrectly. we strive for a 98-99 percent success rate in our manufacturing process. it is normal to expect 1-2 percent to not meet specifications. the last few steps in the process are done by hand: assembly, cycle testing and installation into the cases. there is always a chance a few will slip thru our quality control as human error is always a factor. i will contact you directly to see how i can help. sherif
while they are nice, they collapse too easy.  after wearing them for a bit it just collapses.
use them everyday.    love them!
thanks for the great feedback brian!
now i've had time to use my cleverfits, i love them! thanks sherif! i would recommend them to anyone.
hi , i have not received the package as yet..could you update on shipping status. shabeer
sherif--- i received cleverfit in the mail about a week ago and have been wearing them to work ever since! just wanted to say that this invention is amazing, thank you so much!! wish you the best luck in the future! sohail shakeel
hi miller, thanks for the feedback.  no worries...i'll take care of this for you. have a great day. sherif
oh and this time please could you pay the correct postage, i had to pay £14 on top to receive it. thanks
i have received mine, a pack of five. all great, except one box is empty. please could you send one double set replacement. many thanks miller london, uk
what is status of my order?  thanks.
got mine and they are great!
me too i did not received mine yet
i haven't received mine yet :(
got mine as well now. looks ok... but i would have paid $15 the most in a shop. the box is plastic and the clips are a bit difficult to handle.
got mine last week. looks very good overall. thank you.
received mine in singapore and i love it.
have not received mine yet :(
hi sherif, any status to whether mine package has been shipped in time for christmas...
great news costas!  glad to hear it. sherif
got them!! they look great and work even better! nice packaging too!  well done sherif!
techinically got mine on friday except i wasnt notified by the mailroom until today in australia. looks and feels awesome. great xmas present also for my lucky brother. loved the packaging too make it look more expensive so i can claim the same cost back for my present!!! lol!!!
thanks for the great feedback josh!  and yes, titanium may be on the radar at some time in the future.  i'll keep you posted ;) sherif
i retract much of my earlier comment, sherif graciously offered to replace my set and the new ones are of exceedingly better quality. i've had no collapse issues and the lockup is tight as a drum. the overall feel is sturdier as well, most likely due to the lockup reducing wiggle. i still stand on my final comment, i will be one of the first in line if another kickstarter pops up. maybe we'll see a titanium option sometime down the line.
hi lim, process logistics, time and cost did not allow for sending out tracking with each shipment.  however, i will be able to track certain shipments beginning next week.  please see my update number #12 for more on this. don't worry, we will make sure you get your set ;) sherif
can't wait to get mine... any tracking number that i can use to track the delivery?
thanks sherif. got mine today!
got mine today - all the way from kuala lumpur. will try it out soon!
got mine today in vancouver bc and i look forward to trying them out tomorrow!  my first project that was actually on time! whoo!
i'm still waiting for my cleverfit to arrive. anyone else?
hi josh, the cleverfits are strong and have solid functionality. they do not exhibit the issue you described, unless they were somehow distorted, damaged or assembled incorrectly. we strive for a 98-99 percent success rate in our manufacturing process. it is normal to expect 1-2 percent to not meet specifications. the last few steps in the process are done by hand: assembly, cycle testing and installation into the cases. there is always a chance a few will slip thru our qualiy control as human error is always a factor. your description is definitely a rare but not abnormal occurrence. i will direct message you to see about getting you a proper set. i have worn my stays for nearly two years now without issue and have several hundred sent out to other satisfied users who have worn them for months. no worries. i will get you taken care of asap. sherif
i've been using the cleverfit for about a week now and find that everyday my normal movement will cause one or both of the stays to collapse to their storage length. i’ve been using adjustable collar stays for years and feel that it’s not user error causing the collapse so much as a weak mechanism that holds the stays at their set length. possibly including a small spring or liner type lock type in a v2.0 would alleviate this problem, a problem i see i’m not the only one having. the case is great and while the metal dose seem substantially thinner than other metal stays i own i'm not convinced it will adversely affect the product as it’s not an accessory that will typically see a lot of abuse. i’d say they’re alright for a first mass market attempt and am happy i backed them however they don’t seem to quite stand up to the quality of larger companies that make similar products. i’d be excited to see a kickstarter sometime in the future for a v2.0 and would be one of the first backers in line.
hi sherif, another happy canadian. they look terrific. now i have no excuse for sloppy collars. thanks.
cleverfit arrived!  toronto, canada.  looking forward to getting rid of all the plastics and it is metal from here on out.
got mine today, they look great and work even better! fantastic engineering and manufacturing on these sherif!
mine finally got here.  funny how it takes the cleverfit a week to get here and my textbooks three weeks haha.
i got mine yesterday (i live in sweden) it is a christmas gift and from the look of it - a perfekt one!
glad to hear the cleverfit movement is under way ;) thanks derric, aaron and chris!
i got mine on the 16th of november and i'm wearing them today. they fit perfectly, easy to adjust and my shirt looks great. thanks sherif.
just got mine in the mail. i will be ordering more for presents! these are just as described and awesome. i actually just wasted several minutes on friday trying to find a stupid matching plastic collar stay to go to work and finally did, and they were both beyond flimsy... immediately thought of cleverfit and wished i had it already. thank you!!!
just received mine in california and am looking forward to wearing them on monday.  i showed them to some friends at work and lodge who will order sets soon.  thanks for a great product delivered as promised!
thanks for the great feedback mikey!
i got mine yesterday (new york-backer). thanks for a great product and a professionally ran kickstarter campaign.
hi richard, i will have international tracking available to me on a limited basis.  i am about to send a shipping status update that will have some useful information. have a good one. sherif
hi there, just a quick question: is there any tracking info for intl. shipments?
got mine yesterday. absolutely love them.not a big fan of the packaging.
just wanted to chime in and say i got mine! bye bye plastic collar stays.
just received my cleverfit and its just as backed. you might see some stains in the back of the item when fully slide out. i simply use a wipe to clean it. so far so good. thanks!
what a great product!  received mine yesterday and am wearing them today; all my plastic ones will soon be making it in the garbage can! the packaging is fantastic!  i wish you success!  you have a great product!
exciting stuff dan!  thanks for the feedback.  fyi, i will be posting an update about the newly launched cleverfit website this weekend.  this should help your co-workers get our amazing product for themselves as well ;) have a great day. sherif
just got my cleverfits yesterday and have them in today.  i threw away all my little plastic ones and love these.  my co-workers thought i was crazy backing these, but today they are envious and wishing they ordered them!  thanks for such a great product and good luck in the retail arena!
i'll jump in as receiving my order. . . won't know if my uncle likes them until february though....
happy holidays linh.  i'm sure your boyfriend is going to love them! sherif
just got mine in the mail today. was playing with them for a little bit. i'm very excited to give to the boyfriend for christmas =).
hi quentin, i am very glad to hear you got your cleverfit set today.  they have been years in the making.  they are definitely solid and will keep your collars crisp and attractive for years to come.  have a great night and thanks again for being on the cleverfit launch team. sherif
hi sherif, just got my cleverfit set.  i'm pleased, they look great, way way better than the men's warehouse collar stays i've had.  they feel solid as well, and i'm looking forward to using them through the years. -quentin
hi kris, we began shipping with some international backers last week due to the additional customs requirements and lengthy transit times.  those are continuing this week and us backer shipments should start today. hang in there...you'll have your set soon ;) best, sherif
any backer here got their cleverfit? i got nothing and i'm only 2 states away. :i
yes you are right josh!
shipping starts today!!!!!!!
good to hear everything is on track. can't wait to have proper collar stays!
hi michael, yes we are on track to begin shipments on november 5th!  full speed ahead ;) sherif
@sherif, are we still on track for shipping next week?  thanks!
these will be nice to work with, as i will be tailoring a new set of shirts about new years.
i too am looking forward to these collar lifts!  however, i have not seen a survey yet or did i fill one out?
well done sherif!  i am looking forward to a nicely placed collar.
congrats, can't wait to see what they are like :-)
congratulations sherif! glad we could be a part of your dapper invention. ;)
woo! congrats sherif!
hi link, i am too!!! sherif ;)
final hour! i'm excited!
yes josh.  you'll have quick sizing ease and adjustability.  and no more worries about your fingers or nails.  3 more days till the finish line! have a very good day. sherif
three more days! i'm excited, i've owned some adjustable brass collar stays from another company for a long time and i hate adjusting them because the hinge they're on is so stiff it hurts my fingers to swivel it. i usually wind up having to get it out about a quarter of the way and then use a counter or sink to leverage the rest of the movement so as to save my fingers and nails. this looks like it'll be much easier on my hands.
i really like this project.  i recently, about 3 months ago, realized that there were metal stays available. though, even as much as i like them, i still have to sort through the sizes to find the one i want.  glad i found your project, and especially that you passed your funding goal.
thanks howeln.  it's definitely a great opportunity to get cleverfits for your friends and family at a very low price point.  and it helps me tremendously with my production goals. sherif
ok, we are past the 100% mark, and your ship date in nov, i decided to get a second set as a gift.
hi andy, yes i'm very confident in november shipping.  i recently had a detailed meeting with my manufacturing partners and will release an update today. sherif
i know the estimated date is nov 2013 but do you expect any delays that may push it past christmas?  (i was hoping to use it as a gift to my father)
awesome, i can't way to get my cleverfit.
1 more pledge of atleast $41!!
hi kris, i have a us based manufacturing partner who will oversee production and quality control between here and their affiliated facilities overseas (china, singapore etc).  the plan was optimized to control cost and deliver high quality cleverfit products. sherif
will this be made in u.s.a?
thanks scott and josh!  we are definitely making it happen.  the finish line is within site.  and it is all thanks to you and the wonderful backers on the cleverfit team who are helping to guarantee our success. sherif
raised my pledge from $30 to $45 a littler over a week ago, i'm a sucker for special editions.
i am extremely excited to see this project finished. less than $2,000 left. i just doubled my pledge, and i hope others raise their pledge just a bit. if every backer raised there pledge by $2-3 we would reach the goal right there.
just gotta say thank you to the large backer. definately within reach now. can't wait to reach the goal and get mine. thanks again
hi andrew, cleverfit's width is fixed to approximately 7.95mm...precisely to ensure easy insertion and removal from shirt collars.  they will work perfectly with the size ranges you listed.  the critical component for maintaining a structured, crisp and attractive collar is the adjustability of length.  and this among other factors is what makes cleverfit the ultimate solution for all of your dress shirts.  and thanks for the vote of confidence...we are within striking distance of the 100% funding goal ;)  thanks to your help and backing. have a great night. sherif
hi there, this is a great idea and i can't wait to get rid of the pile in my drawer! but it occurred to me that i have multiple widths as well as lengths. after some measuring, i found sizes around 9.1-9.5 and 12-13mm, so are there going to be different width adjustable stays, or are they all the same size? thanks, and good luck on smashing the goal, looks very close!
happy to help jh.  have a good day. sherif
great.  thanks for the response--hadn't seen it in the faqs until just now.
hi jh, gryphonent's question was a good one.  so i actually added the response to the faqs a week or so back.  if you get a chance take a look and let me know if this helps answer your question. best, sherif
hi josh, i actually submitted to uncrate a few days ago along with several other international fashion blogs.  most do not provide a contact number but require you to use a general e-mail submission form.  i was told there is a bit of a queue to wait in before review.  i've been surprised by how many have responded positively in the last couple of weeks.  i was contacted by 5 more this week who would like to cover the cleverfit story.  visibility is picking up quickly...i was on a blog radio show last night and a magazine interview last monday. we are on our way and i actually expect things to start accelerating over the next few days.  thanks for taking time out of your day to give me this great feedback.  i am always open to your helpful suggestions. and no worries on the misspelling ;) sherif
i am interested as well in gryphonent's concern about security issues at airports and metal detectors.  please respond to his question.
apologies for the misspelling of your name.
mr. zacki, have you thought of contacting the folks over at uncrate.com to get your kickstarter campaign advertised on their website? they've pointed me to more than a few interesting fashion products in the past that i would have never known about otherwise. they update daily and if they like your product you'll be splashed over their front page with photographs and a link to the campaign page and/or your personal website.
thanks yilmaz.  welcome to the cleverfit team.
this is just great - didn't hesitate to pre-order one for a second
thanks scott.  we are on our way.  and i definitely welcome my friends from the uk and around the world to help launch cleverfit, the world's greatest collar stay.  so we can all save time and look great! sherif
good luck sherif, we may just do it! i am trying to get some more backers for you from the uk!
hi mark, cleverfit will definitely keep your collars crisp and structured.  i will reach out to the military supply stores as a part of my retail strategy.  thanks for the great feedback and for being on my team. sherif
this looks like it could really assist in keeping my uniforms in a neat and squared away appearance, as a marine its important i always look professional as i get a lot of wear out of my shirts and they don't always hold up as i like.  have given any thought to getting your product into any military uniform store such as the marine corps exchange? i think it could be helpful to your business. sincerely, mark
hi josh, i will use a chrome/silver sharpie permanent marker to autograph the cases.  so hopefully they will last like other sharpie's for a long long time ;)  the cleverfits and case are manufactured to very high standards to ensure years and years and years of excellent use.  warranties will be in line with those offered by parallel fashion accessories in the men's wardrobe category.  those elements will become more clear when we have advanced to the actual production stage.  customer satisfaction is the central element of the cleverfit plan.  and i have the utmost confidence that cleverfit will make millions of collared shirt wearers very happy. thanks for the great questions! sherif
what will you be using to sign the cases? it would be a shame to have the signature wear away after a lengthy amount of daily handling. will there be any type of warranty offered on the cleverfit or its case?
thanks again josh.  together we're making it happen! best, sherif
mr. zaki,    it’s fantastic that you’re in direct personal contact with the backers however typically we see a more active presence in the comments section from the creators themselves. this serves two functions; it lets the backers know that you’re engaged and open to their suggestions and any answers you offer in the comments section reduces the number of personal emails you may have to respond to regarding the same subject matter over and over (packaging, interaction with security devices, durability, etc.). here’s hoping this project goes the distance and i hope you have a fantastic adventure with your first kickstarter.
hi josh, last update was posted on 8/24/13 (8 days ago)...new progress update coming very soon. also, don't hesitate to contact me with any questions...i have been interacting directly with backers on a daily basis.  it's my first campaign and i am thrilled to talk about cleverfit with everyone at any time ;) thanks for being on my team and have a great week! sherif cleverfit inventor
more than two weeks without a single comment from the creator? hmm...
can you confirm that i can use these on my shirt when going through security at the airport? it would be a real hassle if you'd have to remove them for checking or worse, leave them behind (if considered a 'weapon'). given that these are made out of stainless steel i'm  a bit worried.
thanks for such a lovely project, i wish i had these years ago!
hi there, kickstarter is not a store, they like to suspend projects that have pledges of x times the product. and i would hate to see your project suspended. see http://www.kickstarter.com/help/guidelines eg under "what is not allowed": "projects cannot offer rewards in bulk quantities (more than 10)."
just got word from the creator himself, that cleverfits are made from highly polished stainless steel. that info is also added to the faq page :)
linh hua has an important question and should be attended to. i also would like to know what's its made of. please try to keep you communication active with us backers in this comment section. thanks!
@hkg you can just select "shipping within the us" and add $7 for shipping international
@hkg you can just select "shipping within the us" and add $7 for shipping international
hi sherif -like the idea. however, kickstarter does not accept a 37usd pledge, it requires a usd45.... any idea how we can fix this?
great product! i am not sure if i missed it, but what are these made of? i backed it anyways and hope that it will get funded.
the shipping is kind of steep to canada so i opted for the free shipping and will ship it to my parents and have them ship it to cananda for me.
kindly let me know how much is shipping to canada so i can edit my pledge. thanks
