@erhan, i've asked oculus' support literally the same question 5 months ago: how a small startup managed to ship the boxes with dk1 to all countries and 100 billions+ corporation facebook failed to do this? know what i got in response? a canned bs reply "please wait. we'll inform you when we'll be ready". and now when palmer left oculus/facebook we have nobody to appellate to. please make this to reddit somebody.
dear oculus founders, at least give us ( we being the ones living outside of that 20 countries) an update on our gifts. i honestly don't understand how we were able to receive our kits in almost all countries for the campaign but not the gifts? some comment would be appreciated. thanks.
so, are we officially dumped?
oculus' founder palmer luckey left facebook. and i'm not surprised, given such a shitty attitude to backers and customers i can imagine what's boiling inside the facebook.
well, a year is passed and still no shipping of kickstarter edition to all the backers living outside of the 20 select countries. a 100+ billion company facebook failed to do the thing which a small early oculus team managed to do - ship darn boxes. so, are we officially dumped?
i recommend to everybody who has cv1 and alienware x51 update the firmware on the graphics drivers and the occulus rift.set every thing up and make sure to get a mini display port to hdmi adaptor. i have my computer hooked up through with hdmi 2.0 to the tv and mini display to hdmi for the rift cv1. it works perefect. figured this might help someone.
you guys at occulus are the best thank you for the occulus cv1. i absolutely love this headset. thank you for really going the extra mile with kickstarter. it was very nice to get the complete product. this was the best kickstarter campaign i have ever backed really looking forward to the future with the motion controller and extra sensors. i can't wait until you release a wireless self contained headset. good job guys this headset is absolutely amazing thank you again for taking care of us kickstarter backers we really appreciate it. jared becker
@charles: a bit late, but the 0.5.0.1 sdk does include a "driver" (ovrd) for the ck2. you might run into some issues sooner or later, that have never been resolved, but it does work. unfortunately, there's no source for that one. i tried adding the cv1 to it, so i could make some use out of it, but no success so far - which i can live with, because i'm done with this company anyway. peace.
the update was that we don't have a place in line, and they didn't bother telling us this before orders started.
do we have an update on our place in line for touch?
its starting.. facebook login adds real-name policy, auto-updated friends list to oculus http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2016/09/facebook-login-adds-real-name-policy-auto-updated-friends-list-to-oculus/
dudes, still waiting on my oculus. would love an update?
well, i've got my useless bricks from oculus. a dk1 that i haven't been able to use in a few years because the linux software broke and updates dried up. a dk2 that i can't use because the only linux driver builds don't support it. a ck1 that i can't use because there's no driver. i'm profoundly disappointed and angry. the campaign made clear promises for linux support, and rather than advancing it, they've been retracted. hell, i don't think i even got the copy of doom 3 bfg my tier allegedly included.
hope oculus team, don't forget the originals bakers who dont have the luck to live in the first 20 countries. live in argentina, so i'm waiting.
thanks!!
thanks oculus
got it! really nice packaging, and design! unfortunately, i couldn't get it to work because of the need for special drivers and supported cards. lost 3 hours because the thing silently crashes instead of reporting an incompatible configuration (nvidia optimus).
reveived here too, they are awesome! thanks again oculus!
received it at uk address used instead of cr one - so because of the address update i was probably among the latest ones - except of course the "non-shippable" countries
just received it. :d
i've now got a shipping notification and a tracking number. eta for uk is by end of day 20th may. not long now... :)
got an email yesterday saying it will ship shortly. didnt get the tracking number yet, but it seems to be on its way :d denmark here. thanks oculus!
mine is actually shipping now!  i have an actual tracking number.  thanks oculus!
another your rift is on it's way e-mail here. so no shipping notification yet, but they are promising this week for that.
just go my order processed email this morning (australia).  finally some movement!
processing mail received a couple of hours ago. :) it'll be interesting to see if there are any more unexpected hold-ups in the process, it's not been the smoothest so far.
australia backer, just got an "order processed" email. woohoo!!
well, they haven't met the middle of may (the latest of their own self-imposed deadlines) here. no rift, no email, no further information on what is happening.
yea, i heard back from support stating rifts are going through customs. eu backer btw.
well, i told you they get all the rifts out there. just received "your rift is on its way" email. :) thanks oculus!
i'm never too sure of anything with oculus -- they've changed their stories multiple times. they could decide tomorrow that any kickstarter people who haven't received their rifts yet miss out and we'd have no recourse, given that it was a gift in the first place.
i wouldn't worry about not receiving it at all. i'm sure they are working on getting all the kickstarter rifts out there. it just might take longer than expected.
i was so thrilled to learn that i would be getting a latest model rift for being one of the original backers -- now im feeling disappointment that nothing has arrived :( do i have to buy it to receive it ? (in australia here.)
(no change, still pre-order status) i don't mind not receiving cv "first" but not receiving it at least the last quite sucks. i hope they at least send a message that the delivery is "over" so that i can get it out of mind.
backer from austria here, still no update either. i hope they can keep their word on shipping it until mid may, but since this is already in a few days i kinda doubt it. :(
hey oculus ... it's the 10th of may - you stated on reddit that "we’re on track to ship out the vast majority of the remaining kickstarter rifts at the end of april with a small number shipping in the first couple weeks in may". so i understand there is still 4 days to meet this commitment, but according to the google spreadsheet no one in australia has even been updated on the status of their kickstarter order yet, let alone receive it.  can you provide us with an update please as there seems to be some issue here.
got order update. has been processed. 'shipping confirmation email with tracking soon.'
received my rift in vancouver today!
thing is being in the dark isn't okay... them changing their mind on shipping kickstarter rifts first is a decision they can choose to make. not the best decision from a pr standpoint but one that is within their rights and ability to make. but not sending out a single email to kickstarter backers for two months is damn poor, it doesn't take much effort to type something up just to let people know that they are remembered. also, i would have bought a rift (and had the money set aside) if they hadn't done the free rift promotion. so while i am grateful i am really put off by this being the third time in a row that they have done this. i was quite vocal in my disdain of the people whining during launch week and stand behind my statements (the people complaining about not getting a rift day one had no idea that it would turn out this bad and there was no evidence that it would) not even that angry, just super disappointed. actually a fair bit frustrated that they don't believe the kick starters are worth a simple mass email saying "we remember you exist" two bloody months. it is amusing, been a part of kickstarters that have been delayed, have had slow communications and have put over $1k into them and never gotten as irritated as i have with this. the lack of respect is a problem both within the fanbase and from oculus themselves :(
dear oculus team. heard the rifts will be shipping to your backers in may. many of us will be away because of the summer holidays. personally i will be on vacation for 3 weeks. it would be disastrous and i would be disappointed if my rift was delivered and returned. i will have to try and arrange an alternative address in the meantime.
@tasty agreed...getting a cv1 is completely unexpected and while the delays and communication aren't great i'm still getting a free rift at the end of the day. but as per the reddit post below things should start moving soon, i received my "your order has been processed and your rift is almost on its way!" mail last night.
while i'd like to know when my cv1 is coming i can't justify being upset about being in the dark. it's a free rift that i wasn't expecting, buying it would have cost me over $1000aud. i'm surprised they're not shipping to all the paying customers first, then to us.
?
i just don't understand this "top secret" approach dating back to this kickstarter origin. why could not they said that the rule is "order according to the time of survey completion" right at the beginning? (and release it through the kickstarter channels) it would save them a lot of support staff forces and our nerves. is it run by some sadist?
let's wait for the update of the shipping to argentina :)
@ali: thanks so much for posting this, dude. finally we have some information. although i think they could have updated the kickstarter page with this instead of posting it on reddit, but whatever. i'm just glad we now know when to expect our rifts.
from https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/4ff3zc/osa_oculus_rift_kickstarter_shipping_status/ "hello oculus rift kickstarter backers! we are making progress on getting your free kickstarter oculus rifts out to you. we’re on track to ship out the vast majority of the remaining kickstarter rifts at the end of april with a small number shipping in the first couple weeks in may. please note that we’re shipping these specific rifts in the order, by region, in which the kickstarter surveys were completed. thank you so much for your patience."
look like oculus abandoned us
uk backer here, same position, no idea when shipping will begin. we were told that kickstarter units would ship first, and although maybe 10 did it's now all muddled together with preorders and no one really seems to know when their device will get shipped. i'd love to know what the statement about kickstarter orders shipping from a different allocation is supposed to mean.  oculus if you're actually reading any of this i think we really would all love to have even the slightest idea what's happening even if it's to say the kickstarter orders have been held back another month and it's going to take three months to fulfil them all.
backer #7529, estimated shipdate tbd,  tracking tba. i'm thinking its gonna be a while yet.
@henri clinch: there is nothing odd about the data collection policies and privacy policy toa heck the vive has the same damn issues, so does steam, origin and even google. people for the most part just care because it is facebook, and the nebulous shoggoth is to be feared i guess?
backer #597 and shipping date still tbd. @oculus: may i know when to expect my rift. would it take longer, i will wait for the pascal generation of gpus from nv. please provide me with a shipping date. i was thinking we first hour backers receive our cv first... grettinx
my order simply vanished from the page, starting to be very worried.. :(
@procrash: end of june? you have to wait two and a half more months even though you are a kickstarter backer? kinda sad. i have not even get a date yet, so i'm worrying that i have to wait at least that long as well. it's really strange, some ks backers got it on day 1, some still have no information, i really don't know in which order they queue the backers.
hm. i have the date but i'm not marked tbd. what does this mean now? on reddit they claim that the estimated shipping date is not applicable for kickstarters as the units are taken from a different source. so what's true now? do we get the units earlier or later than the given estimated delivery date or is the delivery date applicable?
backer #1,384 order still marked tbd. wamp waaa...
by the wy im kickstarter backer nr 23xx
my shipping date has updated. estimated delivery 06/20/2016 - 06/30/2016 what about the others?
aussie here chiming in - nothing yet. eagerly waiting.... i see on reddit some regular pre-orders are getting theirs but no ks backers yet.
got my oculus rift and now up & running! awesome just isn't enough! great software, got running in less than 15 minutes!!! avoided the t. rex and up in elite dangerous, this is revolutionary!
update to my situation (i never got any confirmation mail whatsoever): it turned out that my mail server discarded mails due to the sender being on an rbl. if anyone else had a similar experience (no preorder confirmation, no status update mail, etc.), you could try to contact your hoster to whitelist support@oculus.com (or do it yourself if you have access to your mail server). my rift hasn't been shipped yet, but at least i can now see that there actually is a preorder in place. yay  :d
major disappointment that privacy concerns from a few years back are now being realized. opt-in data tracking for performance improvement should be the beginning and end of data collection.
any aussies kickstarters got there rifts.
i've had my oculus rift cv1 for a week now and wanted to thank palmer and everyone at oculus for the consumer unit.  we have consumer vr that is popular enough to have innovative software and an environment where a whole industry is forming.  the images are so good i want to touch it (can't wait to have touch controllers).  congratulations.
@all if you got any information regarding your order's status, please enter yourself in this sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kludfhkdvurslh9a0dvjbzhvzelgwmlrahutz2la43y someone on reddit made it and i think this could give a clue when your order could be shipped. you can use the link in the first cell to enter yourself. :) i hope they can speed up the shipping :d
to the people who have already received their rifts: did you get an email when the order shipped? or did you just look up your order history? just curious if i have to check the order every day, or if i will get an email anyway as soon as it is shipping.
ks backer #793 from germany and i have no shipping status, but to tell the truth i don't care. even though they are not giving out a lot of info it's still a gift for us kickstarters. we already got the product we have been expecting. i ask to to give them a break as it seems the rollout isn't working as expected. the higher the demand the better it will be in the end vor vr as a whole. i got the mail from 03.15 that confirmed my preorder though. if you lack that one you should contact them and just have some patience for their reaction. i guess they are being flooded with questions right now.
so, i just now learned of the offer for the consumer version for backers. . . and i missed it. sad, sad day. why the random february 1st deadline?
update: ks backer #1,384 launch +7 days still no shipping status... i guess they are not going in ks backer order. it hurts to watch all these people get and show off their new rifts... knowing we have been waiting and supporting since the start. i hope i get mine soon or i'm not going to wait patiently until i do.
i am getting my oculus rift today (#5xxx) and i have the redemption code for the eve: valkyrie founder’s pack, but still no oculus ready pc discount codes yet from the order status site.  did anyone get those?  just want to know if i should wait or ask support for help.  thanks!
eu ks #6xxx status shipped on friday. no tracking no yet. but things are moving along it seems like :)
@katrina wawrzynczak thanks a lot for the info, exactly what i wanted to know. yea, that's what i assumed and hoped. :p like you say, it'll suddenly be at my doorstep one lucky day hopefully x) thanks ahain for answering! ouo
i have the backer number #1675 and am from germany. i still got no message that i am in a queue or that something was shipped. should i worry? there was a survey which i answered asking if my shipping adress is still right, which i answered. but shortly after that i got the same question, even so i answered the first. maybe my answer was not registered correctly. in the survey overview i can only see two surveys, the original and the one from january asking if i want the consumer edition for free. do the others see another survey?
i submitted the survey when the mail was sent a while ago, but haven't heard back from oculus since. just checked my account page and there's no sign of an order. i'm in no rush to get it, but it would be nice if anyone could look into it so i'll be able to get my rift eventually.
came here to see where i fall within the shipping list. as long as i haven't been forgotten, i can wait. i've been waiting since the 90s for vr to take off. oculus has done us "a solid" by doing the right thing by us, even though technically they were under no contractual obligation. most companies these days would not have. this bodes well for oculus as a company going forward, that they recognize the importance of goodwill. fyi: i am #4,821 among this most excellent group of visionary people  :)
@xskychainx - as far as i recall there were no other details to fill out, (though i did get a message asking me to double-check if the details were actually correct). however, the order number and tracking details are apparently emailed. assuming you correctly updated your address it probably won't matter, and it'll arrive eventually, but you won't get the tracking number or any means of checking on the status of your 'order'.  (it shows up in their system as a 'pre-order' with a really weird set of payment details by the way. kinda hilarious in some ways. xd)
hey fellow kickstarter backers. i had an old email-adress linked to my account, so i don't know if i've gotten an order conf etc. i've answered the survey, but wonder if there was anything that came in mail, that i should've answered or required me to do something more than the survey? just a bit worried that i've missed a step.. :p thanks in advance!
i'm patient enough to wait, however long it takes. but for those of you curious about such things... i had kickstarter number #5000 (yes, exactly 5000. xd) and i got a confirmation of 'pre-order' on the 16th of march, but have not yet seen a shipping confirmation and definitely haven't recieved anything yet. i was originally in the uk when i backed, but am now in australia. anyway, i don't mind. it'll show up eventually. though i expect shipping will be like, a month even after it's confirmed as being shipped. it'd be nice to know if there's any logic or priority to it. but i don't really mind. not like i have a computer that meets the minimum spec, and i can't afford to upgrade for about a year or two... so... -shrug- patience is a virtue, they say. xd
don't worry paul. we'll get it sooner or later. i'm excited as well and i check my email every day. i'm sure it's not more than a month or two to wait for us. i'm in the lucky position that i kept my dk2 so i can play all the titles already despite eve valkyrie. @armando castaneda: was there a redeem code in the package or was it already in your oculus home app list (eve valkyrie). just asking because i have just had luckys tale in my app list. i would have to pay for eve if i want to play it before i receive my cv1.
don't want to sound ungrateful as even though we the backers paid some of our hard earned money to back oculus and its vision for vr and we didn't expect a cv1 in return. however what we do expect is the courtesy to keep us and your paying customers informed as to what the hell is going on?? personally i've had no information from oculus to say what month to expect the rift, i have no idea if due tomorrow or next year??? all i've got to go on is some people have received something, and the majority not. please let your customers/backers past and present know what is happening!
kickstarter backer in the us in the 4xx range. got my rift today and it is incredible! eve valkerye is a lot of fun and even with all of the 360 degree action, i don't feel at all queasy like with with the dk1. the basic demo app blew my mind, the t-rex was neat, i felt a little vertigo when i looked over the ledge of a building (that was a good thing as it was so real), and i laughed when i turned around and saw palmer on a billboard. i'm about to purchase adr1ft and try that out. i'm so glad i backed this project and i'm truly excited that vr has arrived!
btw: us backer, from the "birthplace of vr" irvine, ca. (can we refer to irvine, ca as such?palmer lucky started it all here in irvine... haha)
because i want other to share as well... ks backer #1,384 - confirmation of order received (3/15/16) - status still not shipped (no tracking #) personal note: i've waited since august 1, 2012 for this day (1338 days or 3 years, 7 months, 30 days)... i am willing to wait another few days. i guess i've learned to temper my anxiety. also, i need to thank oculus for so humbly providing rifts to the people who were willing to put their money where their dreams were.
just for the sake: german baker, ks backer nr. 23xx. status still not shipped.
thanks don, here to ask just that :)  uk backer, ks #77xx, order number 613000071656xx (also not shipped / no tracking number on the oculus site just yet)
mine hasn't shipped yet. so if you think you're the only one, don't worry. #54xx
could you guys who received the shipping mail already do me a favor and tell me if you're from the us or from europe? i'd like to get an impression to whom the units were send out first and when i could expect mine. a backer nr would be good to have as well...
i understand that oculus is sending first to some magazines to make some reviews and tests on the rift. the question is will be all the kickstarter rifts be shipped before they start shipping the preorders.  "kickstarter units will start arriving today, and the first pre-ordered rifts will start shipping mid-week and arrive soon after" this means that all the kickstarter rifts will be shipped until mid of this week ?  when i check order history i dont get an approximate date of shipping and  the weird information like i placed the order on 15.3. every hour i check my mails in hope to get some info but nothing so far. i hope this frustration will end soon and we all get at least some more concrete information on what is going on. i think this should be possible for a  company like oculus. i thank you very very much about the generous gift of the cv1 but if some of us have to wait for some month please let us know.
i am backer #1,000 and mine still hasn't shipped! what's going on? people can get theirs from ebay scalpers before i can get mine. i was so excited i was losing sleep the days coming up to the launch. i had an interview with the huffington post set up, and one of my relatives is coming from the states in a few days and i wanted to show him adr1ft cause he is an astrophysicist for nasa. the interview is cancelled cause they found someone who actually got theirs, and i doubt the rift will get here in time for my relative to try it
"i should just suck it up right" - yes. it's a bonus... i was thrilled when i heard what oculus was doing, i had not expected it and was ready to pre-order when i heard that we would be getting free ones.  i immediately did my part and followed the instructions.. for those that didn't... sorry... but they are doing an amazing thing by giving out products for free to people who haven't paid for them. sure we supported them but we got our original devkits that we paid for.. i don't expect samsung to automatically give me a galaxy s7 just because i bought their s6... it's like calling the lottery corporation jerks for giving away free money to other people when you didn't even buy a ticket.
@sam baker sure sam and let me guess...... your getting your free gift right? so easy to make a comment like this when you getting the gift. just think how you would feel if you missed out. i was almost in a coma so sick. by your comment, i should just suck it up right? take responsibility for almost dieing..... there are some instances where blame cannot be placed. sh$t happens. enjoy your free gift.
@aaron hibberd dude, come on. they didn't have to give you, or anyone, a free rift. you (and everybody else complaining here) had a whole month to answer that survey, and when you consider the multiple emails that got sent out, mass media coverage, mass social network coverage... is it really their fault that you missed it? yeah, it sucks, and i'd be mega upset if i missed it too, but acting entitled and brattish on their own kickstarter page isn't going to help anything. because as harsh a reality it is, it's nobody's fault but your own. take some responsibility.
the people at oculus are jerks, if you missed the survey you won't get one even though they promised it, they won't help you, they couldn't care less :/
just received my tracking info, delivery set for friday by end of day.  excited!
got it! delivered today, hopefully have time to play with it tonight. it feels much lighter than the first version.
us backer order. it was processed a couple weeks ago but still no tracking number. i see almost zero buzz on twitter or the forums. guessing they have really slipped off their date.
and shipped :) good luck to everyone else waiting! looks like they're doing another batch today.
just confirming: us backer here, didn't get any ship notification yet. trying to be patient and refreshing a lot. :)
ah ok. im from europe. therefore i estimate that shipping will even take a little bit longer. as far as i've heard it was that they have to do customs and i assume they will ship from the uk to european countries.
@procrash, i'm a us backer, east coast. looks like my shipping time is going to be 3 business days.
@sascha krohn: i received a confirmation with order information that i'm queued in. nothing else. shipping is not confirmed yet.
hi jacobo, that's good to hear. probably others can post as well as soon as their tracking is confirmed so that we get an idea how quick units are getting out for shipping. i'm so excited but not too confident that the units will probably arrive during my holidays. where are you from by the way? are you an us backer or are you from europe?
you guys received emails about the drift shipping? i didnt receive any... maybe in spam? did you receive any notifications on kickstarter at all?
looks like my unit has shipped via ups. i'm backer #346 if that helps.
hi, i'm backer nr. 2.388, confirmation received that i'm in the queue but no shipping notice. anyone else here who has already a shipping confirmation?
so are the free cv1s to backers are going out first in the queue then? i wasn't sure if they would go before the pre-orders or after.. i got my email confirmation that one had been ordered for me just on friday but no shipping notification. hope it comes soon.
i didn't see any notice of the survey  can i still get my free unit??
@hannes my free oculus has just shipped (to us)
any idea when the kickstarter editions are going out ? i did not get any message yet, i was hoping for an early queue.
just got tracking number! that is good surprise as eta is june
same here, ups tracking number is in the order. this is going to be a long wait :)
just got my shipping notification email and tracking number.
noticed the status of my order is now shipped but no tracking number yet. though the estimated delivery date is still july 2016. not sure if i should start getting excited or not yet.
hello, is there any information where to check the time the rift will be shipped? i filled the formular oculus sended through kickstarter on the same day i recieved  but now im worried that it will take another couple of months until i finally can dive into it. my order is 613000071xxxxxx and if the numbers have anything to do with the shipping date this wil be pretty late. i found on reddit different statements about the number and the correlation to the eta but maybe  thats only guessing by other excited buyers of the preorder. i'm from germany and maybe that has something to do with the number and not the date. on some news site there is the the info that early preorders + the initial kickstarter backers will recieve the rift first but i cant find some confirmed information from oculus. on the order history i cant see any date and as you can imagine im so excited and curious. can someone please point me in the right direction ?
did any of you guys get an update? are the kickstarter edition oculus sets shipping already? saw news on engadget about it, but i didnt get any updates... did you guys?
i didn't see any notice of the promo and it's part the noted date. can my team still get our free unit??
anyone got a email saying that they have processed the order? the email said: "hi anthonny, your order has been processed and your rift is almost on its way! look for a shipping confirmation email with tracking information soon." but when i open the order detail it put eta on july: "*expected ship date: july 2016. limit 1 per customer"
i missed the survey to get a rift, and oculus support does not care at all
it have a order id like normal order via oculus store (with link for tracking), so i assume if you need ti change anything you can quote your "new" order number to store support. and for those that missed the deadline i think it is fair that oculus keep a straight stance of saying no.... it is called a deadline (you are dead if you cross it - if you take it lietrally). not saying that it is good customer service but i might do the same as it is hell to manage exceptions.....
i just got an new order confirmation from oculus store (with value of $0). it seems if you managed to register for a free oculus rift on time you get all the preorder perks like reservation for touch and discount for oculus ready pc. it still say preparing order, so i am not sure when it will be shipped to us (as if i order now in store it is a long wait for shipping)
is there an eta on when these will be sent out?  i did update my address in time, back in january, but it's now almost half way through march and i'm moving to a new address in a few weeks.  will we at least receive a shipment confirmation so we can put it on hold or reroute the shipment?
are you supposed to get a response when answering the final address and phone number confirmation? because on one hand i recall doing it, but on the other hand i don't have an email stating i submitted it.
for those of you that missed the deadline you are sol. i was ill almost dead and missed the deadline. i have been up and down and sideways all over this with support. oculus will not under any circumstances do anything for any of us that missed the deadline. they simply don't care what the reason is and have decided on this policy that apparently cannot be changed or the virtual world will cease to exist or something to that effect. it was a great and generous offer by oculus that has been tainted by their lack of compassion for those poor souls that missed the deadline for whatever the reason. i am sick all over again with grief this time as i am not in a situation where i can afford the new price of the rift. i just find this unwillingness to budge unnecessary and cruel punishment by oculus. i bet they remove my comment. i just cant believe this or accept that oculus would do this.
did anyone else fail to respond to the final address and phone number confirmation?  was anyone able to help?  i am moving and didn't have internet until today.  i just saw the email!
hello, i'm a backer of the original oculus rift. i've missed the survey submission. is there a chance i can still get my rift? :(
hi. i'm a backer of the original oculus rift, i was sick and missed the deadline. any chance i can somehow claim the consumer rift as a gift right now even after the deadline ? thanks in advance paul gunn.
i need to update
i need to update
i need to update  hi, i need update shipping address
why do i keep getting messages from ks that oculus needs me to update my info, but the links are broken?
hi. i'm a backer of the original oculus rift, but although i somehow got to know that every backer gets the consumer rift for free, i did not know that i had to claim the gift nor did i every receive a survey.... any chance i can somehow claim the consumer rift as a gift right now even after the deadline ?   thanks in advance ! franz
i need to update
quinn, the update state this: the vat field is for your vat #, not your vat rate. if you do not have a vat # you may leave this field blank. meaning you leave it blank if you haven't registered a vat number, which is mostly for business.
i need to update i don't get any answers to my messages so i try it hear once more. i think i have forgotten to add the vat which is 20% in my country. also, i live in austria, so it should be a shipable country by now, do i have to change that? or do i get it now anyway? where can i see when it will be shipped?
i need to update
can kickstarter backers get a code for a oculus ready pc discount? i know regular preorders get a code but i don't know where to get one for us backers.
any chance us backers that just gave money and didn't get a dev kit could get a discount or something?
seen the latest update, i've put the vat percentage of my country in the vat box, when i should have left it blank, as i don't have a vat number. do i need to update my survey ?
i'm very impressed with your decision to thank the backers, much appreciated!
i can't get an effective reply from oculus support to change my mailing address via oculus support email.  i was overjoyed, but now exasperated dealing with some kind of dysfunctional big corporation support nightmare, and appears i will not receive my rift :( any suggestions how to get support from oculus?
maybe try sending them a msg....here probably isn't the best place for direct communication.
i need to update
i need to update
i need to update
i need to update i can't change survey response from "i do not live in the shippable countries, but would like to wait and see if that changes. " to "i live in the shippable countries, send me an oculus rift!" i tried several times, but always the e-mail response tells me that the answer is still "i do not live in the shippable countries, ". there must be a bug in survey system.
how can i tell if i need to update?????????
i need to update
hi guys, if you are interest try oculus on full power, check this game: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/dreadlocks/ghost-theory the game is developed from the start with oculus rift in mind, and every aspect of the game is engineered towards providing the most immersive experience. the user interface, inventory, and overall visual feedback all emerge from the game world itself, ensuring that nothing ever reminds you’re in a videogame. of course, the game will also be perfectly playable without a vr headset.
if updating fails, don't plug the dash into a charger for updating. after placing the update file on your dash and you disconnect it from your computer, the advice was to connect it to a charger and let it update. that did not work for me, but leaving it unconnected did work! just a tip.
i need to update
depending on when this ships, my address may be out of date as i'll be moving early june
i need to update
i need to update
i need to update
great, i don't know which address i'm going to be at by the time shipping starts, need a way to update info much closer to shipping time.
for those who say they didn't get a survey email... can't you just go to your "backed projects" in your profile and select at the survey section?
yes!! shipping to switzerland! you guys rock!
i also didn't received the survey email as a backer (pledge usd 330).
oculus team, as an earlier backer i have not yet received my survey email to claim oculus rift. have not received any response from kickstarter or oculus team on my survey email status thanks vijay
@econik they are shipped on march 28th, not received.
@bernd: it will be shipped from inside the eu so customs should not be an issue.
@oculus: can you estimate, when we european dk1 backers will receive the cv1 rift? i am asking because of planned travels abroad on my side. please mark shipment as gift, so it is not that severe, if i shouldn't be present to fetch it from customs..
they've said that we have a spot reserved in line for the touch controllers. so, presumably it means we won't get a touch.
will the kickstarter rifts come with a motion controller or do we still have to buy them separately?
blown away...big thank you guys! cant wait to show cv1 to friends.
really awesome move— thank you!
thank you guys so much! you have shown how much facebook has put you in a great position to develop an awesome product and have little constraints on the finances.  giving these away to backers and practically selling the cv1's at cost is amazing. thank you for all your hard work.
hey oculus team, really nice gesture to your original backers - appreciate it. one thing i don't understand though.  why didn't you guys build more units? surely you couldn't have burned through all the facebook money already? if you had built more units, it would have driven the cost per unit way down.  even a million units at 600 apiece is nowhere near 2 billion dollars, and i'm sure the cost per unit would have been nowhere near 600. i thought your goal was widespread adoption of vr.  all this is going to do is make it easier for ebay gougers and your competition to either eat you alive or jack the price of vr adoption as a new technology even higher.
that's pretty awesome of oculus! kicking myself for doing a small pledge and getting the rift after the fact! if only this was a little while ago when the cdn was stronger, $914 all in hurts a lot.
i'm out of shipping countries list, so .. have to wait for my shiny new oculus rift cv1,  but anyway... the wait will be also great, for dk1 i had waited for almost an year. btw, what's in the bag... just curious
wow, what an amazing offer! shipping to austria would be awesome though (and could probably be handled directly by the german distributor)
so those of us who get the kickstarter version, do we receive ours earlier or is it march 28th as well?
blown away by the news =)      feliz dia de reyes a todos los oculus fans!
great things are going to happen! thank you oculus
just a questions on the gifted rifts, will we be contacted about shipping costs at a latter date or is this also part of the gift?
you guys rock!! to the oculus team all i have to say is a big thank you not only for your commitment in venture to an exciting new vr opportunity for the average joe but also because with this gesture you make us really believe we are a part of something big and you do not forget the ones who gave your initial support, a generous gesture indeed! now like probably a couple of other people who live in european countries, i live in portugal and that is just next to spain, a country you mentioned you can send the rift gift.. i was wondering if you can not ship to portugal??or have an idea of the timetable, or do i really need to go across the border although still in europe to get a spanish address??
i am with @tipsyone not a dev but advised via updates and such not a good idea to choose the dev version perk and to wait for consumer release so i backed to keep up with updates. would be cool if we to could also be included. maybe a special heavily discounted unique code for those in my category as i'm sure many of us would have backed had we known. sigh
do i addionally have to register myself for the order on the oculus website or is it enough to fill out the kickstarter form?
now that is a kind and honourable gesture, thank you.
please oculus, send the final version of the rift to austrian backers as well. we're right next to germany and italy. :(
ok, good to go!! thank you for your order your oculus rift is expected to ship in march 2016. we sent an order confirmation email to:  reserve your space in line for oculus touch. yes, reserve my spot for oculus touch
credit cars are not working, paypal worked, but when i clicked accept i get 'something went wrong. please try again.'
$599.00 !
website offline :( however code says "{"paypal":true,"expectedshipping":"march 2016"},"
wow!!! quite unbelievable wonderful surprise and a very nice gesture. being tight in cash was wondering how am i going to buy the cv. thank you! even when i backed the dk it was a hard decision on the money part, yet, i believed in oculus rift and the vision. wish you guys a great success! can't wait for the excitements that are about to come.
@michael, as a consumer/retail product it has to be certified for the country it's being sold. i'm sure more countries will follow as they stated. certification just takes time (and money).
i can not believe this, this is great! question:what do we enter in the vat field? anybody know what it should be for the netherlands? 20%?
wow, that's great from you guys! but i live in switzerland :(. is there any roadmap when the rift will be shipped to other countries?
i just want to voice my disappointement that the rift is not launching in austria. i got the dk1 and dk2 here just fine, and now you suddenly can't ship here? great.
wow, thank you guys, this is very generous! it is great to see that despite your huge success you haven't forgotten how it all started. also thank you for your great work and for kickstarting not only oculus but vr as a whole.
i'm speechless. thank you so much guys! happy new years!! i'll never forget this.
i'm so happy
i'm not normally an emotional person, but this announcement made me actually react emotionally. really cool move; i backed in the beginning, bought the dk2, and have demo'd to at least a thousand people, spurred interest in many of them who are today now waiting to make a pre order tomorrow. the acknowledgment of our efforts, both in backing and keeping such a lively community years is brilliant, and we appreciate it, so much.  i look forward to seeing the vr community grow and become as ubiquitous as smartphones.
that's an absolutely awesome gesture of goodwill and is something very much unheard of in these current times. your hard work and dedication to the cause has fueled our commonly held dreams and made it a reality. cheers to all the other backers for their contributions and congratz on your just rewards! as someone who backed at a lower tier , can't help but be a little bit jealous (haha ok alot!) but full credit to palmer, the oculus team and the supporting community. bring on the preorders!
wow so awesome!  even today i still play with dk1 and imagine all the possibilities for the future of vr.  can't wait to continue building with the official rift.  you guys rock!
this is awesome, but i'm a little bummed. non-developers were specifically advised not to pledge for the full dk1, so i only pledged at a lower tier to receive updates. will this version of the rift available for preorder to the lower-tier backers?
this is awesome!  thank you oculus!
i still cant believe it, i read this as the possibility to pay for a unique version of the rift...i still cant....huh....oculus, my sincerest thanks! "i promised myself i wouldnt cry"
this is the best news i've had in.. well, ever! thank you!!!!!!!
most companies disrespect their early adopters with high prices and incompatibilities, but oculus has really set itself apart with this move for the original backers.  you already had my respect as innovators, but now you show the company isn't all about greed.  i wish you all the best for many products yet to come.
what a generous gesture unfortunately i live in south africa is there any possibility that we could pay for the shipping and taxes ourselves?
thanks so much, made my day ?
wow guys, this is so generous!!! thanks!
thx so much,guys. you are my heroes !
thank you for this (late) christmas present! much love to the entire team, and some special lovin' to john carmack for being my hero.
oculus team you had impressed me from the beginning. time and time again, you did not just proved yourselves but also made me respect the company more. thank you for doing this. we figured this will answer the question of "how about the original backers ... do we get an updated hardware?" thank you oculus!!!!
bought a dk1 super early (hadn't even met funding goals at that point, backer ~600)... the future was looking a little motion-blurry, but was still a unique and promising experience. bought a dk2 straight away too, low persistence and increased resolution for the win... continued to be impressed, and assured the future was coming! tried the touch controllers with the cv1 in a multiplayer vr experience... mind was blown at how intuitive and natural everything was... "the future is really coming!" watching the count-down to pre-order a consumer release kit... and then this! i've never felt so appreciated for being an early adopter, what a fantastic gesture to all of your early supporters out there :) thank you so much, a class act as always :) that's really set 2016 off with a bang!
wow, team oculus, i'm speechless...thank you so much for such a generous gesture!  you guys are the greatest.
i am really impressed. amazing move oculus.
wow. here i was ready to take $500-$1000 out of my mortgage to buy a cv1 but you guys saved me from that. thanks, i really appreciate it.
awesome, thanks a lot! really impressive, classy and gracious move! i wish you all the best for the future, you deserve all good things coming your way. thanks for making a long time sci-fi dream an actual reality. super excited to see where this will go. :)
you guys are a true class act!
wow thank you!!!! glad i invested in you!!! keep it going guys!!!!!!
awesome, congrats to all you guys & gals!!! made it in time for my birthday!!!
jaw dropped - amazing surprise good work! thanks!
unfortunately i was dirt poor at the time and could only contribute five dollars, but this kind of news is amazing. i'm so happy for each of you that can take advantage of this, and so impressed by such a classy move. this kind of attitude really sets the oculus team apart from the competition, and they're competing with some pretty legendary nice-guys.
i just saw this and filled out the survey immediately. this is so awesome! just out of curiosity does anyone if you will get two of the consumer rifts if you got two dk1s from the kickstarter? either way it is awesome. oh and for vat i just put in "none" because i am in the us and didn't know what else to put.
coolness of the muchness.. respect to all.. and merry xmas.....
i can't believe you guys! thank you so much! i knew it would be a struggle to afford the consumer version this year (money is tight right now) but this has blown my mind, you have made my year complete and it is only the 5th of january! thank you! thank you!
awesome! thanks so much!
wow, team oculus, that is an amazing gesture and so much more than any of the original backers would have expected.  we were just thrilled to be along for the journey, this has made our trip even more worthwhile.  thank you, most sincerely.
god i love them!
yyyyeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!! in all seriousness i was clearly wrong years ago.  this model is better than i ever imagined the first retail product would be.  a tremendous success!
fantastic news. cheers oculus!
awesome! many heartfelt thanks for this kind and gracious gesture. it lifts my spirits big time and makes me very proud about you guys (and a little about my choice to support you back then :-)). have an amazing start tomorrow!
this is very awesome :) i just hope they remember to mark the ks editions as gift so that thous receiving it don't have to pay some hevry income taxes.
thank you for being awesome! it really means a lot to be treated as someone who helped the development of the product/company. stay classy oculus! i love you guys :-)
this just made my day. i will continue to support you once the 4k and 8k versions are out in the market. of course buying those controllers is a must. i actually wasn't sure because of the resolution whether i should buy the consumer version or not, but i suck hard at new tech and it was mostly a given to buy it anyway together with the cpu/gpu/mobo to power it. this is the best kickstarter i have been part of ever and i wish you a great succes simply for starting to roll those stones of vr.
i was so unsure at the time whether i should back or not, it was a hard decision for me because of money concerns. best decision i ever made though. thanks oculus, best gift ever!
this is incredible! thank you very much!!!
thank you once again! as a response to your generosity, i'm going to buy the top 5 paid games on my note 5 gear vr to help support the cause! question, with the oculus store on the android be the same store on the pc?  will my purchases be cross-platform if compatible?  like android apps you purchase on google's phone app store sometimes also work on android tv and tablets.
amazing! thank you!
so excited about this! you guys are awesome. by the way i live right by palo alto now (i was in wisconsin when i became a backer), i could just come pick it up :p
you were always honest since the beginning that early adopters won't be getting a final version... and then you throw out this amazing christmas/birthday present for me. i believe you guys were best santa this year. :-)
nice! best christmas surprise evr! thank you guys ;)
sadly you won't be launching here in brazil yet, still i want to wait. i'm ok paying for the shipping and taxes without a problem. by far this is the best project i've ever backend and it feels great to know i've helped you guys come this far. rock on!
i had a crappy xmas, you just erased it! thank you!
thank you for the classy move! i'll still pre-order one and give it away to a friend to share the joy of vr :)
woohoo!  thank you! you all are awesome.
my jaw is on the floor. is this reality?
thank you guys, made my night! even came a little :)
so nothing for the rest of the pledgers?
just want to leave a comment in this oh so historic day/ks, thank you palmer and the whole team at oculus so, so much! way to take care of your backers and go above and beyond for them, kudos to you all!
what a great way to say thank you! best late christmas present, ever.
just made my day, made me screech like a kid. that dk1 was worth every penny.
@procrash mine was both at the top of this site and in my inbox.
just a question, do you know when the surveys are going to get pushed out? i'm more than excited, and can't wait until tomorrow.... :-)
this is awesome!  thanks a lot guys!  you made my day!
awesome! does usa have a vat?  or do we put 0?  i don't see any info on this and it is a required field.
no way ! thank you !
you guys are awesome!!!
thank you for all your hard work and innovation throughout this project, and especially for your generosity!
thank you oculus truly appreciate this . thanks palmer for having a vision.
thank you so, so, so much! i'm so happy right now! you really made my day! good luck to the launch of the consumer rift!
cheers!
we did it. thank you for everything!
thank you!
nice one. truly appreciate it!
thank you oculus crew and (i never thought i would say this) thank you facebook crew as well! i know this part could not have been done without their backing.
omg! i'm actually shaking right now. my birthday was yesturday, so i'm going to say thanks so much for the best bday ever! truly, thank you.
classy move guys. thank you.
holy crap thank you oculus ! you guys rock ! i am so happy i backed this project. it turned out to be such a wonderful thing that will change the world.
thank you oculus! this is a great gift! now i'll make sure i'll integrate it in spark (stemca personal assistant robot kit) part of stemca inventor platform, for fully immersive telepresence applications. more details will be posted at https://twitter.com/stemcaedu
wow. this is incredibly generous. thank you guys!
thank you oculus   you guys rocked my socks
a great show of support for a great show of continuing support.  i certainly show off my free unit.  smooth move, luckey. thanks!
thanks so much!! do backers that pledged at 2 dk1 level get 2 kickstarter edition rifts?
thanks guys
thank you!
can non-dk backers pre-order the kickstarter edition?
omgomgomgomg...really?! this will sure become the best kickstarter project i'm in! thanks a lot. btw, why no hong kong? i thought it is the port you use to send these out? nope?
wow!
awesome thanks guys!
it's free like in free??!!!! it's free!!! holy shit!!! thank you!!!!
what is meant to go in the "vat" field of the survey? presumably the applicable rate of vat, e.g. 20% for the uk?
it apparently does.  (just saw the update.)  wow.  i'm flabbergasted.  you guys are amazing!  thank you so much!
yes, meant to say thanks too - was just too stunned! thanks a million!
just completered the survey. thanks oculus!!!! here the list of countries for this awesome deal: this offer is only available in the following countries where oculus rift is shipping: united states, united kingdom, australia, belgium, canada, denmark, finland, france, germany, iceland, ireland, italy, japan, netherlands, new zealand, norway, poland, spain, sweden, and taiwan.
does that survey mean what i think it means?  i'm pretty excited right now.
omg, now that is a generous token of appreciation!
yes, the 9522 would like to know...
today, we’re excited to announce that pre-orders for rift will open on oculus.com at 8am pacific time on january 6! https://www.oculus.com/en-us/blog/oculus-rift-pre-orders-to-open-on-jan-6/ woot! 48 hours :)
like robert, i'm curious what i'd need to plan for: http://www.roadtovr.com/oculus-may-have-something-in-store-for-their-2012-kickstarter-backers-as-the-consumer-rift-launches/
after all the waiting, pre-orders open january 6! will us faithful few be guaranteed a spot in line?
..um i can't help thinking that with all the money that oculus got from fb, you don't really need mine, i'm a starving artist not a ginormous multinational megacorporation like you are. i was an early backer and still feel slighted that not only did i we not get any payback of any sort from the fb acquisition, when we had already taken a risk right at the beginning - but also we didn't even get the chance to get a dk2 before everyone else.
what happened with the concept of being open ? the main reason why i supported is that you promised linux support and to be open in order to start a revolution.  after taking the money, instead of revolution i just see the same slow and boring progress of a normal large company. at the moment oculus is by far my least favorite device because you lost your innovative dna.
nice to see the rift grow up. even though i don't have time to do as much development as i first thought i would, due to becoming a happy parent, it's been a great ride to watch. i still think we should create a backers t-shirt. "i'm one of the 9,522" from one palmer to another, palmer, do you still read these comments? thanks for allowing us to help you make this happen. max
typo in previous comment: are* you deliberately trying to alienate your original user base?
so what's this talk about exclusive content? as you deliberately trying to alienate your original user base? wasn't sure if i could stomach facebook, and now this... i'm really starting to think that the vive is the way for me to go now.
as a follow-up to my comment, it appears that we did actually get an update about the q1 2016 release date, but my point still stands about the controllers.
as a backer, i find it extremely off-putting that we haven't even gotten an update about the consumer version's release window being confirmed and the unveiling of the controllers. way to leave us backers in the dark for such a grand announcement. http://www.wired.com/2015/06/facebook-officially-unveils-oculus-rift-vr-headset/
the only thing i can say about the new logo is...really?  i mean seriously, it is simply horrible.  the whole purpose of a logo is that it stands on its own. you should see it and instantly think of what it represents.  i do not see this logo ever having that effect.  even if this was the logo for 10 years and becomes common place, it still will not represent the oculus as there are way to many things this could be.
wow, the new logo is an oval... i am sure the facebook marketing team broke their backs day and night for months to come up with that one... enjoy your facebook money while its there; their stock is seriously overvalued and they basically are running on empty; but they are "too big too fail", at least too valuable to the nsa to fail.
i see oculus have changed their logo, i assume the backers that had the t-shirts will get a replacement? ;)
hey, just wanted to say: thanks for dropping linux support, really made my day. of course i fully understand that after all there's not enough money to work on that, you have to focus, right?. yeah i know, someday, when the stars and the moons align, there will be linux support again, heard that story way too often already, thanks, but no.  so glad i backed this, got both devkits and put so much effort in this to make it an awesome experience! wish you good luck...
a big upvote for giving original kickstarters the ability to preorder first.  we helped start the whole thing off!  oculus's first investors!
@usm-valor yes, imo, what you wrote needs to happen, cause otherwise myself (and probably a lot of other people) will just jump ship and go with the valve vive, unless the vive is significantly worse in quality or significantly higher in price. tired of waiting.  and all these people buying them up selling them on ebay makes it worse.
could the good folks at oculus rift please consider giving their kickstarter backers a guaranteed spot in line (if they so choose) for the pre-order? you could set it up by sending each of us a code which could be used to secure a spot in line before opening things up to the public.
c'mon oculus team,  i have store credit from the whole doom 3 incident.   i'd like to actually spend it on a consumer version of the rift some time before i die or before valve and your other competitors eat you for lunch.
@peter cunningham that would be nice.  sure beats just selling it and watching all the available oculus consumer headsets end up on ebay, so we  have to wait 3 months to freaking get one. so glad i didn't bother upgrading to a dk2.
apparently you guys are planning a limited public beta this year. just out of curiosity, how will you pick who is eligible for the beta? perhaps rewarding your loyal kickstarter backers? worth a shot :p
crescent project they can get rid of the headphones, by using hypersound (directional audio speakers) that deliver sound to users left and right ear locations.
@adam stamos we wanted it to move forward - just not with facebook.  if it had been valve or another company similar to valve, i don't think you would have had as many upset people. i'm over it. i might get a dk2 or wait for the consumer version or go with a competitor.  who knows at this point.
john is on stage live @ https://www.youtube.com/watch…
congrats on the samsung partnership! http://www.engadget.com/2014/09/03/samsung-virtual-reality/
ugh. wish i hadn't left a comment about the facebook deal. i feel different about it now, and now i discovered i was quoted in several places.. *rolls eyes*
i backed this project because i believed it had the potential to be something huge! i am not upset that i was correct. with the new "backer" i hope you're able to push this technology at hyper speed. i'm excited to be 1 of the 9,522 people that get to say they "backed" a project that will change the way humans see the world. best of luck!
the amount of short sighted ignorance and narrow minded stupidity here is ridiculous. it seems it really is true that there are only two types of people here, the ones with the intelligence and foresight to move their industry forward and the ones too stupid to do anything other than complain about things they obviously don't understand.    . i for one am excited for oculus and what the increased budget and support means for the technology and am really looking forward to seeing any new hardware developments at e3.
i wanted to post this because there are many negative comments, and just want to make the people know that not all the kickstarter backers are as angry as the media has painted us, and i'm sure that i'm not the only one that feels this way. i'm more than satisfied with my pledge, actually this has been the best ks campaign that  i've pledged to. they didn't only deliver the rewards, they also have been keeping us updated, even if the kickstarter campaign ended over one and a half years ago! thank you oculusvr :d keep up the good work!!
i agree with oliver housknecht. we understand that current laws don't allow backers to be investors but at the very least treat us with the respect and appreciation you treat your parents for giving you birth. give us something for free like the official cv1 and a thank you note.
give all 9,522 of your original backers a free official oculus when it releases. that will shut us all up. we'll let you keep your $2b with no complaints. think about it. facebook could front the cost and that would be no sweat off their back.
well a little over a week has passed since the sellout of oculus, and i've been contemplating the whole ordeal a lot since then. i won't say that i can't understand it, the largest amount of money i've ever seen is about 2.000$ i can't even imagine what 2.000.000$ looks like let alone 2.000.000.000$,  or 1.898.000.000 as i suppose it's closer to now that fb's stock came tumbling down, still an insane amount of money. i'm not sure if i'd have the integrity to decline had i been in your stead, but i hope so. btw, i think congratulations are kindof in order, i think this must set some kind of new record, 9522 people zuckerburged at the same time, and even with the help of the master himself, that's kind of impressive in a sort of macabre way. *nyway, *uckey and *uckerburg both say that this won't change anything for oculus, but facebook doesn't exactly have the greatest of track records when it comes to buying companies and keeping them open. they've been buying and merging since around 2007 (according to wiki they've done so with +40 companies by now), yet in the speech to the fb shareholders mark admitted that fb didn't actually have any experience with running internal companies like that. also they are publicly owned, which means an almost religiously fanatic adherence to the bottom. so when the money says jump, you jump. it's pretty clear who the winners here were, but i think the real looser is kickstarter, admittedly money centric news sites has called this good news for kickstarter,  proof the kickstarter model works, but honestly i'm not seeing it. the model isn't "schmucks take all the risks of investing in startups without a chance for a return, so 'accredited' investors can later swoop in and take all the money".  the idea behind kickstarter is small projects circumventing the man and making their own fortune, that's why project creators are allowed to make tiers with no content, like the "10$ special thanks" tier on the oculus rift page. and that is also why projects are allowed to fail. if it was a shop, where you pre-ordered goods, then project creators would be forced to deliver, even if the project failed. and i believe that's also why backers feel so betrayed, they invested time and money in the team and in the idea, now the team has turned their back on the idea and sold it of to some huge "creepy" corporation that is known for it's unethical practices and disregard for their customers. that doesn't garner trust in the model, it garners distrust, so while rich people are talking about the golden age of kickstarting many active backers are talking about leaving.  i don't know if said rich people were planning on taking over and throwing their own money at it or they were just hoping to watch from the sidelines, like hungry vultures, but it doesn't seem viable either way. i for one probably won't be using kickstarter much if at all after this. then there is the question of the future for vr, this is something that i've especially been thinking about, i don't think it's going away,  there's clearly an interest in it, and many companies are creating their own versions, sony and microsoft to mention a few.  and now that oculus have alienated many of their earlier followers that probably means many people are looking for alternative companies, it seems highly unlikely that there will be another grassroot product to get behind, so it will probably end up in people just dispersing to products of different larger corps that aren't facebook, sure some will probably stay with the rift, but i have no idea how few.. after all, microsoft, sony, etc. are all fairly equally distrusted, fb is far more distrusted than any of them and oculus just backstabbed their backers 2b$, that's a lot of emotional bullshit tied up in the rift, for quite a lot of people. there is however one thing that has bugged me.. putting on a helmet in the name of escapism, i can see that working, that's a dream for most nerds/geeks,  being able to actually be inside the game, rather than just looking at it through a flat screen in front of them, but how many people would put on a helmet in order to use social media. i really doubt social rifting will catch on, but who knows. lastly, many backers have been asking for refunds, stocks and cv1's for the original backers as compensation,  now first of all, publicly traded companies aren't exactly noted for being generous when they don't have to, they have shareholders to appease, which makes the bottom line god. and shareholders don't like the sight of money being given away when they can't see the purpose (even if appeasing the livid masses would probably be pretty good from a pr perspective). refunds, they aren't contractually obliged to do that, and they probably won't. stocks, i'm not an american, but from my understanding it's not legal for "poor people" to own stocks, apparently for their own protection.... yea.. cv1, well as with the other two, i highly doubt it's going to happen. are they legally bound to do any of them? no, morally, ethically, perhaps. but really, we are schmucks and idiots to believe in even garage hackers on kickstarter, they legally owe us nothing, their little grift of a rift played out nicely and they can laugh all the way to the bank, while many of us are left with nothing but merch for something we no longer believe in, or just pure disdain. i'm just glad that i'm a poor student, so i couldn't afford to throw much after them, except my time evangelizing, i feel really sorry for those of you who burned more than i did though =/ anyway, i'm out, this is probably the last i'll ever have anything to do with oculus. good bye and thanks for all the fish, it was fun while it lasted.
just give everyone some facebook stock, and then we wont know what to think anymore. suddenly the burden of success is on us too.
really, think about it. $3m, maybe less since it's at your cost, and it would be all over the internet about how great you were for actually appreciating your backers, and a good portion of us would think you're awesome again, think about the effect of thousands of the most early adopter vr enthusiasts loving or hating oculus, and telling everyone so. besides that great and huge publicity, we were the ones willing to spend $300 of our money to develop on this thing, the passionate independent ones are the ones you want building up a nice library of games and code.
"ultrabrite 5 days ago now that you're swimming in money could you please ship free dk2s to your 9522 backers ?  that would be a kind way to say goodbye before you bail out." you guys should seriously do this, it would be what, 0.15% of your buyout profits?
for the record my mind is changed and i agree this aquisition was the only right move. i have absolutely no regret backing this project, and i'm more hyped than i've ever been. to all those naysayers: if you don't want your shirt, can i have it? good luck oculus.
for the record my mind is changed and i agree this aquisition was the only right move. i have absolutely no regret backing this project, and i'm more hyped than i've ever been. to all those naysayers: if you don't want your shirt, can i have it? good luck oculus.
http://www.youtube.com/watch… rip oculus
congratulations oculus! all the facebook haters, here is a (very cynical) way of looking at it from a positive direction: for vr to work it needs a perfect display and such good tracking and low latency that it does not induce motion sickness. these are hardware problems they *need* to crack for people to be able to use it. it's in the best interest of facebook to make it work because a headset that makes people motion sick is worthless to them. so even if facebook manages to force  oculus to turn it into a blue headset with like buttons on the side, vr technology on the whole will benefit. like many other products there will be competition, and other manufacturers will be able to copy solutions that oculus finds. that said, i honestly believe that oculus chose this because they think it is the best way to realize their goal. i really hope the facebook money hose allows them to make a version with a much higher resolution. i ordered a dev kit 2.0 this morning, because i really want to try the positional tracking.
we want vr to be huge and this will ensure it with all the money and the hype around this sale. facebook are not the devil, they are a company trying to make money. i for one am proud to have backed this and other vr related projects.
hey, congratulations on the deal. i always hoped that this project would someday succeed in a gigantic way. i kind of imagined that if and when the rift made it big you might take us along for the ride. some of us are just as much the "small guy" as you once were, and we all have dreams of our own. i guess i was being naive, but best of luck anyway.
just for info, facebook fraud: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
douchebag oculus. raises $2.5 million on kickstarter. immediately sells out for $2 billion. to facebook. i want to retract all positive statements i ever made about this project.
so much drama for such good news.  better, cheaper hardware - that's what this means.  plain and simple. palmer and company:  very exciting news, i can't wait to see what this opportunity allows you to do with the rift!  ignore the internet armchair professionals.
"pledge $10 or more 1009 backers special thanks: help us take gaming to the next level! you'll receive a sincere thank you from the oculus team and we'll keep you up to date on all of our progress developing the consumer rift and building out the developer sdk! estimated delivery: oct 2012" so how many of you $10 backers are nice and up to date on the progress of the consumer rift?
i'm a fairly minor backer, got a nice t-shirt. there is a natural temptation to look at what facebook does and assume the worst. looking at it logically facebook did not buy oculus to put adds on it - the numbers make no sense. there are currently zero commercial users of oculus, unlike say whatsapp which has about half a billion. there would be no benefit to either party to slap adds and the facebook brand onto oculus at this time. facebook doesn't want to be caught out when a new platform explodes onto the scene, as it almost was with mobile and it doesn't want to let competitors own the vr space. it genuinely imagines a future where shared social spaces might become the next big thing. if that's going to happen, it will happen anyway - oculus is after all an open platform. this just means facebook gets in on the ground floor. at the moment i see no reason not to take oculus at their word that this will not impact their plans for the gaming side of things. time will tell of course, but personally i think they have earned the right to be given the benefit of the doubt. having said that, there are many here who contributed a lot more than me and it's understandable if you feel this is not what you signed up for. if you are suspicious of facebook, don't like what they do or have political or moral reservations about what they stand for you are perfectly entitled to express your disappointment. as someone who has run a successful kickstarter campaign i feel there is a responsibility to keep backers informed and a part of the process. in hindsight i'm sure oculus realise they could have handled this a little better.
my personal dislike for facebook aside, i still feel that the dk2 will be an incredible platform to experiment with. i have no plans to cancel my pre-order at this time. i had and continue to have high hopes for vr and its potential to revolutionize many different forms of media consumption: from gaming, to movies, to education, to healthcare, all the way to 'vr "bubble" workstations' (for us hackers), and the many new spaces it will create. fb got a steal at $2b, given the time and hard work needed this tech has the potential to be so much bigger. but today oculus remains the front runner in personal hmd (at a reasonable cost, and open source). and while i do have my reservations about the fb acquisition i still feel that the oculus team (backed by strong indie developers) is our best bet at the realization of our shared dream of amazing vr (hopefully open source).
i am a minor backer and afte ri had ordered dk2 i hate to see oculus join facebook. facebook is something i hate from the bottom of my heart (never joined it)  .. the news totally ruined my day and i'm thinking of canceling my pre-order.
two companies died with the announcement. oculus and kickstarter. the rise and fall of kickstarter.
"the best minds of my generation are thinking about how to make people click ads. that sucks." - jeff hammerbacher
http://www.giantbomb.com/articles/facebook-oculus-and-trust/1100-4884/ i highly recommend for people to read this article
if you search around the web, you'll find out that there are many companies and indies working on games for the oculus, oculus is still supporting them, and no one stops 'em from creating their own original gaming content.
i expected them to work at making vr for games, not vr for social ad marketing and datamining.
someone else before me said this "free dk2s to your 9522 backers"... that might not be a bad idea.  it would at least take the sting out of the whole feeling.
wow, i’m really torn on this.  first off i’m kind of glad they have a bunch of investment to make great vr gear.  however, they had already secured funding before this deal.  i’m also bitterly disappointed.  i invested in a gamer hardware project, not a giant privacy violating corporation.  can you imagine the user agreement that is going to accompany any oculus software or driver.  they are going to sell all the data they collect on what people view through the headset.  wow, i feel betrayed.  i’m reluctant on buying the second kit now.  it is not me and the community supporting a game changing upstart, but a giant wealthy uncaring corporation using our hard earned money to do its development work for it.  i could even stomach that, but when i know they will not have the integrity to secure the personal data of the community that funded the birth of the technology, that is something i can’t feel good about supporting.  i guess we have to see what avegant, and castar come out with.  i could still get behind it if the oculus team came out in print stating that all future oculus products would have a strict privacy policy, something i doubt i’ll ever see.
@drew madsen: honestly, i prefer a million times that a company like facebook bought them over the other two companies you mentioned: * if micro$oft would own oculus, they would have the power to close all the source and make the project "windows only" or "xbox only", they could have the power to prevent the oculus to be able to run on the steam machines / mac / linux or on any other hw that wasn't ms branded. * ea on the other hand would have the power to ban the indie competition by asking for high royalties or licensing fees. i don't say that those things would definitively happen, but it would be for the best interest for those companies investors considering their current business. from what i've read, mark and the guys at facebook stated that they will let the guys at oculus to continue to work freely by their own standards, and if you believe that they wouldn't maintain their product open, maybe you should read a little about their other hardware projects like the "open compute project"(https://www.facebook.com/notes/facebook-engineering/building-efficient-data-centers-with-the-open-compute-project/10150144039563920). i don't know what people expected from backing this project that they want their money back, but at least i hoped that backing this project would help bringing the attention of game / software developers and other companies to the vr scene, and so that they could make the rift an affordable consumer product. today we have the dk2 and a soon to come cv1, lot's of projects in development in relation to vr, including lot's of other vr consumer headsets like the morpheus, the dive, the vrase, and others, lot's of advancement in relation to vr controller systems like stem / omni / priovr / tactical haptics, and also lot's of games and software in development (and some ready and just waiting for the cv1), from my point of view, i got back a lot more than what i payed for and with facebook financing oculus there is still a lot more to come.
i am saddened that the independent dream that was oculus is now selling out to facebook.  honestly, i feel that every single donor should get a "kickback/refund" from that $2 billion (they'd still have plenty left over!) to put towards a kickstarter project that isn't a masquerading golddigger.  the whole idea of kickstarter is to support people in making the world a better place through original ideas and technology, not selling out to corporate america.  we already have enough politicians that do that - and you see how good that's worked out for the country.  a shame and dissapointment to everyone who backed oculus; it's a damn shame.
at your right kickstarter says oculus has not connected to facebook, everybody is lying!
i'm happy for them to keep my money. people don't like facebook (hell i don't really like facebook) but the other businesses facebook has bought in the past haven't changed one bit... instagram and whatsapp aren't doing anything that people are claiming this will mean for vr so i hope everyone can stop and think about this in a non-emotional way. them getting bought out was a forgone conclusion from day 1, perhaps people didn't realise this and that's where the anger comes from? at the end of the day, this gives them the cash they need to make this stuff go mainstream... so i'm cool with it and i'm just damn glad they didn't get bought out by someone with a vested interest in a single platform.
this is not what i backed this project for. seriously not. i hope kickstarter will learn from this and find ways to prevent such abuse of their platform in the future. you lost a lot of credibility due to this. and oculus? oh well ... rip.
microsoft at least has hardware production connections and experience that could benefit oculus vr. both have in house personal experienced with developing game engines. facebook has......umm...marketing, data-mining? valve would have been the best solution, since they want vr too, and i'd actually believe they wouldn't hinder the rift development.
usm-valor why sell out at all? i wouldn't mind selling out to valve though, i have a lot of respect for them still.   but not most others
i would prefer ea or microsoft over facebook, at least they make aaa games.
i'm curious, would you guys think it would be better if they sold to microsoft? how about ea? facebook isn't the worst choice out there. 2 billion can likely build one hell of a vr device. your money for this kickstarter bought you a shirt, or a dev kit. stop asking for handouts.
after reading all the comments, i think everyone of us has to remember how oculus started: a pure product born directy from the minds of dreamers, with palmer at his head,  defying the whole gaming industry to take a leap forward and launching it to the future science-fiction dreamed of. 75.000 of us supported it at kickstarter, helping it happen, and many more were fascinated after seeing and trying it. -the guy you are attacking today with rage is the same that made the oculus exist. without him today we wouln't see any trace of quality vr in the near future.- i think palmer and his team deserve a lot of credit and faith for what they have already achieved. if the oculus only is the catalyst to start the vr revolution, it would have been great already. it has already brought to life something that can only grow. i'm sure it won't stop here. as i'm sure that sony, microsoft and valve will show their vr kits soon. today we dislike palmer's choice and it seems the end of the vr dream. i have that feeling too, but that's simply naive. when finished vr sets are availiable, the only important thing will be the quality/comfort of the display and the presence you can achieve with them. we would give a shit whose product is. what we want is the best vr system for the best games possible. with that in mind, we have to admit the truth about oculus: despite all the hype and all the love we gave it, once that microsoft/sony and even valve increase their interest in vr, oculus would have a very difficult fight to survive all alone only as a peripheral developer against a more populated market and against industry monsters. maybe with the funds and support of a major company they are going to be able to compete when the true competition starts. anybody is a fan of facebooks philosophy, but almost everybody uses it. if it can help real gaming vr grow, or open the way to interesting experiences maybe its a good thing. specially with the original team intact. if this its about messing with patents, putting ads in every fucking place of a mech game, and spying on everybody's virtual porn habits. go to hell. until then, have some faith in this incredible, super-talented team that already made our dreams come true.
said that: -bakers: we do not own the company or shares, we helped to give it life because we wanted vr to happen. it already happened. -oculus: loses its beautiful newborn reputation by association, but wins a lot of money to buy lamborghinis and more mediums to accomplish its dream. -facebook: mark zuckerberg wins technology to spy on virtual porn users' habits, connecting your grandmother with your virtual girlfriends and putting the like button in every virtual planet that will exist on the future. the true damaged: -kickstarter and crowdfunding: from now one you can think that you fund someone's project to make them sell it to a company before finishing it. but you can consider that you can start a project here and sell it to facebook for 2000 millions, not bad. -valve: "we helped develop the tech of crystal cove" and now it's facebook property, crap. -john carmack: the genius and father of doom, idtech5, rage, etc. now will be coding the virtual poker for facebook series. :'(
quite disappointed too but i believe only time will tell how good the decision really was. anyway it's up for the big bankers now to decided what's gonna happen in vr now.
i backed the oculus ks campaign too, giving $300 to it. i paid for a few things: - the prototype, of course, - the idea that i could take part in what i considered to be a revolution, - the idea that i was giving my confidence to a team of independent people that would prove to the world that industrial/technological revolutions could be led by people facebook is not evil, it's a company. a company that invested 2 billion dollars in oculus. don't fool us. even if you don't admit it today, you've lost your freedom. you've lost your soul. you annihilated every single beautiful ideas your project carried. but you're rich now.
so where does one go to get their $ 300 back? i think we as backers have a right to the product too, and i'm not okay with my money being spent on technology that goes into the hands of facebook.
i also funded the project based on the dream of bringing vr closer to reality. we all have concerns on how facebook is going to handle the acquisition, but it shouldn’t be as bad as most are anticipating. i’m still confident that oculus is going to bring some exciting new hardware to the market as fast as possible and kickstart the vr revolution. now oculus could seriously think in a reasonable way to compensate the original backers. this generosity would be a nice way to bring up the morale of the community! what do you all think would be a proper compensation? i would be more than happy with a brand new commercial version of the product when it launches! keep up the good work oculus
here's the deal folks. both the oculus team and facebook are touting a partnership that will still give oculus the freedom to do what they want with just more funds. mark has invested in oculus which means that oculus rift inadvertently gets controlled by facebook stockholders. no matter how much is being said right now to the positive side, we will still see oculus taking directions that are ultimately best for facebook stockholders.
aaaaaaannnnnnd the rift is gone.
i'm honestly glad this happened before i bought a crystal cove dev kit. i was seriously considering the new model. definitely not now. oculus rift will die pretty fast and sony's project morpheus will take the stage until valve begins their own venture into the vr world.
i want my pledge back.
they should have sold to sony for a quarter of the price. 75% less money out of the deal, 1000% better reputation. not to mention having access to sony hardware production lines etc etc.
if they were against it, they wouldn't still be in the company.
palmer - "i'd like to announce that oculus just sold to facebook!!" loyal supporters - "https://www.youtube.com/watch…"
my guess is that lucky and crew didn't even have a choice in the matter. they got huge investment after the kickstarter. something like $100m which means they likely had to sell away a huge portion of their company in exchange. investors typically only care about the return on their investment. 20x is a common vc target and this deal seemed to hit that number pretty close.
i feel used. so frustrated right now. that is uncalled for...
i just wanted to express my deep disgust with the sale of oculus to facebook. there were so many great companies that could have acquired this product, why facebook?? i guess when someone is throwing an unimaginably large sum of money at you its hard to say no. i get the feeling that oculus just committed suicide. i really believed in oculus and wanted to support them in every way i could. as a developer i was gitty with excitement, now i am kinda sad.
that means i should get a little bit more than that even. i hope a class action happens that gives us pledgers a certain percentage of that $2b based on the percentage we gave to the kickstarter!
so oculus, i backed the original kickstarter for $10... i'd like my $8200 (.00041%) of that 2$ billion facebook deal now, please. i backed a vr project for games, not a massive social media company's fairly obvious attempt to stay relevant in the face of a waning facebook and make more money in the long run. i'm a game developer/artist struggling to even find a job in the face of frequent studio layoffs. shareholder stake in something i believed in would have helped a lot right about now, but screw the little people, right? thanks for that...
i supported this because it's something that i've wanted to see become a reality since i read my first william gibson novel. now i find out that i might as well have handed my money right to facebook and i feel a little sick. enjoy your payday i guess. please forward me an address so i can return my t-shirt.
i want my pledge back.
i hate facebook. now that oculus is controlled by facebook, i hate oculus. sony 'project morpheus', here's looking at you now!
what a terrible development. say whatever you want, like it matters anymore.
so saddened by this, but good work guys all the same :/
glad you guys where able to sell out with a product build on our money. i can understand that you guys need more money to be able to compete with sony, but facebook?? come on!
congratulations!! this is great news!
so the oasis has now his innovative online industries ... ready player one
@ultrabite yeah, no kidding. @jeff mcmorris - re: the govt, etc, that isnt the point.  that type of stuff will always be around.  it's quite another matter to just say "hey fb, read whatever data you want!  collect any aggregate data you want!".  they have a choice with fb to use it or not.  they have no choice with the former.
now that you're swimming in money could you please ship free dk2s to your 9522 backers ? that would be a kind way to say goodbye before you bail out.
i'm glad i backed this so you could sellout to facebook. nicely done!
what a disappointing decision to cash out even before getting first consumer version out.
good thing this announcement came after i preordered my dk2. well done.
you selling out to facebook is a disgrace. it damages not only your reputation, but the whole of crowdfunding. i cannot put into words how betrayed i feel by this.
if i where oculus and facebook, i'd ship dk2 earlier and re-pay the $2,4 million of the backer money - just to make everyone as happy as possible and potentially save some devs and face! then make a public lawfully backed statement that oculus rift will be developed as an open platform that will continue to be non-bound and lock-in-free hardware.
thanks for selling us out palmer! you couldn't have chosen a worse company. why not also teaming up with the nsa...  sadly i supported this company. a mistake which will not happen again.
i feel cheated. i backed a vision of what i wanted gaming to be in the future. now all i want is my money back.bad move palmer.
i am not sure why everyone's so upset.  facebook is going to increase resources available to oculus.  it's just silly to think it's going to become an advertising platform.  facebook is smart they saw the future, just like the rest of us here and bought it for  2 billion.  they got a bargain. sure the facebook website sucks, but for me it's mostly because people post so much crap. it's like a big chain email letter now. as far as privacy goes, people get over it.  privacy doesn't exist anywhere online anymore as all the nsa leaks have shown us.  the answer is just don't post anything you don't want public. i think facebook the company is kind of trying to become like oracle. a company built on acquisitions... nothing wrong with that.  they have done some good too, facebooks open source hardware initiative, origami, hack, hhvm.  all great contributions.  a lot more than google has done lately... getting back to vr. it's going to take significant resources to make vr truly mainstream.  today oculus just got a lot of extra resources.  who knows if they will dominate the market.  they have first mover advantage but there are a lot of big companies who will focus on it in the next few years.  companies like intel and microsoft who need a new hit desperately.  google who seems to enter every new field and try to grab it for themselves.  apple will watch the early progress and then come out with something that will fix most of the initial problems...  anyway it's the beginning, the next few years will be interesting.  i just wish we could have invested in oculus stock when we backed the kick starter. anyway good luck to the oculus team, now go build us the future and show all the naysayers why this was good news:-)
i think i would have rather bought a few shares of oculus rather than my now worthless $300  obsolete vr headset.  what's two billion dollars amongst 9,522 friends? i'd be happy with my $300 back.
@noah: i feel that people right now are just blinded by their hatred for facebook, i mean... it hasn't been 10 hours since the purchase and people are already ranting like if someone stole their car. i know that they've done lot's of bad things against their user's privacy and that mark might not the nicest person on the planet, but they are pumping lot's of cash into the project, and at least this will only help the project to move faster to their goals. i'm not saying to blindly follow oculus decisions, i just think that you should not cry for milk that haven't been spilled yet.
actually that was just me (joel), poor emile got tacked onto my comment because we share an account. kind of a kickstarter faux pas.
i'm impressed; usually forms of media have to come into existence first before they are taken over and ruined by ad companies. this may be a new record.
grillo del mal: on the contrary.  we're not haters, we're the people who first believed in this vision of the future and put our money where are mouths are. nijssen and edelstein: i applaud you for your thoughtful, well-considered, and eloquent exposition.  bravo.
haters gonna hate 9__9
emile nijssen & joel edelstein, well said friends.
disgusted. did you have to stoop so low? really?
now i'm really glad i waited on kickstarting dk2. hope all that fb capital will be enough, because i refuse to be associated with them.
vr is a part of the future. we are a community that believes this, but outside of this relatively small community the average person needs more convincing. it is of course something of a relief to see a company the size of facebook willing to bet a decent amount of their play money on oculus, and it will undoubtedly bring some attention to vr in the short term, but at what cost to the vr community, and oculus' mission? the worry is two-fold. oculus was very successful in rallying a community around a single piece of technology; they acted to focus vr enthusiasts on one "best path" forward. oculus' success to date is based in no small part around their community outreach and their position as an independent engine focused entirely on the improvement of the vr experience. as a small division of facebook they forfeit that position. and that’s where the second and primary concern comes in. facebook is a huge company that does something very boring, very clever and slightly evil. it manages an enormous database that collects vast amounts of information from a population that is not yet savvy to the downsides of trading their private information for the right to use a service at no cost. to date facebook has dabbled in a variety of hardware projects, and most of them have failed (who all owns a facebook phone say yeah). it's safe to say that hardware is not their focus or core competency. at this point facebook's value is hyperinflated. they have value only because of the size of their user base, and while they have been king of the hill for almost a decade there is no law of the universe that prevents them from sharing the fate of myspace or friendster. facebook seems aware of this, and it is doing a very smart thing by spending money while the money is there to spend in an attempt to secure its future position. instagram, for example, was purchased primarily for its user base. there was nothing preventing facebook from offering a competing service, but it was much smarter to absorb existing users than to try to attract them from a competitor. everything facebook buys is focused on driving customers to the mothership, whether or not they would explicitly prefer not to feed the facebook machine with every intimate detail of their lives. so one has to ask oneself, does facebook want oculus so that it can be a part of improving the vr experience, or does it simply see oculus as a wearable information gathering device? a week ago oculus was a very successful company about a year away from releasing its first consumer vr hardware. now oculus’ mission almost has to be to feed more user data into facebook. it’s hard to imagine a product being released that is not hard-linked to a facebook account. now instead of just being a vr pioneer, oculus users can become the first guinea pigs to share everything they do in their virtual worlds with the facebook database. where you are looking, what you are looking at, who you are interacting with, when are you doing it. these are all more data points for facebook. and of course there is nothing stopping them from putting targeted ads into a user’s field of vision. enjoying that virtual world? you might enjoy it more with a coke. i'm not a fan of facebook, but i still use the platform. part of me is impressed that facebook has managed to stay relevant for as long as it has, part of me is disgusted by what it does to do so. all of me is worried about what part oculus has in this puzzle. i just can’t, as hard as i try, imagine anything good.
i backed this concept in the hopes they'd make something wonderful. sadly all they did was make them selves wonderfully rich.
i'm disappointed. you had the potential to become bigger than facebook on your own.
congratulations on the sale :)  i'm happy that the idea that i helped backing ended up being evaluated for 2.000 million usd, is like if every dollar that anyone donated just turned into ~1000 dollars (well... is a lot less, but i'm not in the mood to do math right now xd) just hope that you can continue being as open and continue working with the same (or more) freedom that you have done until now :)
pack it up, the dream is gone.
sellout dicks. you should refund every dollar.
this a big disappointment.
in the months since backing this, i began to believe that the rift would be a commercial flop, but i mostly didn't express this opinion. but between this and sony's vr project, i'm absolutely sure that the rift is doomed.
shame on you palmer, shame on you. a terrible move indeed, i'm so upset at the idea that this great community of generous people kickstarted facebook.  believing you'll keep full control on oculus and the rift is very naive.
if they actually gave a crud, they'd damage control here, not on reddit.
i first read about this on arstechnica, and i literally checked the date to make sure it wasn't april 1st.  to paraphrase several people's comments from that article, i don't have an f big enough to go with the wt. this is a huge betrayal, palmer.  make no mistake about it, you've just lost a huge chunk of the faith and pride we all had in you and in what you started _with_our_help_.  when this journey started, a little voice in the back of my head said "this kid is too young to do this right," but i went ahead and donated anyways because i was so impressed with the technology and with the idealistic drive of this very young man.  he made me believe.  today is the day i see where his inexperience has led us: straight to selling out to facebook. david tse could not be more wrong regarding the attitude of what i suspect is the vast majority of oculus's kickstarter backers.  we did not pre-order a product.  we gave palmer our hard-earned cash to help start what we thought was the beginning of a vr revolution by a small intensely-focused group of visionaries and engineers.  having them sell out to facebook, which is widely seen as the embodiment of all that is wrong with the new digital economy, is truly heart-breaking.  there is no such thing as autonomy when you're in bed with facebook.  whatsapp is learning that lesson right now. this is a sad day.
i can't trust some one that sells out like that man. they already fooled me once, i won't be fooled again.
to drew madsen: palmer's already said the gaming community is the only place with the expertise to build vr experiences right now, and in light of that their products have to remain open; see http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/21cy9n/the_future_of_vr/cgby5hj…
a sell out is a sell out, and it means the end of vr gaming. welcome your social vr overlords.
for those looking for the aforementioned damage control: http://www.reddit.com/user/palmerluckey summary: - oculus needs lots more cash and scale to make the rift as good as it can be and deliver on the vr we all wanted - facebook likes the cut of oculus's jib and gives them infrastructure, capital and other resources in return for a financial stake in the next big thing from the sound of it oculus retains all the autonomy they need to deliver on their goal, just with fb's considerable backing. good luck to them.
they don't get to remain autonomous, 1.5 billion of the deal is in facebook shares. if you don't think facebook is going to but in on every decision they make, you are dreaming. like saying the nsa wouldn't spy on every day citizen's phonecalls or e-mails.
i want them to push the making of games, real games, for the oculus rift. not turn the rift into a marketing ploy for facebook.
seriously? why is everyone so pissed? i have two problems with all of your complaints. first off, kickstarter is for doing exactly what it's called. it's for kick starting projects and the companies that create them. we "donated"(really we just preordered a product) and they used the money to create the product and deliver it to us. now that the product we paid for is finished and in our hands we are no longer entitled to any say about what the company does. we are not investors in the company we simply helped create their first product by pre-ordering it, or buying something lesser. you may not like the deal, but you are in the same boat as everyone else who did not back the original product. you have no extra entitlements or rights because you were a backer. you should not feel personally insulted by this deal. oculus successfully fulfilled all of their obligations to every single kickstarter backer by delivering a kickass dev kit. this move is not a big fuck you, it’s a decision they made as a company to grow and create the best vr products they can for us. my second problem is, what’s wrong with this deal? oculus gets to remain completely autonomous just with a shit load more money to make better products for us. this deal is a great thing for oculus, and for all of us. we all believe in vr and this deal is going to make it so much better and get here so much faster.  ps. can someone please tell me why everyone hates facebook as a company so much? to me it looks like everyone has an irrational hatred of facebook, but what have they ever done to deserve such hatred? i could have missed something horrible they did, but to me they seem like perfectly decent company that’s going to help grow oculus rapidly.
god, this whole situation makes me feel sick.
the fact that they haven't even posted an update as they released the news, they know how much of a scumbag move this is.
this is disheartening news. i will never contribute on kickstarter again. this is not how crowd funding should work.
this stinks palmer.  i can't believe you would do this.  very sad tonight.
oculus should not be about the money, it's about an idea, the future of vr. we supported your idea with our money and our heart. you earned your success, but this? with facebook, its only about money. now we are not the customer, we are the product. so: since you now have ~400m$ in cash, it should'nt be that hard to pay your disappointed backers back their $2,437,429. thats 0.6% of your cash. or only 0.1% of the total 2 b$. you won't feel it, but we will. maybe even let your kickstarters get a bigger share? double it? 0.2%.
seeing as you all sold out to face book, i think i'd like to un-kickstart this project. where do i apply for a refund?
oculus rules! facebook doesn't. this is sad.
i am one of those backers that did not have the funds for a dev kit. i backed in this project for its vision and the people behind it. i have really come to own this project. felt that my humble pledge made a difference in making an affordable open vr platform. no one knows how facebook will influence the rift development, maybe something good will come out of it eventually. but i still feel left behind. facebook does not have a vision i feel passionate about. i think most of us backers have felt extremely passionate about the rift. we all took ownership of this project way beyond  our pledge. we followed your every step and shared your achievements and our excitement with friends across the internet and in real life. but today it is difficult not to felt left behind... we where not here to get a dev kit. we where to help you realize our common vision. we lost all that today and was left with facebooks future vision of computing.
too late for a refund? unbelievable what happened. i was extremely optimistic for the future of this product and the company behind it, and this is how i'm repaid for my investment? incredibly disappointing.
what a disappointment, i really didn't back this, this was not what was sold to us...we've been used...but i doubt very much anyone with $2b in their pocket cares what we think.
i am truly, truly disappointed. i had high hopes and they've been replaced with cynicism. funny how i backed a product designed to free me from reality's shackles only to find that the product will be corrupted by those shackles long before a product makes it to mass distribution. you had investors, guys. i read that your investors could give you as much money as facebook offered. you could have been the virtual reality company. now you're just a corporate asset that's going to put out products i cannot trust. your enthusiasm and vision convinced me to back you. nothing you say now can convince me that my money was well spent. i am really, really heartbroken.
i would have never given a single cent of my money to oculus if i had known you were going to sell out to facebook. you sold all of us out. i hope this backfires horribly for oculus and facebook. i will personally discourage absolutely anyone i know from buying what was once an indie dream and is now a soulless corporate cash cow. god, i want a refund so badly.
sell-out
http://www.oculusvr.com/blog/oculus-joins-facebook/
can we please have some damage control and reassurances around this whole facebook thing so that oculus don't destroy the beautiful thing they (re)started? really worried about this latest turn of events and honestly disappointed. i don't want anything to do with facebook - i definitely don't want them steering such a promising project into an ad-ware-infected platform-locked piece of junk that requires a facebook login to even use. can we please get something from oculus hq to let us know the rift isn't going to be turned into a facebook-only gizmo and that everything is actually going to be ok? i think a lot of us would appreciate it.
well, i'm kind of horrified. i'd never have backed this if i'd had an inkling this might happen. very happy i didn't preorder the second devkit; i'm going to wait and see what competitors might pop up.
i think recent events warrant an update.
all i can say with absolute certainty is i absolutely do not like, use, nor trust facebook as a company. while my funds are yours fair and square, at this moment in time, i regret backing this. i sincerely hope i am wrong.
john carmack left id software for this?  waiting to see his comments and what he does .... and tempted to cancel my dk2 pre-order.
wow i am in shock...vr was soo close..... now i feel we are back in 1993 again. what a setback. i had so much hope for this project. you really need to give us a proper explanation for this move....
nnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
wow, i misjudged you...sorry to hear i was backing facebook in the end...thanks for that
what a shame, palmer that's low, and if you somehow thought it was a good idea you don't have any idea about what "facebook" really is, your idea and project together with the potential has been eaten, like food, by greed. you've put oculus on par to candy crush, on all effect, and up to the same target niche, niche avoided by neurons.
i too want my $10 back. i don't want my vr experience in the facebook mall.
palmer! what the actual f*ck?!
is this facebook thing for real?!
horrible...horrible decision.  i want my donation back.
what in hell was the point of kickstarter if you sell out to a giant company like facebook? this is very disappointing. i will no longer be supporting the oculus rift in anyway.
i think oculus joining facebook is a terrible idea.
if you haven't seen it yet, facebook is buying oculus: http://www.oculusvr.com/blog/oculus-joins-facebook/
i was able to pre-order. i tried paypal at first and that didn't work but then did my card and that worked. i pre-ordered 20 minutes after the update.
was anyone able to succesfully pre-order the dk2? it doesn't seem to process the payment at all...
i hope oculus announces their new dk2 ordering process here first (a one hour head start would be enough :-))
i for one am will buy the new dk as soon as i can. i love this first one, how it runs, the things people have made, and getting to mess around building things in vr. i can't wait until its ready!
will backers be able to get a discount on the new and improved version of the rift when it is available?
great article. thanks for the links. the other ones i read weren't nearly as comprehensive.
http://www.theverge.com/2013/12/13/5207906/flush-with-cash-oculus-plans-ambitious-new-vr-headset ""i looked at him and said, what do you think? are you ready to change the world? and he said absolutely, let's do it. it was pretty much unanimous, right then and there," oculus ceo brendan iribe tells the verge." "a prototype version of the oculus rift headset that the company claims will no longer make people sick when they use it. "  hell yea!  this is one of the key ingredients!
yes, huge congrats.  being one of the few pre-kickstarter backers i knew this tech was going to be a market game changer. http://techcrunch.com/2013/12/12/oculus-vr-raises-75-million-to-help-bring-virtual-reality-goggles-to-the-masses/
congratulations to the team at oculus rift for securing another $75 million in funding! this product should be absolutely amazing and it all started here.
it was a bit sad, but understandable, to hear that or will likely not be coming to next-gen consoles. i do hope that some consideration is given to a scaled-down model that would work sometime in the lifetime of the ps4/xbone. that being said, i *am* excited with the comments that oculus is interested in valve's steam machines. it would be great to see a collaborative effort produce a superior experience for both brands.
giving a shout out for pulsar http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/leafygames/pulsar-lost-colony with rift support! go back this now.. thanks :)
anyone in the new orleans area willing to let me play with your rift for a few minutes? i'll buy you lunch.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@usm-valor that sounds great. :-)
id's matt hooper has also joined the or team as director of development. great to see the team coming together.
john carmack joining the team, is a multiverse ripping, event horizon of fucktacular, with the gravitational pull of 10 to the 100th power solar masses. bending and warping the mind in such paradoxical vertices of wtf, that even stephen hawking might get up a start walking. glad he accepted......cause he really is the only choice.lol now start working on that whole seeing a virtual representation of your real hands thing..and i can die happy.
i know it's a long shot but i'd love to see the oculus in action and was wondering if there is any one in the reno (nv) area who has a dev kit and would be willing to meet up with a complete stranger and let him try it out? . i was also wondering if oculus has a public roadmap for the retail release, speculative or otherwise?
@hakon i think that's a fair request. i don't know if they can actually do it. but it seems like a problem that can either have a hardware, or software solution. so, i don't think that qualifies as nonsensical.
daniel vazquez, with a very nonsensical comment. what does the side of the screen to do with how games are shown on the screen, at all? not being able to play any game on the current market isn't oculus's fault, new hardware, old software, they don't combine, like trying to play a commodore game on a ps3, it just doesn't happen without a programmer making it happen. palmer is aware of the issues with the current oculus rift, and it isn't done by any means. i do happen to have a question, if i pre-order an oculus from the homepage, how long will that take? i bet there are more than 30,000 orders in, waiting to get out!
my rift is on its way! feels like christmas! thanks oculus!  by the way, i really hope you guys are in talks with imax, to create an official oculus-imax app. take a mind voyage with me! its the future. the theatrical release of movies is day one with the rift. instead of going to your local theater, you go online and buy tickets for the oculus imax version of nightmare on elm st 19. you take your seat,look around, and see a packed theater of people with their custom movie avatars. since you're in a 3d theatre the vr versions could have things like freddy coming through the vr theater doors and yelling, "you are all my children now!!!" before transforming the theater to the infamous boiler room!  the general public would lap this up! much success to you guys..
so have they fixed the fact we can't see the corners of the screen with the 1080p screen? right now, that makes it impossible to play most games. i am assuming the resolution has made reading interfaces much easier, right? or will it be blurry in the corners still?
i believe that this will change everything and oculus rift will be used for more then just gaming. :d
sony has expressed some interest in supporting the device you know. you guys should talk with them and look into that and expand the audience of this device than just for pc gamers.
from what i've read about lvds it's not just that a new screen wouldn't work with the current control box - it's pretty much guaranteed. you'd need to make your own display driver, which is a complex procedure and pretty much requires making a pcb. that's assuming it's lvds at all - lvds to hdmi converters are at least common, though as to which ones are lower latency, you're on your own. if the screen is instead mipi dsi or similar (ie: most phone screens), it'll be much more difficult to even find chips to convert the signal - and the only ones i can find with a quick google convert to lvds, so you'll be running the display output through a bunch of conversions - further increasing latency. i think you're underestimating how much work is required - the only parts of the current rift you'd be able to reuse are the optics (with the caveat that it's designed for a 7" screen - if you use a smaller one, you'll reduce your field of view) and the plastic casing, and possibly the tracker board (though that'll mean you'll have two cables - one from the headset to the current control box, one from the headset to the display driver box you'll need to make yourself). look at it another way - if you've got the skills to design a control pcb for the new display yourself, you'll probably be able to find a decent lcd to go with it.
lol, about two weeks ago i asked oculus if they could recommend me a 1080p screen. ugh. i hate when companies hide stuff that makes no sense to hide. why can't they just tell us which screen they are using? oculus, which 1080p screen are you using? i hate that is considered a "selling point" of the new rift. i mean, anyone can buy a 1080p screen and work out how to work it into the current rift.
you guys need to approach sony more furiously http://www.polygon.com/2013/6/12/4424314/oculus-rift-ps4
http://www.engadget.com/2013/06/11/oculus-rift-hd-prototype-vr-headset-hands/
not really surprising, but still noteworthy... http://www.engadget.com/2013/06/06/unreal-engine-4-oculus-rift/ it's good with some quick adoption of the rift into the prime game engines.
received today. received 'shipped" email after receiving package.
very sorry to hear what happened to andrew.  my condolences.
i would have said something before, but i just don't know what to say. it's terrible.
what a waste. i truly hope his vision for vr gaming is in no way diminished by his passing. rip, andrew, and thank you for all that you did.
i know i have no right and my words don't really matter coming from a random guy from the internet but my condolences to his family and friends.
my deepest condolences, he will be remembered =[
http://www.gamerevolution.com/news/oculus-rift-developer-andrew-scott-reisse-dead-at-33-19619 i cant believe it...
to the team at oculusvr. my sincere condolences and prayers go out to each and every one of you guys for your loss. to the friends and family of andrew scott reisse, may god see you through this.  its pretty messesd up how the world works,someone smart with a substantial amount to give to the world is taken, while the lowlife trash prospers.
my condolences guys :( http://kotaku.com/oculus-rift-developer-killed-a-bystander-during-a-poli-510805442
the solution to the problem is very.. lo-fi.  we need a low-pass/antialiasing filter.  it's a big issue for imaging sensors for camera manufacturers, trying to get the correct balance between antialiasing and resolution loss.  we need a diffusing (etched glass, etc) film on the display, but getting the correct balance between resolution and smoothness is a challenge.   would be interesting to see a dlp hud.  probably not practical, but with dlp the rgb pixels are temporally offset rather than spatially, so you would at least only see the screen door effect between pixels and not sub-pixels.
when i look around in a 3d scene, the screen gets slightly blurry until i stop moving my head. is that due to refresh rate? i've never experienced that before. lol, it's like we are going backwards in visuals. i think tesla maybe had it right (though it's a bit of an obvious statement) when they said, that they couldn't just make an electric car. they had to make an electric car that was better than a gasoline car in order to get people really interested in them. not, exactly a one to one analogy, but the idea is there. before the rift came out my biggest concerns for the rift was the 90 fov and the low screen resolution. now that the rift is out, it's still the same.
someone find me a 1080p screen modification how to. :)
i separate visiually appealing from hindering gameplay. right now, the rifts resolution actually makes it harder to play some games, simply because you cant make out enough details. so, with my 1080p test i feel, it looks good enough that it would hinder gameplay, but i feel the average consumer may be underwhelmed. although who knows, really how they would take it. but, as a company im not sure i would gamble on a consumer product until the experience is more compeling.
true, i wonder if the "general public" will accept it if it's not perfect in these aspects.. same goes for the possible motion sickness.
by the time that 5" to 7" 4k oled displays are available, preferably 120hz *drools*, for a price that won't form an obstacle for oculusvr, there won't be a computer that still has problems running games at 4k. i would say we're 1 to 2 years away from that kind of tech! but it does leave me worrying about the first incarnation of the consumer edition, if it really will be only 1080p, it'll underwhelm - as you've nicely put it - a lot of people.
hmm. i just checked again my 5.5" 1080p screen to compare, and i have to say its way better than the 720p 7" oculus screen in terms of screen door. so, i think its doable, but they have to get back dowb below 6" screens.
having tried it with a bunch of games, i have to say it was a bit underwhelming. the oculus demo looks the best. maybe because of how smooth it runs? anyway, i found everything else to be mostly unplayable. i felt blind with how bad the screen door effect is.im concerned that wont be an easy thing to fix because a higher resolution display wont fix it according to my test. and if we have to go higher than 1080p, computers wont be able to run the games fast enough. hmm, no wonder the consumer version is so far away.
@e-pain i agree completely, the resolution and the screen-door is the absolute biggest issue right now (although like you said, being a dev kit it's forgivable!). i find that as far as immersion goes, that's the biggest hurdle, and, again like you said, 1080 would not be enough (1080 isn't that much more than 800). splitting every pixel in 4 to reach 4k would indeed be a minimum :)! also, maybe i'm stupid, but the way it is now, the pixels in the center are magnified the most. wouldn't you be able to reverse the lense and distorted rendering to get the opposite effect?! o-o
@daniel: i've had my first chance at trying it tonight, the screendoor effect is very bad, so bad that in most games fine details are simply lost, like the monitors in doom3 1920x1080 won't help enough to eliminate this screendoor effect i bet, 4k however should be a nice shot in the right direction. for me, having tried a few demo's and a few games it's actually my only big complaint about it, and considering it's a developers edition that's easily forgiven! :-)
so i have a  1920x1080 5.5" screen and i used them to see how the screen door effect would look. and i have to say, it looks very bad. you can see the spaces between the pixels just as badly as the rift's 1280x800. i was wondering. does anyone know, if it's just a matter of getting even higher resolution displays, or is there another issue? is this the major drawback to this technology, that there may not be a solution to the screendoor effect?
arrived a day ahead of schedule here! can't wait to test it, unfortunately i'm vacationing in another country at the moment, fortunately i told my brother to accept the package from the kind ups postman and it's waiting for me on my dining table ;-)
it just arrived :d. two days ahead of schedule :d
the order numbers don't matter.
tcpip2k: nice to know.  you are the first number higher than mine that i have seen get one.  i'm number 97xx, and i live less than 500 miles from the shipping point, so hopefully i will get mine soon.  site currently says "processing", but do most people actually get any shipping info before receiving their rift.
now that almost all the dev kits are out, i would love some info on the consumer version (or the potential version 2 dev kit). just sitting here waiting for a chance to pre-order the consumer version =)
@daniel: what purpose would that serve? does it even matter at this stage?
i think putting the order numbers is kind of useless. we should put the order dates
reiceived my rift 10 hours ago! #98xx in germany. happy times 8-)
old meme: yes, but can it run crysis. new: yes, but does it have rift support?
grr. mine is still on processing, since last thursday, ordered aug. 29.
finally got my devkit! wow...mind kaboom! congrats oculus on shipping most of the devkits. respect! hl2 is awesome (and scary) in vr. working on my vr-legs slowly but steady. position tracking would be cool but less of a requirement than earlier anticipated. i'm definitely porting my existing games (and new ones) to vr. thank you oculus!
oh wednesday, why so far away? so close yet feels so distant.
hey guys! we were blown back by the dev kit, and let me tell you...it's well worth the wait! it's so weird how much more of an experience you get. it took us about 3 seconds to decide to make a game for it (look for 'world of diving' on indiegogo ;)...anyone else started developing yet?
got my tracking information today - and the delivery was actually today too. going to pick it up at ups in an hour, as i've missed the delivery. i guess the tracking mail went by boat? ;) need timemachine....can't wait another hour.... :d 75xx, germany
order 8069 to houston, tx. shipped out last night. target arrival date 5/28.
@daniel vazquez i got an email telling me it was about to ship and is "processing", 1 week later it was delivered to uk.  the day after it was delivered i got a 'shipping notification' ;-)
minnesota
@joseph: where are you located?
#87xx
@joseph what's your order number?
just got my shipping email!!! my rift will arrive on weds!!!
@gary thank you.
i didn't revive any shipping info, still on processing.
@martin, did you go from processing to being surprised by the delivery, or did you receive the shipping information a couple days in advance?
it's arrived! uk order 67xx! it's gonna be a long day at work!
89xx received in uk today!
ok thanks
in an email from customer support. i didnt even ask them that question, but thats what they resonded with. my question was actually, where do the units ship from, but they would not answer. someone told me it was from santa ana, ca, but im thinking they might be confused with the carrier, which i believe is ups.
@ daniel vazquez  did oculus say to you that they will ship this week in an email or did you read it somewhere online? (im just curious) thanks
ive been "processing" since last thursday? but, since they mentioned they ship in batches, i think we will all be "shipped" at tge same time? i was told this week, so maybe delivery next monday?
woot, finally "processing".  i hope that means end of the week, but i suspect i will be waiting until next week. order number 97xx, and i'm in the us for reference.
hmm. i think something oculus understands is that even though this initial product has been a success for them so far, they know they can't just sit back and simply make incremental improvements on the rift. once the big companies catch hold of what oculus is doing, they have the money and talent to improve on them. though i am not sure about pricing, because big companies are expensive to r&d stuff, and bring them to market. if oculus can get the rift and maybe 1 or 2 peripherials to be how gamers and developers develop and interact in vr, they can capture a lot of product adoption. right now oculus has the opportunity to shape a new market. it will be fun to see how they faire. i hope they do well. if oculus can be at the forefront of a couple products, and have them be "the way" people interact in virtual reality, similar to how the iphone became "the way" to use a phone, then they can do pretty well for a couple of years.
in terms of when something will arrive, it's silly to use the word "soon". what does that mean? we will put a man on mars, "soon". the consumer rift will arrive "soon". it means nothing without context. at least put a window. like this week, or next week. hmm, pretty awesome the talent they are reeling in for this. seems almost like too much talent for what the rift is. i mean, i am not privy to what secret stuff they are working on, but the actual oculus rift isn't a complex piece of equipment. the fact that they hired a robotics engineer looks really interesting. looks like we will be getting some sort of virtual appendages or something in the future.
@vasquez i'm pretty sure palmer said there won't be a dev 2 kit. i haven't tried the sony personally but i've read a lot on it and wouldn't spend $800 on that piece. ..still processing :/
@oculus i am saving my $25 oculus credit to get a discount on the retail product or the version 2 dev kit that was leaked in the presentation. you better let me use it for that. :)
@econik lol. given how many false prophets vr has had, i felt the same way. the push factor for me was the cost and fov vs other solutions like the sony hmd with it's like 30ish fov. i know it isn't vr, but i remember using it at the sony store and thinking, no way would i ever spend $800 on this thing.
@vasquez yea, i ordered it like an hour before it went down, maybe less. i still remember that feeling.."ok, i'm doing it!" i just needed time to push me over.
if you think we have it bad waiting this last final week. i noticed on the oculus website that if you pre order today, your rift delivery is expected in august. lol. doing some extremely rough math, that comes out to like 20,000 rifts sold outside the kickstarter. i wonder if they would share how many total sales they've had.
@econik wow. 1001x. i think i ordered mine like a day or two before the end of the kickstarter and i was 89xx. did you order yours like at the last hour of the last day?
my order number is 1001x and i got an email at 4:35 pm monday saying my order is about to go into processing. hopefully, it ships today and i receive friday. however, i somehow doubt my magic beans contain such power. happy to have received that email though!
@alex i never even thought about that. anyone care to comment on that? i hope the lenses are larger as well. from this video, they look pretty small. http://www.youtube.com/watch… hmm. it would have made sense to use bigger given the bigger screen? oh well.
@vazquez: yes, i've been wondering if the hype was too much, but it doesn't seem to be having a negative effect given the positive response by developers and non-developers alike. i created an fov2go using a galaxy sii last year. i still don't have my rift yet, so i'm curious as to how much better the experience will be compared to the fov2go. i'm expecting only a slightly better experience, and i mean that in a positive way because i thought the fov2go was really cool. i viewed sbs videos on youtube and the 3d was so cool, and for some videos the immersion was pretty good. can anyone with a rift measure the diameter of the lenses in inches? i'm wondering because i saw in the kickstarter video that palmer was using something that looks alot like the 1.5 inch sv-2lpled lens (http://www.magnifiersbooklightsandmore.com/product-p/046876999918.htm) for the prototype he builds in the video (which i also used for my fov2go). i'm hoping they are at minimum 2-inches in diameter because one of the problems i had with fov2go was that while looking through the lens, i could still see the edges of the circular holes that held the lens in place, which detracted greatly from the immersion.
@andrew. so when i said no other details, i meant it (kidding). @joseph. it was a response from a real person. i think it sounds like they are going to ship the remainder of them all together. because my order was 89xx, jon hancock is  97xx, and they said they only had 1500 left to go. and they said they were shipping around that many each week. so it would make sense to ship the remainder all at once. in conclusion, the remainder of the rifts will ship this week. i noticed someone was in the 98xx range, so i'm guessing tomorrow or wednesday they can probably finish up all the processing. and then ship. that's my guess, anyway. grr. i wanted it before the weekend and holiday.
@joseph hougg: lol @ auto generated, i wouldn't actually blame them for doing that at this point. i'm sure they receive a few hundred e-mails a week from people asking them when they'll get theirs. @daniel: so was that in reference to the remainder of the kickstarters or a portion of them?
just received "processing" email. order id: 0097xx
@daniel: was the email a response or auto generated?
i got an email saying they will ship this week, but no other details.
you know, i've read so much hype about the rift. it's like at insane levels at this point. ever since carmack made that comment. is it me, or is the hype a bit too over-the-top for what this device is. lol, you can experience similar to the oculus rift right now, if you are willing to spend $12 on magnified lenses, and assuming you already have a smart phone. i did, and i was watching some "3d" videos on youtube, and i even tried the android version of minecraft, though i could only use one magnifying glass, cuz minecraft doesn't have a stereo option yet for the android version. anyway, all the oculus is, really is magnifying a screen. the only relatively technical part of the rift, is the headtracker sensor, and driver/implemenation. but, if you want to experience what the rift will be like right now, just load the fov2go demo, with your lenses. watching the youtube video of the guy flying some sort of toy helicopter through the park was pretty cool. the branches and trees, all felt like they were popping out at me. the screen door effect was certainly in effect, even on my 1920x1080p 5.5" phone. i tried both an optimus g pro which has a lcd screen (1080p, 5.5" and a galaxy note 2 with its amoled screen (720p, 5.5" ). the most interesting part about it (and this is due to my ignorance on how the eye/optics) is how you can put a magnifying glass to your eye, and suddenly you can focus on a screen literally inches from your face with complete clarify. that is amazing. i hope it's true that looking through a lense makes it feel like you are staring into the distance, and thus reduces, or eliminates the eye strain of staring at a screen.
@xskychainx it took 37hours from door to door to sweden when i got mine month ago. super fast really.
@daniel vazquez  hi daniel, i wear glasses and sometimes feel queasy when reading a while in the car.
i was just wondering what day of the week does each batch get shipped? they said that my rift is in the next batch. are the shipping dates different for each country? sorry if this is a dumb question btw
@håkon høgstad it worked out of the box on windows 7 for me.  i actually 'upgraded' from windows 8 to 7 to get better performance out of the oculus rift.  win 8 add latency apparently (and in experience).  the second thing i need to buy is a dvi splitter, since the mirror view in the video card seem to add latency also.
56xx received, transmission started! awesome!!! for people with sensor not being detected, it's a windows usb issue, incompatibility issues with older usb drivers installed, giving it a "driver unknown" in the device manager, if you see this, uninstall the driver, turn off headset, unplug, and re-plug everything back on. hopefully, you made the right move by buying windows 8, if you haven't, good luck getting the drivers to correct themselves in win7.
86xx in sweden "about to ship"! finally! :d anyone in sweden know about how long until it arrives once shipped?
86xx in sweden "about to ship"! finally! :d anyone in sweden know about how long until it arrives once shipped?
95xx in the uk here, and just got the "about to ship" notification (left it a bit late!) anyone in the uk know how long it usually takes from that notification to arriving?
@daniel the distribution center is in santa ana, ca. my friend got his from there and i got my t-shirt and poster from there (shipped to long beach).
okay, so i bought two of the lenses used on diy rift projects, and i watched some rift videos on youtube, and played some minecraft on my 5.5" 1080p phone. i must say that the screen door effect is very prominent on the vidoes and in minecraft. having said that, the sense of scale, and the 3d-ness (if you will) of the environment was very noticeable. i mean the branches looked 3d in the youtube video, but i was just watching a 2d video, and all i was doing was holding the two lenses on my eyes. was that stereo 3d, or not. because it felt like stereo 3d, but i thought you needed special glasses and 120hz 3d screen for that. anyway, it was a pleasant surprise. the weird part was moving my eyes away from the lenses. my eyes get confused, if i do that. instead, i found closing my eyes when i am done watching a video, and then lifting my head to an upright position and opening my eyes a lot easier on them.
same, come to my rifts.
just got an update will be processing soon:)
88xx and processing :)
order 73xx now processing!
yeah brilliant, i'm 67xx and still no processing!
@taylor i wonder who will get his first? i am in los angeles. i wonder where their distribution center is.
good to hear we are getting close to the 9000 orders.  i'm number 97xx, so i still have a ways to go, but i'm within spitting distance of their headquarters, so hopefully that will help.
8069 processing to houston, texas
it's actually a very nice system. it tells you 24 hours in advance that your order will ship within 24 hours, so it asks you to make any last minute changes to your shipping address if you need to. i am assuming my status should be changed to processed/shipped by around noon today, given i received the email yesterday around 11am telling me my order was being prepared for shipment.
@michael you get an email.
my order number is 89xx and i got my confimation yesterday. i think it's important to understand that besides order number, it makes more sense logistically to ship my location i think. so, i imagine it's tough for them to try to ship exactly by order number, so some people will get theirs a little later, and some a little sooner. it's just the nature of logistics. otherwise things would be shipped out even slower.
@joseph houff  did you get an email saying that your order status went into processing or did you check the order status manually?
@stephen wills does anything else make you queasy besides the rift? do you wear glasses? i can't imagine having any issue wearing the rift, but then again, i've never used anything like this before. @charles hays,when did you order yours? what is your order number?
@roger: my order number is 083xx........that seems weird your still on ready. yours should change pretty quick! so close!!!
im on order no 8049 still on ready also
we're up to 08xxx now? great! i'm on 082xx but still only ready.
how's everyone's stamina? mine's about ten to twenty minutes playing half life 2 before i start getting very queasy.
it's finally happening. got the e-mail today "your oculus order is about to ship?". order number 72xx  :d
woohoo!! mine just got marked processing!!!  08xxx order number!
still waiting on our two units, what gives?
i hear there is another shipping update coming soon!
@daniel vazquez  not strictly issues but i'll have to learn how to properly use all the options, because for example while in the tuscany demo i get good focus, in others is hard to focus or i get a blurry image, also putting the oculus a few mm down, up, to the left etc.. can mean to go from being in focus to totally blurry, at least for me (and each time you put it on your head the position is not exactly the same)
oculus rift arrived in russia.
what issues have you been having calibrating?
@daniel vazquez   i'm still trying to get used and calibrating the device for my eyes but i have tried a little teamfortress2 with an ati 5770 and seems to be enough, 70-120fps average (8x aa, 8x af, textures high etc), cpu is amd fx 8350, you should be pretty fine with your ati i think.
for those who have received their rift's. can you comment on performance, framerate, and the impact on the experience. i'm curious to know whether i should upgrade my video card. i currently have a amd phenom ii 945 @3.0ghz and a radeon 6850. also, is the 3d stereoscopic stuff look good in vr? i really don't care for it on a 2d screen. is it easy to turn off to gain framerate?
49xx  just received in south spain! :d
@gary plane:  good to know, thanks for the info.
got it an hour ago! gotta say, looks damn good. thanks oculus!
sweet mine shipped saturday, cannot wait! thanks again
nvm last comment - tshirt and similar, i guess.  i suppose that ships from somewhere else.  well done, guys!
mine arrived friday (canberra au)  - it said 'partially delivered' - what else can i expect?
46xx, in norway will arrive on monday too!
nr 50**, in sweden, arriving on monday according to ups !
hey, i'm on 67xx and still on ready. contacted oculus and they said every kickstarter backer will be shipped by end of may.
lol, nevermind forget my last comment. i just seen a dude on mtbs with order #5 whose status just went to processing. i feel sorry for that brotha. my desire pangs are nothing.
i don't know if its worth mentioning but im at order 8049 and its still on ready
is anyone with the 67xx range that is still on ready? i keep seeing 7xxx, and a few 9xxx orders being processed and shipped out to overseas and u.s. recipients. i feel like my order somehow got skipped.
minecraft lovers,rejoice! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
alright, got an email from ups today. my oculus rift is currently in tamworth, uk. estimated delivery 21.05.2013 :d
got mine in the uk yesterday morning.  wohoo!
order 656# just got my rift today
i can't wait to get mine, but my order number is 97xx.  i regret not backing the first day of the kickstarter when i originally saw the porject instead of waiting untill the second to last.  i'm in the us though, so hopefully that will help.
just got mine through! now im excited!!!!
race you both to get it? xp
@troubledimp, ditto, order 5230 here in uk, order information site is down for maintanance at moment so hopefully this batch is allready on its way to us! :d
@troubledimp: my order is also going out in the next batch.order id 63** :d
my order is going out in the next batch any idea when that is?
jeah...98xx and in germany... not gonna happen for a while. i guess mid - end of june for me.
i wanna know if i pre-order an oculus from the oculus homepage, what kind of time should i expect it  to be delivered? i want to get one for my cousin, before his birthday in december.
received it ! order id 500x received february 3 in canada, montreal.  no duty fees ? sweet :) i must say, i'm a bit disappointed right now...  downloading windows 7 instead of win 8 so i can disable the aero interface and recuperate the frame rate... also, duplicating the video output on my nvidia card seem to not be great neither, so i'm going to go buy a dvi duplicator and hope that does a better job.
uk.  #602x august the 7th order.  'about to ship' go a check your details email. typically i have a hectic job on until tuesday!
got my rift, guys! wicked sick! lovin' it, totally the future, bros.
got mine in malaysia yesterday... tried it out with half life 2 and portal 2... holy smokes its amazing
my reward got delivered just now, #60xx in perth.au, damn, my pc is still packed away after moving :-(
i can easily see the screen door and even the sub pixels in places like the sky in tuscany but i don't see it as a problem like some people make out. no trouble with the tracking can't notice any lag at all, only tired it with tuscany, oculus room and first law atm though.
got mine today brisbane australia order #55xx having trouble finding linux demos anyone know of any that exist yet? i tried it on a slower windows pc the screendoor effect is very noticeable and there is input lag with the head tracking. even with those issues the rift was definitely worth the 300bucks
usa,east coast.
i just received my rift, i was order number 4105.
newcastle australia just arrived.
@ryan: i placed my order on aug.3(order 46xx) my status is still "ready" but since 4xxx started receiving their kits, we will probably get ours in the next 1-2-3 weeks.
got a email from work, its just arrived. new zealand :)  order 2633.  gotta go....
my rift no. 31xx arrived in germany on friday (three days earlier than scheduled by ups). i showed it to about 30 workmates at our studio today and everybody love it. some experienced some mild nausea, some wanted to use it again and again. everybody noticed the low resolution (which is very low). but despite the low resolution, we all are impressed by the intensity of the immersion. while some seriously consider buying the consumer version, one of my colleagues spontaneously ordered the devkit. ;) for all european backers: ups did not take any money for taxes or any import duties. using the fulfillment center was not only a great idea to save transportation costs but also to save us a lot of money in taxes and import duties (plus time spent in the customs office). the build-quality of the rift is great. it looks cool, it is robust and lightweight at the same time. even after using it for hours it did not get hot. connecting and configuring could not be easier - true plug and play. i had some minor issues with the tuscany demo at first (black screen) before learning that the rift needs to be primary display. the udk integration is great too - this will definetely be my tool of choice (especially after the unity-pro-debacle). honestly, i'm deeply impressed by what the oculus team achieved in such a short time - and it was well worth the wait and money spent. thanks guys!
received my devkit today (order #4xxx) in germany
@ryan go to https://www.oculusvr.com/sales/ and enter your email you used and it will send you a link to the page with all your order details
how do you guys know your order number. i really expected to have mine by now because i backed on august 4th.
wow! she is really into it! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
500x here (canada), and no tracking order on my order yet !  good to know that ppl in the 41xx getting them... i hope the next shipment arrive soon !
order number 8xxxx wonder if may is my month!
@oculus. just a humble suggestion: since the order status is not very useful regarding when one can expect the rift arrival, would it be possible to issue a weekly spreadsheet list of order numbers that are going to be processed by your fulfillment centers that week?
i'm in order 9000's and i got mine! hah! april fool!
any australians got there's yet?
yea mine just arrived! rushing home from work now. i'm located in ireland no import charges and order number 004xxx
i'm order number 41xx and i am getting more and more excited now! (in the us so hope its on its way)
@baxter888 https://www.oculusvr.com/sales/ c'mon you low 6000's :)
any update on the switzerland shipment? where can i find my orderno?
any update on the asian shipment?
just had confirmation our rifts will be delivered tomorrow. order numbers #1800's, the netherlands.
the same like me. my orderno. is 004xxx.
my orderno. is 0031xx and it just entered germany (after entering the eu via uk). it is scheduled to be delivered on monday by ups. did any of the european backers have to pay anything to the courier such as taxes or import duties?
@prowlmedia i was order #2021. i hope you get yours soon too :)
oh yes osx support for the sdk and unity!!!!! whoop! now can you please send me my rift.  ta.
@ mike - frickin' ups! i was once left a card, "left in storage box outside"... it was a wheelie bin!!!!!!!!  and get this... it was 2(!) iphones! they left £1200 of stuff in a bin... incredible. at least there was no import duty. and can i ask what order number(ish) you are?
uk update: just got home to a ups card through my door. no shipping email or update on my order. it was left in my green recycling bin outside :) no import duty as shipped from within the uk!
@ y'all , dan and my growing scandewegian  following . order 2705 , i have just received a ups info notice ,going to collect the parcel myself later today . i would say if you had your order showing up as processing , it is in fact on its way or sitting in a pallet on it's way. no charges or taxes. there was no email from ups by the way as they say with standard delivery they do not give you prior notification, which means oculus vr cannot update you to shipped in the eu until after the delivery is signed for by you. not their fault this is the ups standard..naturally i gave them some of my classic feedback (sans hip hop) ..of course if it turns to be a pair of shoes i will definitely building my own rift out of them . so eu oculus fans , you too my non eu nordic brethren (hej) it will not be long before we step into the game ...oh the humanity.. time to crack open a can of pickled herrings and toast her majesty .. tally ho .. vr  chaps and chappesses
@bumblebee, i see. some oculus related things just can't be explained. you can send them an email and you probably receive answer soon but not very specific i guess.
... i meant @martinp
@daniel vazquez ... i live in south pasadena!
@desmond yeah, that's what i am saying. since oculus doesn't tend to be very good about admitting stuff, i thought i would figure it out myself, before getting another surprise. so yeah, i see some backers not getting their kits until july, or august. having said that, i am okay with that. i just wish they chose honesty for a change. just admit when they are wrong, give us an update, and move on.
palmer said that on reddit if i remember correctly. and it was actually something like 'all orders made before april will have their kit by the end of may'. so around 10k units in around a month. not very credible.
@bumblebee, it is nothing new if you are outside of americas. the oversea shipments generally have lower priority.
@stephan g i'm feeling very relaxed. just curious though, so your comment about all the rifts being delivered in may was just made up, right? you can just mention where you saw it, i was not asking for you to find the link.
i don't understand. i pledge for the "early rift developer kit". that pledge is for the first 1654 kits... and some how i am not among the first 2000 kits?
@daniel  i am to lazy. why can't you chill out and wait till the kit arrive? you will not make it arrive faster.
@stephan g would you mind directing me to where palmer said that?
@daniel vazquez yes you are missing something. the first shipment to from china to oculus was only 2000 kits because they wanted to get some out before the gdc. the next shipment is greater than 2000 kits. palmer told us that they are still on track to get all kickstarter-kits out in may.
@peter @thomas - did you guys have to pay for vat/customs?
much like thomas, i got mine yesterday after 4 days in transit. / #180, europe, sweden.
#001180, in europe - received yesterday, in total 4 days to sweden.
received my devkit today (order #129), thanks oculus team! on the sales page my order is still shown as "processing"
nevermind, it's worse than that. okay so 1850 shipped, and about 2000 per month. april - 3850 may - 5850 june - 7850 july - 9850 is that about right, or am i missing something?
so june, or august will be when all the dev kits will go out, right? according to their latest shipping update.
excuse my douchiness :) didnt see the report about the new one. my bad!
just one tiny tincy little detail there mr.norway. the earthquake was in the sichuan province. oculus manufacturing line is hong kong. and you know what? those places are no way near each other. so how about we just take a quick peek on a map before we start spreading false rumours? sound good?
people, good news! thanks to the earthquake in china, this past week, the whole production line has being thrown into total disaster, so expect six to one year to get things back in order. now, you have reasons to get mad but, at the world! enjoy!
at last processing to australia has started 0043##.
come on oculus, take my 25 bucks from "oculus credit" and send the unit faster!
lol  # 6201  in montréal   still no tracking  no eta only order ready
troubledimp - it can stay for longer than a month in processing state.
while i am waiting to get my hands on my rift, i stumbled across this project: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/codelabs/duo-the-worlds-first-diy-3d-sensor what do you guys think?
in case there are any other asia/oceania people like myself who don't check their email every day, this was sent 2 days ago. "we're about to ship a significant portion of our asia & oceania orders, and we've received word from our new asia & oceania fulfillment center that phone numbers are now required for delivery. if you're receiving this email, please take a moment to add a valid telephone number and review your shipping address by visiting www.oculusvr.com/sales. if we don't have a valid telephone number and shipping address when your order is ready to ship, your shipment may be delayed." so hop to it so you don't risk any further delays
how dos the order status: work with this? i just had my status change from ready to proccesing are there many more steps after that?
i don't get how the shipping works. my order number is #7417 (canada) with an eta ship date of either april 19 or may 3, but a user in montreal has #9638 and they received theirs already? what's the deal with these numbers?
interesting kickstarter project that will be compatible with the rift! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/krillbite/among-the-sleep/
when you look at order status at https://www.oculusvr.com/sales/ after you login you should see an order # at the top corner. thanks. how is it?
jordan i'm not sure - where exactly would i find that number? i just know that i ordered on august 1.
avi, what order #/backer # are you?
so i called fedex, turns out its not from oculus (or ouya) and instead is a pair of shoes for my son that my wife ordered.  excitement level completely disappeared :(
just got mine! i ordered on august 1st and it arrived in nyc. it took a little troubleshooting to setup (and so far i only have the tuskany demo working correctly - having some trouble with the unreal demo), but this is truly an amazing experience. i can't wait until the consumer version is ready.
@ jordan newman to be honest i dont know how it works either perhaps you should email oculus support
so does that mean that the us orders are shipping fedex from los angeles?  between oculus and ouya and a few other kickstarters projects all shipping around the same time, i am having trouble remembering which shipping information is from which projects update.
@michael lenehan - the oculus order form page says that i am around # 6000.  i think someone said that correlates directly with backer # is that correct?
@ jordan newman what backer number are you im in the 8000s i guess i wont get mine for a while :(
are the us shipments shipping out of los angeles? i just got a call from fedex about a delivery coming from la tomorrow...
hi andres, can be true, we are just a small number of backers. nevertheless, looks like backer number is not valid anymore.
i'm also from switzerland and i think they leave switzerland for later as we're not part of eu and need special treatment (and costs) for shipment. also we're probably just a small number of backers.
my order is #000129, 1 2 9 ! i'm in switzerland, no tracking number or no information when i can expect devkit to be shipped. it is a serious issue, oculus, why do you postprone shipment to certain countries? are you able to ship to non eu countries at all, for the shipment price you stated?
#001180, in europe - no tracking code yet.
#2726 and in canada and i got my tracking number today
oh yeah, i'm in ohio.  in case someone was wondering us or international.
order 002064 and also received my tracking number today. should be there tomorrow :)
i'm order number 2706 and just received my tracking number.  will have it thursday!
according to oculus support, there will be no version 2 of the developer kit?
that video of the grandma is just the most adorable thing i ever saw! haha..  so sweet
90 year old grandma's reaction to oculus rift: http://kotaku.com/the-sweetest-thing-youll-see-today-is-a-90-year-old-gr-472924742
@oculus thanks - that makes perfect sense.  it's something that those of us without experience of fulfilment logistics might not have realised.  thanks for the update!
a little math game: 1250*4=5000, but 1800/4=450 now, pay attention... you have to take this 450 and make me believe is 1250. c'mon, it would be fun! and especially *good* news. ptsé!
so with order id 19x, it seems i got bumped 1650ish positions (ouch!), and i might not even be in the next batch... was thinking it might be related to the fact that i live in one of the smaller countries in europe, but that cant be since at least one has been shipped here (source, mtbs3d forum).
@albert soler we are still shipping by backer number, but we have to split it up by international batch.  that means that some people will get bumped up the shipping list if they happen to fall into a country that is getting fulfilled right now, and some people will get bumped down if they are in a country getting fulfilled in a later batch.  it is logistically impossible to ship in exact order unless we wait a couple months and ship every unit at roughly the same time!  that would only slow things down for everyone. -palmer
check out the oculus rift running skyrim. i hope todd howard and bethesda officially supports the rift for future elder scrolls games. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
are they now emailing us a tracking number when they ship? i'm around order/backer 2800 so i do expect it to ship soon, but i hate it when things just suddenly arrive with no notice. that's been pretty much the case for every kickstarter i've backed.
while emotions may be running high, it does look like some legit points have been raised.  anecdotally it would seem that orders are not being shipped on a 'first come, first served' basis, something oculus could have communicated a bit more clearly.
to save people the research, in case they want to follow up on the troll below: the zeiss cinemizer oled has a fov of 30° and costs $800.
the gallery six elements just reached their funding goal! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/494598080/the-gallery-six-elements/posts/453497 can we help them reach 90k? or even moar, 140k!? xd give vr a home people! :)
:) hehe was already thinking buying someone :) was a bit strange.. please don't call my requests for information 'hate campain' because really i totaly understand what an extraordinary feed the guys from oculus archived already. but that doesn't change the fact that for me at least part of kickstarter is keeping your audience uptodate on things happening. even if things don't go the way they where planned. i will stay oculus vr fan anyway trust me :)
#correction someone to something. not a people dealer. thank you!
people need to take it easy. we all understand how the mail works, it's slow, and very unificient. if you want to complain about it, write a letter to your government about the absurd shipping costs. or tell the oculus company you want to pay the 120+ dollars for shipping. i bought someone from the us, 3 weeks ago, it doesn't even weigh more than 300 grams, and i still haven't got it, living in europe by the by. for people thinking people haven't got their rift, like mr. jack ash thegameveda, creating hate propaganda because he was day 1# backer and hasn't received his, get over yourself, and start acting like a human being. 5 people have being selling their rift on ebay, so go there and bid!
you know there is an 'enter' key on your keyboard right?
@ daniel this $2,437,429 of public money and it is high time someone took notice . i believe i covered the salient points in more than adequate detail in prior posts . and i do not consider the present state of affairs is anything like the image that oculus vr want to project or can afford to continue to project if they are going to transform into a commercial company one that has proper customer and backer respect.  when people put millions into that oculus vr .. and a year down the line they are still acting in the same manner that will be the end of oculus vr ..unless of course they change, yes it is very difficult to launch a company in this economic and competitive climate , i explained and covered this in great detail , not for my benefit but theirs. oh they do care , without naming names , they do care ,even respond personally . the solution to their current problems lies in solving their current problems , be it the multi forum and media hype around the rift , or the current lack of information and  faliure to deliver . . if you have slightest disrespect for your customer or your backer or you get personally involved in some flame war then you are not a viable business you are a multiforum troll army , exploited by the industry luminaries desperate to get a shoe in the door of the coming vr revolution ..  of course as i stated in my latest post on the rift i could be wrong and next week i will be experiencing virtual reality ...when my day 1 rift is wrenched out of some celebs hands and delivered ...to me ..who like 9522 others made all this possible  and it is high time some one spoke out for the backers who made your comments and mine and this as yet phantom oculus rift dev kit revision 1 of 2 possible
@ palmer the zeiss cinemizer oled headtracker prototype i have been testing and we riffed about an age ago , is out now as a commercial product  http://tinyurl.com/cvvf2wk  with both drift free mouse emulation and dof axes and a free sdk to develop if you need.as i discussed with you there is an awesome cryengine 3 demo also using locomotion controls. as i have shown over the last 3 months of testing it it has out of the box compatibility with every pc game ,latency free to the user ,  compatibility every ps3 , xbox 360 and even ps1 and ps2 games and combine headtracking , kinect voice recog , leap motion and legacy control with like so ... you can check the entire  6 month long coverage here http://tinyurl.com/ce8ra35 . you can also check my year long coverage of the smd st1080 here http://tinyurl.com/cemkm3z . i cannot wait to combine the zeiss headtracker and usage data i have gleaned over 2 years now to develop for the rift. hopefully you have seen the wisdom of critical feedback since we last riffed on this forum. looking at level intelligence of some of the comments i can understand wholeheartedly why you are no on here every day but it is 9 months now , people have legitimate questions re the whole ethos of kickstarter and oculus vr . more updates about updates are not necessary , this is time for oculus vr to deliver . as a day 1 backers or backer no. 9999 we should not reading or watching videos of the coders of minecraft or bioshock infinite receiving their rifts  , or developer x testing it out ..when it is our money that paid for that rift ..take antoine below he is number 21 ... yet over at mojang their jamming with their rift now...was that his ? this is not conspiracy ..this is real fact i left out many names from my last article out of respect for those people , but clearly , friends, pre kickstarter forum members and industry luminaries have rifts in large numbers. large numbers that should be rift backers , almost 3000 of which are day 1 backers. this experience has been distressful and inspirational, there are lot of people out there now wondering if they could and can do a better job of it and the answer is a resounding yes we can! i look forward to that hmd vs hmd game of hawken with you some time who knows maybe at e3 this year then we can really test which form of headtracking is most effective for gaming and compare smaller fov hmds vs  wide fov hmds like the rift prototype , hopefully by then the list of friends and industry luminaries will have received their rifts and you may even have delivered mine as day 1 backer ... of course i still have sneaky feeling jimmy fallon got mine .. more to follow @ thegameveda  nameste to you in the game ..
@daniel vazquez: the whole point i'am asking for some info is that as far as i know they haven't started shipping.. mayb to some friends and major sites but i'am order number 21 and nothing happened... so mayb they shipped 20 units... already mailed them.. same general answer 'we are shipping bla bla....' :) but how can it be that such an early order is not shipped then? and again as i put in almost every post. a delay is no problem at all but keep us in the loop please.. this silence is just stupid. the way it now goes is that in about 2 / 3 weeks. its may and they put a kickstarter update up telling they did not make it and start shipping soon. i know the whole point of kickstarter is that you don't order a ready product but support a startup. but another point of kickstarter is keeping your backers in the loop via updates.
don't you guys see? you must work for oculus. how else could you have an opinion that differs from veda's?
@thegameveda get lost. you know what you were getting into when you backed this. you are making an investment to help start someones idea, it may or may not workout. the are always hurdles to jump over on anything new that is done. if you would spend as much time sitting back and catching your breath as you are wining you may realize that they are doing the best that they can. so sit back, be patient and your oculus rift will come.
hark unto me and listen! i am a witness bringing dark tidings from the future! oculus hath taken over the world and turned all of california into? a giant server farm. reality is but a myth and myth is reality! take heed heathen! guardeth thine eyes! for the rift........is coming!!!!
@thegameveda i read some of the things on your site and i dare say you have a view of the world that does not match reality. walled garden? lol. this is a company trying to make a profit. anyway, it seems you have maybe too much time on your hands. instead of attacking a company, or founders of a company, maybe you can try to create your own company, and see what sort of issues you run into. it's not as easy as you think. and your emotions may get the best of you sometimes during that process. starting a company is not just hard work. it impacts you both emotionally, and physically. and you will make a lot of mistakes in the process. maybe even lash out at people at times. we are human, we make mistakes so, maybe you can calm down a bit, and cut oculus some slack. you have the right to complain all you want, and find faults in many areas of oculus' conduct. and you may even be right. but you know what? it doesn't matter. that is the important part. do you get that? it doesn't matter. this isn't some cheated presidential election, or anyting like that. it's just a set of vr goggles. so, no conspiracy you come up with will ever matter. and rightfully so. it may take time for you to come to grips with that. it will probably happen when something else comes up to take up your time. all i'm suggesting is you can get there faster by realizing that. and maybe even close your silly site, though i'm guessing you aren't embarrassed by it just yet.
orders are being shipped. please give us about a month to get all the orders out. in the mean time, please be patient. that's all they are going to tell you. why do people keep asking about the status. what do you expect them to tell you? do you want a package by package announcement? there is no secret. shipping a product in large quantities takes time. give them a break, they aren't amazon. just a small company trying to mail you a package.
will we get some sort of update soon considering they said that they are ramping up european deliveries by the end of this week.
@oculus; again, you guys really should amp on the frequency at which you release updates. we all understand that you guys are hard at work. but its been two weeks since you started shipping and we all just want to know how things are going.
i am an august 1st backer and my has been sitting in "processing for shipping" for about 2-3 weeks. i live in the midwest. so, international backers you are not alone! has anyone used the 3d drivers that allow you to play skyrim in this? is that a good experience?
linus, im in the 1200s and still holding on "processing" right now.
the last comment i saw on delivery from any one at oculus, was from nate over on the developer forums , something along the lines of ramping up delivery to europe towards the end of this week . it's been almost 9 months now since we all backed this, i have been insulted , across forums and by the founder ( who bravely apologised in private) ,had my blog attacked and now i can see people finally waking up to what i was picking up on a few months ago ... here is my take on it http://the-games-veda.blogspot.co.uk/2013/04/a-funny-thing-happened-on-way-to-oculus.html ..it's a lengthy read but hey it's seems we oculus rift kickstarter backers ..have time on our hands .. also why not check out crysis 3 played in 1080p 3d maxed out with headtracking ..here http://the-games-veda.blogspot.co.uk/2013/04/preparing-for-vr-crysis-1080p-3d-hmd.html
sweet! the free game engine torque3d has a rift and hydra integration that you can download here: https://github.com/garagegames/torque3d/tree/development have fun guys :)
oculus,  did you succeed with "setting up a fulfillment center in europe"? and do you still have rift units in usa to send? from outside it just seems that the shipping process lost its dynamics (if there was any) thank you for keeping us informed.
how hard can it be making 'update 29' and tell us something about how shipping goes... it looks like everything is on hold for the moment...
wuha, i am in sweden and around 5000. shouldnt hold my breath i guess.... :-)
order number 198....order processing for two weeks almost.....when can i expect to get this thing....live in norway
@ daniel if you have a fever or other illness , it is likely the medication you are taking is also going to add to the nausea on top of any underlying illness.. stack up on vitamin c ..
@daniel, yes if you already feel dizzy or sick it will be worse with the rift that if you were not sick. this incluses headaches. i had a slight nauseating headache and used the rift for about 2 min and felt worse than when i wore it for almost an hour. also palmer mentioned that you shouldn't drink and use the rift either as that is really bad. i can't vouch for that one way or the other but i would imagine it is horrible to do so.
@stephen - no it is not. i did look since you mentioned it and found epic citadel in the udk available from the oculus vr development site.  for the record, just finished about 90 minutes of tf2 on my 3rd day with the rift and have experienced no nausea or uneasiness. my vr legs are in!
can anyone tell me if the epic citadel is included along with the tuscany demo? ta
so, a lot of people mention feeling sick. hmm, i wonder if actually being sick, having a fever, or sinus head ache would make that even worse.
thanks armando.  glad to hear i'll be able to get along with my 470 for now.
@jb - i've run the tuscany demo, udk sample worlds, and tf2 on an i7 with a gtx465(1gb) factory superclocked at highest settings and haven't noticed any stuttering at all apart from internet latency. get real queasy after about half an hour (up from my initial 10min) but that's getting better and i feel like i'll have my sea (or vr) legs in a few days. by the way, the logitech g930 is my audio headset and is worth it for the rift due to it having surround sound, microphone, and most importantly, is wireless.
anyone running with a modest video card ( less than a gtx 680?) any stuttering issues so far?
i get queasy within seconds... the immersion is fantastic though. i hope i can build a tolerance and of course i would like to compare the smaller screen alpha oculus where is the t-shirt :p
@desmond. you backed a veronica mars movie. you don't deserve an update (just kidding). seriously though, i don't think we need any more shipping updates. they are shipping them. given them at least a month. if you get nothing, then we can start asking for shipping updates.
linus, i'm from south padre island, texas and my order was in the 4xx range. after spending a day with the rift, i must say that team fortress 2 in vr is possibly the most fun i've had while keeping my clothes on. ;)  such an insane feeling starting the game, putting on the headset, and being transported into the game world.
armando, cool! where are you and in what range were your id?
my rift is here and it is incredible! i've shown it with the tuscan demo to about 15 co-workers and everyone was amazed. thanks so much palmer and to everyone at oculus who has made this a reality.
it seems as though they have shipped less than 1600 based on the unofficial spreadsheet
and another week without an update, without any numbers or any confirmation: how many kits are you actually shipping (real numbers for once)? how many are already shipped? how many you expect to ship this week? and the next?
@luke smith tbh he did say "he saw on a local craig's list add", local kind of gives it away. there is already a company looking into this, sfw :- http://www.sinfulrobot.com/oculus-rift.html
@adam you say that your friend saw the link on craigs list. however your profile shows you are located in reno and the craigs list entry was posted in reno, and the mock job applications location is specified as reno. you clearly made the post yourself but were ashamed to take credit for it because it isn't funny. #fail
a friend of mine just sent me this link he saw on a local craig's list add. http://reno.craigslist.org/egr/3720797945.html we all know it's only a matter of time but it's still funny.
oculus needs to hire this dude quick.  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
my guess is they aren't doing so well on shipping these bad boys, hence the silence. my order number is 10,016 i think but i bet they haven't even shipped 2,000 units yet. i am really sad. :(  sooo sad.
@oculus, i am just wondering how are (or were) things going on in china. have you ever reach the goal of 500 units per day?
tf2 hat are ready to claim on steam :p code from sale page of oculus sweet!
got my tracking info! delivery tomorrow! important. check below your address on the info page for your tracking number!!!!!! my status still says "processing" but the tracking number is way down below your address!
@jay fleming, order id: 000091, got hit for £64.69 in import duties which is a shame.
my order id is over 9800.  that plus the international shipping to europe, ... what do you guys think, when i will receive my rift? in 4-6 morew weeks? :-(
finally got my shipping/tracking information. scheduled to be delivered on tuesday the 9th, i live in chicago. i was a first day backer - order #001432. @trevor - go to your order info page and it is your order id at the top of the page.
mindrustuk, a few obvious questions...what was your order number and did you have to pay any additional import fees? enjoy getting stuck into the rift :o)
just received mine in the uk (london)
this is sad, but how do you find out your backer number?
tested do a very interesting video of their oculus rift and trying the different control modes in tf2 http://www.pcgamer.com/2013/04/03/oculus-rift-team-fortress-2/ also someone has already modded the rift to use usb as the power source http://hackaday.com/2013/04/03/powering-the-oculus-rift-with-usb/…
the engine torque 3d says that they will release a version for free that has the rift driver support. for those that are complaining that unity 4 costs 1500 $ why not try them out at http://www.garagegames.com/
the delays i honestly don't mind, but if someone could confirm if the european kits are going to ship from within europe (and hence avoid any import delays/costs) that would be very much appreciated?
@luke 002021
@mike what was your order number?
@mike, great to hear that. it is one more reason for full update since it is not in line with the information provided by nate below. (or maybe uk is not considered to be part of europe )
i'm in the uk and my order has just been updated to (processing - your order is being processed for shipping)
i really think it would deserve an extra update with proper explanation why shipping to europe starts with 14 days delay and to asia with even one month delay.
... now i just hope the packages will not be send back to asia and europe via ship ... from the business pov that would probably be the cheapest way
what is the exact reasoning behind a 'international fulfillment network'? because right now i only see the downside.. another delay...
... and i have thought there can't be another bad news (again released after bakers begging). now it just remains that the second batch will be further delayed.
tacking on an extra month for shipping to international backers is a major let down.
i bought a 7970 to power my rift. until then i'm just mining some cryptocoins to earn back my investment :)
anyone who's received one got less than a gtx 680?  pretty sure i'm going to have to upgrade my 470 to handle the rift without getting me sick, but i'd rather not spend over $400 on a new card if i can get away with a $200 card (and maybe throw in a second when prices drop from the gtx 700 release.)
"for example, this week we're working on setting up a fulfillment center in europe that should cut another week off future european delivery estimates". thats the problem. this is still a kickstarter project, until you deliver all the rewards. you continue thinking in your future clients/profit before backers. thats all. nevertheless good to hear something finally i guess, though is a new delay of at least 2weeks+shipment.
@international shipping we're still in the process of setting up our international fulfillment network. we expect to start shipping our first large batch of units to european backers toward the end of next week. asia should follow a week or two after that. to be honest, our logistics process is still in its infancy -- we're sorting out the details and optimizing as we go. for example, this week we're working on setting up a fulfillment center in europe that should cut another week off future european delivery estimates. this is what happens when you have a team of engineers leading your distribution efforts. ;-) we promise we'll get faster as we go! thanks again for your support and patience. -- nate
i think a second version of the dev kit around the end of the year or early 2014 is a must.  it will probably have the higher resolution display.  the control box will probably have hdmi pass through, which would allow to have a sensor in the headset to detect if it being wore or not, and automatically switch the video output.  those will have to be tested and integrated in game itself before the final release.  it might also have additional feature that make it less good for large scale sale, like direct eye cup replacement, as it expose the lcd display to dust which can cause high return for people trying to clean them.  there might be additional prototype stuff that they want to get more input from developers. for example, the integrated camera could be something that hope to have in standard that allow for safer usage of the headset.  and just a way to implement the leap motion tracking integrated into the headset.  so those will require lot of development to get right for a final release. but first is to get the 3d visual aspect and story board up and running with the virtual reality, and the v1 will provide this.  so they said, that it was for developer from the start... and there were good reason.  i'm not a developer per say, but having said that, i bought unity 4 before i heard of oculus rift just for fun of trying to make a game under linux.... so i'm sure i'll have a blast experimenting with the rift.
@valez i am not complaining. i am just asking the question. do you think any developers would have waited on buying the dev kit, if they knew there would be a version 2 of the dev kit coming out the same year? anyone want to posit what the version 2 will have? maybe a higher resolution screen? movement tracking? oh and it's cost?
@jaimi,unity continues to support version 3 and will support it for a long time as most game projects last years and professional development teams do not upgrade their engines mid development. this is a signifigant issue and unfortunate.
@guuy-edwards gonsalves:  it's always best to expect that someone will support the *latest* version of software on release, since most will or soon will have that version. while it sucks to have to upgrade, in the end its better for you to stay current anyway, and oculus would have to spend considerably more money supporting older, unsupported versions of software. i'm not sure how they would have announced they would support unity 4 back when this started, unless they had a crystal ball that could tell the future.
sorry for the freudian slip: kitstarter = kickstarter.
@daniel: well, it's a freaking kitstarter. kickstarting oculus made/makes the first version possible. without the first kit the second wouldn't be possible. what are you complaining about? you were willing to support oculus and receive a inferior kit to the actual first version. besides the slides showed their general business plan, nothing of that has to come true. i wouldn't bet on a (slow) release of the second version before mid to end q4/2013.
@armando are you saying a developer doesn't want to work with the highest quality dev kit available? i think a lot of people would disagree. they knew about the second version for a long time, and didn't tell us. and still haven't really, we had to peek at gdc slides to find out. :(
@daniel - if you're asking those types of questions, you may want to wait for the consumer version.
so it is official, the oculus rift will not support any pro version of unity below 4. i wish they would have mentioned this during the kickstarter back in august, seeing as unity 4 was not released until november 14 2012 and unity 3.5 was still being updated i was under the impression the unity sdk they spoke of would work with 3.5. our team is quite disappointed considering funds aren't easy to come by for smaller devs and we were not interested in updating to 4 to begin with. we feel as if we have no choice now but to upgrade if we want to continue using unity in our pipeline, which we've worked hard at getting right. it honestly feels very underhanded what has transpired. at least it's a very cool piece of tech. some seem to have found some work arounds, hope those do work well for us 3.5 ers  =)
i wonder what type of screen the second version of the developer kit will have?
there will be a version to developer kit? huh? is it too late to cancel my order, or ask my money go towards the second version?
everybody! stop what ever you're doin and read this! check out the consumer v1 rift concept! i am very impressed! notice the front looks like it has some sort of limb tracking cameras! siiiick! http://www.pcper.com/news/general-tech/gtc-2013-oculus-vr-reveals-future-oculus-rift-ecs
http://nyti.ms/14ymg83 go big!!! make news!
front page coverage in the new york time!!!
this rift + hydra demo video in the tuscany environment looks amazing. sixense says they'll be releasing it to the public! http://www.roadtovr.com/2013/03/30/gdc-2013-oculus-rift-razer-hydra-tuscany-unity-demo-4401
i don't get motion sickness normally... no problem on the sea... no problem flying ga(cessna 172).  but i do get to feel bad when i played wolfenstein 3d.  never had problem with doom, quake, or battlefield 3.  more recently, i played portal 1&2 and i felt this sickening feeling on both of them (though portal 1 was worst and i had to take long break). so i feel that there is lot to be done inside the game engine to make you feel good while playing a game and outputting the graphic correctly.  i won't put the blame on the headset until i tried lot of different sample game.
@guy - the answers you are looking for are probably better found at unity3d.com. they may have hacked in support in an internal 3.5 build for development purposes but didn't feel that they could officially support the rift until version 4. either way, you may want to contact unity directly to see what your upgrade options are.
when are we international folks going to get our units then? i was within the first 200 backers for the dev kit, so i'm guessing mine is in the post (hopefully!)  despite this my order id number doesn't match with how many were sold when i pledged. it's in the 700's rather than 100's. does the order id take account for those that didn't pledge the full amount? palmer really needs to give us more of an update than a photo of a forklift!
can no one verify that the rift will not be compatible with unity 3.5 pro ?????
@ al calavicci - as much as i was upset about the possibility of the reduced res making people sick i'm very sad to see this as the reason your are giving this up... i can tell you from experience that limiting your exposure then gradually expanding the depth of your viewing space will help you overcome that. i myself (before the multiple rifts option was available) had ordered another thru a friend in order to sell the one on ebay (by christmas) in order to off set the cost of the one i will keep. now that i have more then 1 i have been spit balling an actual game @ some point and not just my planned directed stereo experiences so ill hold on to them. to avoid this dizziness problem i suggest everyone limit their exposure and gradually go longer until you can see your limit then proceed slowly from there... i'm very excited to begin with mine and as much experience as i have with stereoscopes and the like i'm going to go in 5 minute increments until i can see my limit. best of luck to all :)
why will this not work with unity 3.x pro?? what good reason is there for that? now my small development team has no choice but to fork out another $1500 plus mobile additions for unity 4 just so i can use this? wasn't this developed using unity 3.x pro in the first place? since unity 4 came out after this kick starter? we have limited financial resources being a small indie developer, i find this to be a real kick in the teeth, as i have received no explanation as to why using this device in unity 3.x pro is impossible.
that's really lame of you @al
two units in hand on ebay @  http://www.ebay.com/itm/oculus-rift-vr-development-kit-/140944692965 http://www.ebay.com/itm/oculus-rift-vr-development-kit-/171016384434
lads n lasses who have the rift already. i read on the verge that tf2's control scheme is that rift-look controls direction and that shooting forward while looking to the right isnt doable. i know there is a lot of different control modes you can set. everyone says mouse and keyboard is counter intuitive for the rift. but i thought having the rift expand the viewing angles and allowing the head moment would still allow for present controls to feel natural (mouse keyboard). sorry i should just wait for my unit but i would love to know. already got head movement setup for my game for rift input :d
is the order number at /sales/ the same as the backer id?
check this out! this is only day 0, imaqine the coming couple of years! hopefully with skyrim or fallout. get with the program todd howard. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
thanks oculus! i'm very impressed with the dev-kit so far. plan on taking some time to learn how to adjust both the physical controls and software setup, as experimenting with different configurations will really impact your experience. if you are still waiting read the advice on http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/oculus_rift_user_guide if you are planning on trying tf2.
found the order number on the /sales web page.
i'm located in california and i received my rift about an hour ago. my backing tier is $275 unassembled, order id 836. for those who were wondering, yes the unassembled tier folks are just getting an assembled production unit. time to start hacking!
so up and running with the rift, and its great, you get over the "window screen" effect in 2 min. it does bring up some points. a, consumers are going to want higher ppi densities  b, you will notice everything that is tiny ie flying snow, leaves on trees, floor textures, faces. it makes you want to walk directly up to an npc's face and look at them, and as its in 3d you can easily see the difference between polygon counts, a low count rock looks flat and dull no matter what textures you put in top. c, a + b will cause a real reason for more powerful gpu's, thus making nvidia and amd happy, which should bolster commercial support.
how/where can i see the order number?
just got mine guys. for those obsessed with calculating when you are getting yours here's some info. i was order #000001 and got a full kit. my box says 246/300
yeeees! its coming!
where do you get the code for the oculus goggles in tf2?
reddit shows some folks getting units, looks like the low 100's so far. be nice to know how many have gone out.  word is the status on the order page didnt change, they merely received a my choice ups notification.
havent heard an update on whether you are going to hit the date of the 29th as the expectation was set?  they gonna ship or are we gonna see that 'slip a day' that palmer talked about?
@tycho schenkeveld and john hancock : oled is also expensive , to produce a single 5 or 7 inch screen would raise the cost and delay the release further. however speaking from experience (as many of you know) oled is currently the best way to experience any type of fast moving game eg fps or video that relies on any black being displayed. in existing hmds though you have heat issues and sweet spot issues at 720 p with the hmzt series, those are not present in the hmd i use most the cinemizer oled. but hmd wise oled tech is at a brick wall at the cinemizers resolution and pixel size , which i do not think oculus could have used , it works great in a twin oled screen hmd like the zeiss.. the colours and refresh rate are insane when playing something like bioshock infinite and 3d is superior to non oled hmds. palmer and co have created a starting board for vr , this is just the  beginning of a long journey , oculus  have the beginnings of a whole new tech tree with the rift  , if we and they don't manage to chop it down before it gains roots..
@tycho schenkeveld: oled is the "next best thing". the dpi, response, color, contrast and overall quality have the potential to far surpass any lcd. granted it's still a work in progress, but so is the rift.
basically the new screen feels better but looks worse. is faster wich makes it have less blur, and it has better contrast, color and brightness. i think that the problem is that is just too big, so you can see in the gdc hands-on videos more people noticing 'the grid' than with the 5.6”.
@jon hancock: why would oled be so much better? lcds are generally more colour-accurate, and the main drawback of lcd's, the limited viewing angle is irrelevant in vr use because you always look at them straight on. lcds also don't change colour over time because some colours age more than others.
@daniel vazquez:   i've noticed mention of the issues with the new screen and i must say i personally am pretty critical of lcd's in general. as for the developer's kit rift, as long as it does as i've heard and gets the job done the screen's flaws mean very little. if this screen were to be in the consumer rift, then i'd probably take issue. it's all about getting vr into the consumers hands finally and inexpensively. without dev kits getting pushed out asap, developer's wouldn't have content available readily for consumers. and about the "pushing the product to make money". i believe that was a secondary, kind of a bonus objective, for palmer. he wanted good, inexpensive vr and couldn't find it, so he started a project and it turned into the oculus rift. that is, if you believe what he says. hmm.. perhaps before too long, there will be some readily available oled screens for the rift, but you have to start somewhere!
actually, i wonder if anyone notices that they did that. the reason they used a different screen was because they just couldn't get enough supply for the original. but they didn't really mention all the negatives of the new screen. and they announced it, as if it was only an upgrade from what i remember (i think they mentioned the weight and size, because that's obvious. i hope peoaple can see that subtle difference, because i think all the people who want this to be "awesome" are also most of the people who would ingore, or glaze over stuff like that. i'm not critizing oculus for doing that because they are pushing a product to make money. i'll prob get a hateful response for that. i'm just interested in the marketing side, is all. any marketers out there? i find it fascinating.
well, technically the screen is larger, heavier and not as sharp, though they say some of the other aspects of the screen is better, so it may be a toss up. oh, they did create their own sensor. that was awesome of them to do.
il really ok with sad, davis. since the dev kit we get is alot better than the product we were originally backing.
@david, i have been wondering about that. they are clearly waiting to do the shirts until the devices are hear otherwise there is no way it would have taken them more than a month to get a shirt designed and shipped to 434 people. this is the kind of thing that really frustrates people but newer companies obviously overlook. they might try to say they wanted to save on shipping for those with combined orders but that doesn't mean they couldn't have shipped the people who just got a t-shirt. i could understand they want the final prototype image on the shirts or posters but even then they new in january what the prototypes would look like.
so with over two million raised you are unable to fulfill 434 t-shirts perk orders... promised in november its now almost april - 5 months -  now that is very sad.
neither did i, just the rift...
@olivierjt i did not order anything but the rift.
@tycho schenkeveld @ jj any of you ordered t-shirt and/or poster with the or ? i hope t-shirt and poster are not a reason for the processing order.
so some people's order statuses are already in 'processing'? mine is still on ready even though my order # is below 50.. i ordered in the first hour, was constantly f5'ing to see if the project was up on ks yet :) i'm not in the us though, maybe that has something to do with it.
also worth mentioning: "i'm david wyand, head of torque 3d development at garagegames. ask me anything about the oculus rift c++ sdk and the preview version of the rift development kit." http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/1b1smc/im_david_wyand_head_of_torque_3d_development_at/
this keeps getting better and better!
on the bright side: great *free* engines like torque3d are adding full rift support! :) http://www.garagegames.com/community/blogs/view/22225
people are already using it for ptsd therapy. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
apparently our  order number doesn't directly relate to the order they were ordered (!) :) so perhaps it's regional.
oculus is showing hawken for the first time at gdc along with a bunch of other demos. here's a video and some thoughts on the experience: http://www.roadtovr.com/2013/03/25/oculus-rift-gdc-2013-hawken-tf2-drivr-epi-4263
@desmond, my order is in 500's and it shows: "order status: processing - your order is being processed for shipping."
@desmond  they are probably bundling them together in order to ship all at once to a certain region. a smart thing to do considering you have thousands of orders to fulfill.
@oculus would you like to tell us what is the actual order in which you are finally shipping? it looks like people in the #3xxx and #4xxx have their status changed: "order status: processing - your order is being processed for shipping", and other people with lower order id doesn't. also all of these last ones seems to be outside us/canada.
currently my only windows pc is an imac running bootcamp. i'm planning to put together a new pc expressly for rift dev work. are there any hardware recommendations available?
@thegameveda: i watch two youtube videos hiphopgamer made about the rift and i think it was entertaining too. he is just so happy... i don't know your blog (i only glanced over it, but to make fun of carmack because he reminded you about a muppet was not entertaining me). however as far as i can remember oculus always advertised that for best vr we need complete vr implementations and not just mouse emulation...
cheers palmer! wish i could be there! keep up the good work!
hey everyone, sorry. we completely understand that people are upset about oculus not being integrated into unity free. the fact is, unity free lacks some of the features that rift support requires, like shaders for optical distortion, access to the hardware, and sensor data. we’d love to see a full integration with unity free in the future, but we’re not there today. so instead of leaving the first oculus developers out in the cold with a 1-month pro trial, unity stepped up and offered everyone a 4-month trial. we’re not trying to spin or hype anything. we want to empower oculus developers, and we really were excited to provide the extended trials. we know some of you are upset that we hadn’t finalized the pro requirement sooner. we’re sorry about that. we’ve been working with unity everyday to see what we can do, and we didn’t discuss unity pro trials with unity until shipping had already begun. thanks for your continued patience and support, we would never have gotten as far as we have without our community.  there is good news on the horizon, and we are excited to be showing off all our latest demos at gdc.  we hope to see some of you there! best,  palmer
getting back on track, i am really excited for gdc next week and cant wait to hear all the announcements. hopefully there will be some nice surprises!
ok, come on guys, ease off on the tgv social circle-kicking just to get your licks in. the point was made, no need to start being a band of condescending a-holes about it.
thegameveda, wow... just wow. you sir, reminded me again why i stay away from blog sites...
@thegamedeva - your going on about palmer being insulting, please link and quote the post where he is doing such a thing? from what you were saying about someone making an insulting comment then followed by one from palmer i can only gather that this is the thread you are refering to: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… in it brantlew said "bah...the kickstarter forums are weak. i noticed that thegameveda just posted his comments on the tracker update. :roll: need i say more? maybe the hip hop gamer and thegameveda can join forces to make the least insightful forum on the web." the post after it was from palmertech saying "at least hiphopgamer is entertaining! :lol:" that is the comment from palmer which you find so insulting?
thegameveda, sorry but i cant see were palmer insulted you, he answered your question about the tracker.what were you expecting?
prowlmedia, you paid 14% to receive electronic products here in brazil? i never heard of that, my wife actually did a full course on foreign commerce, cause we were thinking on going that route but as it seens, we couldnt get a profit unless importing huge quantites of a ny product.
@thegameveda what exactly is your issue? what do you want? no where in this kickstarter did it say palmer has to like you, be nice to you, or care about your feelings. if you don't like the way palmer treats you, then don't associate with him. have you never had your feelings hurt before? move on. find something more productive to do with your time. palmer can do whatever he wants with his product and company. if he did alienate himself from the "dev community" somehow, so what? he can do that if he wishes. palmer is a young guy. he is probably going to make a lot of mistakes. he is human. so who cares if he insulted anyone. enjoy the fact that he decided to make a product that you were interested in shelling out $300 for. you should grateful. otherwise you would have nothing to complain about in the first place.
and there you have it any time any one questions anything re oculus they are shut down ..be respectful and considerate .. i will wait on palmer thanks
@thegameveda i just read through all that and all the sources and bud, you come across ad nothing but psycho. just sayin' - chill.
@che as someone who has exported over 5000 led lighting kits including remotes / receivers which made them classified as computers i was charged 14%, so no idea who's screwing you over at 60-100%
@endothermic sorry should have qualified that statement. i mean they all operate similar schemes. not that the figures are the same. oddly one place aussies don't get screwed for buying something :) some places are better than others!  i could get a 10k computer as a genuine present sent by my aunt in the us and it would be import  duty free. you couldn't.
@palmer ok so i was about to comment on how we seem to be spiralling downwards as a so called dev community talking down a product before it even launches , i was about to when i posted on the mtbs3d forum after a request for one of my videos , after searching for thegameveda i came across an insulting comment that was followed by none other than our beloved palmer himself or someone calling themselves palmertech.. i would like palmer to explain why in virtual realitys name are you saying one thing to us as backers on this forum whilst insulting people like myself over on the mtbs3d forum? you can see how it affected me on my blog post entitled why is the founder of oculus rift insulting backers like me on forums?will arrogance and the vr troll army kill off palmer's and their own vr dreams ? here http://the-games-veda.blogspot.co.uk/2013/03/why-is-founder-of-oculus-rift-insulting.html . under the circumstances i expect a response from palmer on this. be respectful and considerate should apply to the founder too ,maybe you all should go checkout what the oculus staff really think of us on forums like mtbs3d.. i was going to write re how i was looking forwards to the rift and being worried about us on this forum talking down the rift or turning into trolls ..i did not expect to find young palmer doing the same on other forums ..using backer names too ..are we allowed to criticise you too
here in brazil they dont care if you bought it or someone gave to you or whatever, they tax 60 to 100 percent on eletronics.since i got 5 kits, i will be sending then to someone that works with me in miami, and she will send to me using a secret path =)
@prowlmedia - no it's not the same in australia. here anything deemed to have a value under $1000au excluding shipping will not be taxed. anything above $1000au will be taxed even if it is a bithday present from your parents overseas.
@tcpip2k - sorry to burst your bubble.  doesn't matter if it's a gift. that's a urban myth.  for the uk to qualify as a gift: 1. the customs declaration must be completed correctly 2. the gift must be sent from a private person outside the eu to a private person(s) in this country 3. there is no commercial or trade element and the gift has not been paid for either directly or indirectly by anyone in the uk 4. the gift is of an occasional nature only, for example, for a birthday or anniversary so this fails on point 2 and 3. £0.01 to £15 no customs duty no import vat £15.01 to £135 no customs duty import vat due £135.01 and greater customs duty due, but waived if the amount calculated due is less than £9 import vat due so i am afraid you will pay well presuming you are in the uk, you've not said,  i know it's the same in australia / sa / eu anyways. it's impossible for any company to be expected to work out every customs amount before entry - unless they are doing so on larger single shipments when it's paid on entry. hey, you may be lucky - sometimes i have had deliveries come straight through with out hitting customs radar, other times had to pay £30 but it's less and less as they know it's a massive money earner. all i suggest is when you get the tracking information, keep an eye on it online and you can pay the amount directly with a lot of companies and arrange the delivery date. don't wait for a letter with the charges, etc.
a gift that required payment to receive.. i know kickstarter calls these rewards, but does the customs office see it that way?
@prowlmedia : but i didn't buy the dev kit. i just donated to palmer over kickstarter. the dev kit they will send me is just a thank-you-gift. they should mark the package correctly, so when it is internationally shipped, the custom office knows that it is a gift, and not something i bought, so i won't have to pay additional taxes for receiving my gift. also customs would delay the whole thing for about 1-2 weeks for me. no matter if it is a cake, socks, baloons or a vr headset. also
@jack - it's been talked about for a long time that the optical post effects are a unity pro only thing. we were hoping it was going to be a special case and seems crazy that unity costs 5 times as much as the dev hardware... could always go the udk way and it's free until you try and sell something.  personally i prefer unity. i have the pro version on trial and am looking forward to the 4 months extra free.  then will definitely buy. kinda hope there are some discounts going by then too. unity woud be crazy not to. @tcpip2k  legally they cannot do that - you will have to pay whatever fees.  http://www.dutycalculator.com/  - if this is considered a display>games console accessory  for the uk it's about £45 + what ever shipping company seem to want to charge as a forwarding duty fee!  ups is £12.45!  - theres nothing you can do about that. it's whatever country you are in's fault - not oculus.
pretty disappointed with this latest update. i was not expecting to have to pay $1500 to develop for the rift in unity.
@desmond serious question: how old are you? you think pr is the issue here? you think hire a pr will make oculusvr seeing the future ? "they should told us!" so they should just give up, and tell you it's not going to happen three weeks before they are absolutely sure . you know what i see? i see a young company fight till the last minute,.
@tcpip2k indeed! unlike many people here i am not at all upset about screens, delays, softwares, etc. but i am definitely a bit annoyed that oculus has never addressed this question which has been asked plenty of times and is actually a large issue. i don't want to deal with customs delays or their grubby little paws all over my dev kit.
important! dear rift devs please add information for the custom office outside of the package if you ship i ternational. so they know i dont have to pay extra taxes and they dont keep the rift.
oh im fully aware that res isnt the biggest challenge right now in vr. its fov, latency and content.  for me or is trying to solve the first two, and with a dev kit bring in the community to solve 3rd. its a great setup really. it also give the tech interested non.dev type of person an easy way to setup small "dream" project on their own in unity and udk. wich is even greater. thats where innovation and new interesting things come from. im sure the cinemizer is great as a hmd or maybe even a desktop replacement with better screen.  but i really dont see how it evolves vr in any major way.
just disappointing. december - mid march - late march. delays announced in the last minute (this time 2 weeks later). passing from 500/day to 1000/week.  only one week ago: "lot of kits on people hands by gdc". now is that the last backers have another 1-2 months of waiting. and on top of that, no sdk. zero. the result? at least for now we just stopped the development of two apps exclusive for the rift. can't continue losing time, without the unit to test it and without sdk. you should hire a community manager and invest in pr.
@ johan resolution in hmd use does not work like resolution on you desktop . i use the st1080 , cinemizer oled and the hmzt series on a daily basis as you can see from my blog. the cinemizer oled even with its lower res is the one i use most. the zeiss simply has the best optics , it means every time i pick it up and put it on it is clear pixel to end pixel, now every hmd maker is waiting for the magic 4k res panels to turn up till that happens we are dealing with compromises. so the st1080 with a true 1080p res wins on paper, but loses in optics verses the cinemizer oled which has perfect oled , and crystal clear display . the pixel size and screen ratio also play a part so zeiss used the smallest pixel size available , that is why i am constantly amazed how well it scales 1080p res games and apps , something which i did not expect!. as for fov there are actually scenarios where you wish to have a smaller fov that is crystal oled clear ..say when you actually want to see an entire fps game screen and see the enemy enter from stage left or right without having to turn your head. hmds have evolved to the point where we can have  st1080 1080p or zeiss portable oled with perfect optics and ergonomics , we have vr leaning controls and in oculus we have the large fov and low latency headtracker ..now we need every one to compete and eventually combine all these elements (with out feedback as users/devs) . using hmds is far different to reading about their tech specs as i have learnt over the last 2 years and i expect the ones we will be using in 2 years time will be significantly different to this current tech
@ linus @ johan ..hi i am the author of that article on the zeiss headtracker and hmd. i have been using the headtracker now for around 3 months , it has both mouse emulation for legacy non vr support and the dof axes for vr support. currently there are no vr apps , we are looking a year to maybe more for consumer ready vr apps other than the developer stuff do we do ourselves . i have the zeiss headtracker sdk to play with and look forward to the oculus sdk . i am going to combine the zeiss headtracker (which is detachable) with the oculus headtracker on my rift ( two weeks to wait now!) vr requires more than headtracking it requires voice recog , hand recog and sometimes even legacy control. having addtional mouse emulation in your headtracker allows for interesting scenarios like  combining all these vr control methods to play lets say any existing pc , xbox 360 and ps3 game too ( or wii game if you must) with up to 4 simultaneous vr control methods as you can see here http://the-games-veda.blogspot.co.uk/2013/03/preparing-for-vr-combining-leap.html ..you know something to do whilst we wait for the architect to come up with the matrix...
this msg is for sandumanu, i am igameart on the mtbs3d forums :p
awesome! so i´ll receive my dev kit in, what....june?
johan, i think you are right. haven't had time to check it out really. seems they are going for mouse emulation in many games.
linus, that just another lov fov, low res personal video viewer. its not vr really.
so you have to open every single box, update the firmware and fix the foam ... i can imagine that could add plenty of delay. but is not the firmware upgradeable through usb by user?
can anybody comment on this ? http://the-games-veda.blogspot.co.uk/2012/12/carl-zeiss-cinemizer-oled-headtracker.html…
just going to leave this here for other backers who want rift ready games. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/494598080/the-gallery-six-elements
i'm surprisingly okay with that.
shipping march 29, first shipment will be 1,000 - 1,500
yeah would it be possible if can we have an update on when shipping will begin ?
any chance we can grab our dev kits at gdc directly? because at this point, there's no way it's going to arrive before i leave for the event.
tycho: yeah, i knew i should have qualified my remark as soon as i pressed post. i'm well aware oculus was "born" in the mtbs3d forums, but i would point out that kickstarter backers are the ones who actually put money on the line to get the rift and oculusvr off the ground. if the crowdfunding was done on mtbs3d, then i'd be all for updates being done there.
i canm't be the only one refreshing this site every hour i'm able to just for the hope of the torrent of information that they hinted at?
ship it. shiiiiippp iiiiiittt.  gimme.  ship it.  ship it.  ship it.  i want.  me.  give.  now.  ship.  box, label, truck, go, ship.  ship, ship, shiparooo.  shippy mcshipperson.  shippydippydooo.  give me the thing.  traverse the meatspace.  more with the shipping, and less with the not shipping.  plus ship.  minus not-ship.  i will touch it and squeeze it and call it by name.  ship it!  kthxbye. (pssst.  ship it.)
@tycho. i meant resolution is the most important thing now. because they already have the fov and tracker speed. that's why i referenced the consumer version. resolution is the last thing they need to work on. and, more importantly, the average consumer wont understand or accept a low resolution screen. they won't care, or understand the difficulty of vr like we do. if it looks like crap, they won't buy it. that's why i am saying a high resolution screen is the most important thing for the consumer version at this point. i'm thinking in terms of oculus being financially successful.
sorry in my last post i meant resolution can always be added in the consumer version, i just mean this is not the part where the rift is meant to be groundbreaking. resolution is the easy part, the wide fov is unmatched especially in this price range. i'm really looking forward to tinkering with this thing. i'm not a professional developer but an enthusiast, i'm good at programming so i'm sure i can manage to experiment with it and maybe make some demos. already got a razer hydra for exact position tracking as well. going to be so much fun :d i think the kit looks great, the eyecups are a super addition and the box is too. i think it's a great idea including a carrying case considering us enthusiasts will probably spend a lot of time showing it off to other people. i just hope the momentum will continue and it becomes so popular that the consumer version will be viable.
resolution is not the most important thing. what is the point of a high resolution if the field of view is so small it feels like you're looking through a toilet roll, or if the image lags half a second behind your movements? that's what'll make you sick, not looking at some pixels. and that's exactly the things the rift is designed to improve on. resolution can always be added (it's only a dev kit remember). most people who've seen the prototype have already said that the pixels are easy to see but they stopped noticing them after the first minutes because the experience was so immersive.
being completely ignorant about vr, i believe the screen resolution is the most important thing, just remember that for the consumer version. high resolution screen will sell more units.
keep up the excellent work oculus. go palmer and team! i expect a full hd screen later, but i am confident you will do that already. shut up and take my money!
yea, i personally think the kit looks awesome! can't freaking wait!
man the amount of whining here and on mtbs3d is jaw dropping.
three insults in four lines? you feel superior doing that? congrats kid. but that doesn't change actual facts, whether little fanboys like it or not.
@desmond we say your comment the first time. no need to repost the exact same comment.  you have been given the refund option. if you are so incredibly displeased, just go with that.
like southpark put it so nicely: one fourth of the population is retarded. are you one of them? annoyingly, every project must deal with the retarded ones when they shit their comments all over the net. we got nearly every two weeks info about the projekt and still there are brainfarts that mean we got no information.
@oculusvr, that's enough! why you don't explain anything? is the new panel worst at all? why all the demos were using the old screen? where is the sdk 3 months later? how many units are in the first batch? why can't you say once for all who are getting the firsts kits and who isn't? i really understand everything! really! but you are mixing a developer thing with a future consumer thing! you are taking advantage after seeing what this could be. you are consciously delaying it, both info and tech, without taking care of the original backers. you are, and again i understand, letting your partners decide by you (and this is for you palmer), based only on corporate interests. again: this was started thanks to the community, and you are trashing us. (sorry as always if 'this' english is more o less wrong, it's what it's). ******** another two days, and "in developers hands before gdc" sounds like nothing but another lie.
@jason hsu: it's a bit different in this case because this project has its roots in the mtbs3d forum before it was ever launched on kickstarter.
just stupid question, is there anyone that has gotten a confirmation on shipped dev kits yet?
@scott weisgarber: thanks for the links! it's really irritating when kickstarter project creators stop updating on the kickstarter project page in favor of other forums.
already posted by william sorry my bad!
new interview with palmer and nate on engadget  http://www.engadget.com/2013/03/19/oculus-rift-luckey-mitchell-interview/
its not just resolution, the screen needs to have fast switching, low delay, and narrow screen door effect, good contrast, good colour reproduction etc. don't forget oculus have created there own hardware  lcd drivers to reduce the latency and switching time as much as possible.  resolution is not the only answer. its no good having a high resolution if there is a lot of motion blur or delay in updating the pixels. and until i can try the unit for myself, i would find it hard to judge on there new developer screen decision.
there was a cool rendering of the consumer version concept at presentation at gtc. also they stated 1080p panel
@daniel - that screen has a 800* 480 native resolution, not an improvement ;) that said, i do think the 7" developer kit will be inherently more moddable since it is a common tablet size. wouldn't be surprised to see community upgrades pop up a few months after the rift has reached users.
would it be difficult to update our dev kit with this? 7" 1080p screen. http://www.ebay.com/itm/new-samsung-7-led-lcd-touch-screen-monitor-kit-outdoor-/110659973152
just saw the carrying case and the final rift dev kit. they had it here at gtc in san jose. the case looks great! i didn't get to try the devkit because they were still showing off the same model but they let me check out the devkit visually. it looked awesome!
@plummet please,for the love of god,just pull the plug,take the money and leave. you don't appreciate what oculusvr is doing and you think you are buying something that was "sold" to you? just leave,and let us common folks live the rest of our lives in endless regret for we are so naive to bought the 300$ piece of history.
@timo: i doubt that getting personal is a good solution here. @ plummet: please inform yourself properly before posting (so many posts and getting mad/disappointed). the "old" prototype was already blurry and pixelated, because the resolution is simply not that great. the "new" devkit might have slight less pixel per arc-degree, but it won't be that much less (according to some posts from oculus-officials). aside from that it has better colors, faster switching time (important to reduce motion-blur and nausea), and a better (faster) tracker. if anything, motion-sicknes should be less of a problem, not more. it's not like oculus is giving us an inferior product.
@timo hey timo, one word..............word
@plummet i'd like to tell you what all the people out there think about you and your brainfarts - heres some quote: #1 reason i wish i backed the kickstarter: so i would get my rift earlier. #2 reason: being allowed in the kickstarter comment section, so i could tell plummett to shut the **** up   ------------------------- moaning about the pixellation making you sick wtf is he on about ? pixellation never made anyone ill, latency and idiots like him make people ill and from what i can see the latency on the rift will be more or less zero, which is amazing. what really gets my goat is uninformed people (and i'm not including the techie guys on here) who go on about motion sickness and pixellation when they have: 1: never seen/worn the rift and experienced it's tracking 2: never actually had a decent hmd anywhere near their head or experienced proper tracking 3. think that some cheap hmd they picked up on ebay or at toysrus is a good baseline to make judgements from also what the hell is he going on about palmer being led down the wrong path by *evil* businessmen? if he'd read the updates he's have seen the panel they wanted to use wasn't available in the quantities they wanted so rather than delay again they used the best available, end of no conspiracy. rant over
lol we are also ask to suspend belief that carmack had the knowledge htat it was going to be a 7" screen until the kits arrived @ oculus... that way the unable to make the change in time can be sold...
it's true that people can have trouble with stereoscopic images and more so when they are moving but even more so when you have the artifacts i saw in the linked engaget video. did you pay attention @ 2:36-2:46 you will see the striations i mentioned. like carmack said the fact that this is so real makes any divergence noticed more. (he was talking about lag but this is is also a visual issue.) i'm suggesting that this pixelation and blurriness will effect people who are already close the the nausea threshold and push them over. also it will put a quicker time limit on exposure then before the change by making people nauseous quicker then before over periods of time.
come on guys... the new screen is worse ? what are you talking about... "our new 7” panel has a switching time that is about twice as fast! [...] and helps alleviate the undesired motion-blur. [...] the contrast ratio is greatly improved" only the space between pixel is worse. form the specs, i prefer the 7', but then who am i to compare things i haven't try. motion sickness ? deal with it, this is vr, everybody will have a different experience. you haven't try the or, nobody here has. stop assuming anything. try and you'll see. complaining about it is like complaining about the air pressure in a long distance flight. (*cry *cry "my ears hurts...") some are bothered with it, some don't, and other get a gum. only the babies cries because they don't know what's going on and how to express discomfort... which are you ? stop polluting the comment section with nothingness (like i am actually doing right now to try to stop it...sorry about that...) i am monitoring these comments to have useful information, not to here to read about wrong assumption, prejudice and whining. clear the space please... and relax...
what makes you think that the 7" screen makes you more nauseous than the 5.6" screen? it's always been said that it takes some time to get used to vr, which the journalists didn't have time to do.
btw... isn't all of our work going to need to be recalibrate for the consumer device that will be 5.6" and different lenses? i say this mockingly as i never believed that to be a big deal  to begin with...
my argument is pointless for the kits we are receiving as that will not change. my problem of nausea is a very real concern. my argument is that this change in the design is in reality a change in the structure of the organization as to not being able to afford that change and the correct lcd screen at the same time. to the betterment of oculus this young fellow needs to not put the details in others hands... i know he does not have the know how for the motion tracking but he is well schooled in what this changed did to the visuals. he needs to not hand off things like this to others. he needs to be stronger in what he does know... unfortunately he knew what this change would do and made a decision that makes our kits less workable by cutting the time we can use them.
hmm, while i disagree with most of what plummet says, because the oculus rift is looking to be a very professional product, in which they genuinely are trying to make the best experience for vr, he may have a point about the screen, maybe? and i do mean a small maybe. i mean, if the screen is technically worse than the original, that would explain why they kept using the original for demos maybe? but you have to be a bit cynical to believe that, and i am not. i'll trust their answer that the demos would have to be re-calibrated to work. guess we will have to wait and see. either way, getting a slightly worse rift is better than no rift at all. you are paying for new vr tech that is only $300. plummet how can you argue against that?
@ mike- i'm not core market.. this i know :) i just don't want to be sick while trying to put things together. my concern is that they have reduced the quality of the device which has been confirmed...things that are now blurry were not before and now you see pixelation where you did not before. that is what we have been officially told... why should it matter my personal use for the device? afa accepting it i will work with what i get but i will not subjugate myself because i am so luck to have been mislead by this and i'm luck to just be involved. if i can not create due to nausea were i would not have before then this is not right. i don't see why that is an issue for just me... if you folks have too much nausea to beta test a level of a game then we are in the same boat. are you luck to have had the chance the throw up? or do you just not believe there is any possible way that this change could case that?
people looking for more information may wish to check out these posts from oculus employees on the mtbs forums. thanks to user "twofoe" for gathering the links. http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
@plummet at the end of the day, it's a developer prototype targeted at game developers. i'm sure plenty of artists will create brilliant installations with it, but imo it's the latency and fov that make rift special. you're going to have to accept that you're an edge case, not the core market. or just use the limitations & feed them into your work.
i would like to know yeah.. seeing the very nice development kit @engadget makes the wait even harder. i have a very low order number in the 2x range and still nothing about shipping.
so has anyone received an email stating that it is on the way?
@jason hsu- every person who has had their amazement recorded in order to sell this kit has now become a shill of a bait and switch. the first thing i did was watch the e3 12: carmack's vr presentation and was told the how great even this low res experience was. an experience that has been fundamentally changed. how much would the feed back been changed if this 7" screen was the demo...? people who would have been fine with the shill version will get sick with this one. that would have changed the presentation that sold me on this. like i said "i'm sure others will gush at how they don't mind or care... sad sad sad."
@plummet:  "i think i fully understood the truth [...]"  i respectfully disagree.
after reading through the mtbs3d thread and the recent online interviews. i am very impressed with what palmer and friends have been able to deliver for a $300 device. one post from mtbs sums it up nicely: now the dev-kit is a hugely customized device with more than we were promised: - sweet looking casing to transport it,  - 3 different sets of lenses,  - screen adjustability,  - better quality screen (color, contrast, switching times, fill factor) - better head tracking (4x improved tracking latency) - variety of necessary cables, - separated video-box for cables, - with an amazing amount of game engines already implementing support or having it underway. oculus is delivering much more and much higher quality and better support than they ever promised.
@kristoffer - thanks for that link. very helpful. so i guess effective resolution will depend on a combination of the following factors: 1) software implementation 2) the screen distance setting on the left of your rift 3) the set of eye-cup optics used. so your mileage will vary but it should be possible to use the full resolution of the screen. that is good news :)
the 580 number is just wild speculation from someone looking at some screenshots from someone visiting valve.  palmer has already confirmed that it's not correct. http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
@ jason hsu- i've been studying and creating stereo images for 10 years and studying 3d film making for 4. i'm not sure how much of an enthusiasts you think one should be but i did miss the part where it said the effective resolution will be 580x580 per eye... i think i fully understood the truth and expected it to be fulfilled. i think you should just be happy with your horse meat pie ;)
excited about the rift, but it looks that the developer version will have a somewhat crippled resolution because they opted for a 7" panel with the same resolution and it appears they left the optics and screen distance the same. this means that a significant part of real estate on the already low resolution screen will be unused and will result in an effective resolution of on 580x580 per eye. still good for minecraft... but the real vr experience will come with the consumer version when they up the resolution and scale back the display size again.
what's up with the t-shirts? i mean...t-shirts? it's been a while. wish i could have supported the actual product since pc gaming is my...well, love pc gaming. anyway, just wanna know about them shirts!
@plummet: i think you've adequately proven you are not the target audience for this equipment. why don't you just get in touch with oculus and see if they can terminate your pledge and move on? the rest of us developers and bleeding-edge enthusiasts understand the original project statement that this is not consumer hardware and are okay with that. i'd suggest maybe next time you consider not backing projects unless you have read the entire pitch and fully understand what you're getting into. good luck.
i like the comment from the tf2 wiki: "some very lucky folks never get any effects at all and can play for many hours. you are freaks and the rest of us are very jealous of you." http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/oculus_rift_user_guide
that was a thought andrew but i'm guessing that the hardware will not feed anything above that resolution to the head set... i've also thought that perhaps a 7" panel with different sized pixels but now i have to study a whole new subject just to correct this mess. yes i am angry... but not at anyone in particular. the fellow who started this is young and smart in this field but not wise enough to see how poorly this has been handled. this is a big deal! i'm not even mad at the ass that talked him into this. he is trying to secure his part in this. most of you here are video game folks where i'm coming at this from an artistic slant... trying to uncover lies thru story telling. it's just so hard. every turn of life it's the same b.s. i refuse to become so jaded that i stop believing in people doing the right thing but as a result i get angry when it happens... which is, lets face it, a lot. i can give up on everyone and not care and just get along but for me that would kill my motivation to create. pos world just pushing itself into everything... this should not have happened. so is there a 7" screen that would have the correct pixel size/spacing? how much is it and where can i get one?
ok this might be a dumb question but anyway here goes i noticed on the verge website where they are showing pictures of the dev kit and everything that comes with it on the adapter box where all the cables are plugged into there is one port for dvi and another one for hdmi do both the dvi and hdmi need to be connected to the my pc in order for the rift to work? will it work using  just hdmi? i only have one dvi port on my graphics card which is used for my monitor i dont have a second one for the rift.
it's the same resolution so if the pixels are more spread out than with the 5.6" screen (which they don't necessarily have to be if they changed the optics as well) that also means a wider fov which means more immersion. that's not a bad thing either. while 10.000 rifts is a lot, it's not much in terms of serious volume discounts on components. that's why the consumer rift will be better. much bigger volumes so better tech for the same price. but for that to be happening it must be plug & play with a nice lineup of games, that's where the dev kit comes in. it's a dev kit and something to tinker with for enthusiasts, it's the start of a revolution. no matter what specs it has, it will be outdated in a year if this thing really takes off, vr is only in its infancy for the mass market. just be glad to be part of it (and for such a low price), you'll have a front row seat from the start :d
@plummet if you want to upgrade the screen, i think your only shot is to replace it with another 7" 16:10 screen. otherwise the optics would be all wrong (remember, oculus had to make a lot of changes to use the 7" instead of the original 5.6"). i'm interested in a screen upgrade as well but i haven't seen anything out there that's actually available and would fit the bill.
u820 is $100.... i'll look for a deal over the next few weeks...
yes andrew i can see that now... i'll keep looking
@plummet what good would a lifebook u810 screen be? it's smaller and lower resolution than the or's screen.
@ peter verrey- how much testing can you do if you are throwing up? did you look at the video in the link that shows the striations in the image? on a brighter note for $40 you can pick up a new lifebook u810 screen.
lol, even if the oculus rift does not meet expectations (and i'm sure no one here would even consider it) for $300 this is the cheapest vr system you can cast your hopes on. in other words, if it doesn't do what it says it does, feel lucky you are only out $300 versus the silly sony hmz-1 for $900, or more expensive systems with small fovs, and no trackers.
the resolution is the same that it has been since the beginning. it is the same resolution that the kickstarter said it was going to ship with. that is what the engadget article stated. did you not watch the link? as a developer don't you think you should behave more professionally? how do you think this reflects on you? you have a responsibility to be respectful and considerate, even if you disagree with other people, or feel that others are not meeting their responsibilities. your statements say very little about oculus and a lot about yourself.
i guess the best option is to tear this pos apart when we get it and put the correct screen in.. will we need new lenses too? first person to do a video about how to best mod this is a hero.
the pixelation is most likely going to make people sick as a dog... this is just wrong!
now we know the real reason carmack pulled doom3... he can't stand it looking like a pos game. man oh man the more i think about this the more it blows!
@ desmond- did you not watch the link...? it is an poor resolution. "it does not matter because people can still see an image" ,"and that is enough to develop with"  *paraphrased. some very slick people are training this young fellow on how it is to be successful. the first person he will fire is the guy who made light of our need for the correct screen. it might take time but that fellow will continue to give advice that leads down a road of greed. this guy is gonna have divorce after divorce until he learns how to get ride of these people from his life.
from the http://www.engadget.com/2013/03/19/oculus-rift-development-kit-hands-on/ article "convincing as the illusion was, it wasn't perfect -- the digital estate's buildings were blurry and out of focus. mitchell explained that this was a fault of the revision's new 7-inch panel -- it uses the same resolution as older prototypes. " - this is the only thing that's really disappointed me so far. still can't wait to get the kit in hands and start designing with it.
@oculusvr, that's enough! why you don't explain anything? is the new panel worst at all? why all the demos were using the old screen? where is the sdk 3 months later? why can't you say once for all who are getting the firsts kits and who isn't? i really understand everything! really! but you are mixing a developer thing with a future consumer thing! you are taking advantage after seeing what this could be. you are consciously delaying it, both info and tech, without taking care of the original backers. you are, and again i understand, letting your partners decide by you (and this is for you palmer), based only on corporate interests. again: this was started thanks to the community, and you are trashing us. (sorry as always if 'this' english is more o less wrong, it's what it's).
@ mario basiola- yes it is a poor viewing resolution as seen here: http://www.engadget.com/2013/03/19/oculus-rift-development-kit-hands-on/ nothing has upset me about this until now... the delay.. understandable. no doom3.. no problem. the decision that developers can still develop with this reduced resolution so that is all we need to give is frankly the response one gets from a person the views others a less then important. i guess they diverted the funds in hiring all the new staff. i'm sure others will gush at how they don't mind or care... sad sad sad.
interview with palmer luckey and nate mitchell. http://www.engadget.com/2013/03/19/oculus-rift-luckey-mitchell-interview/ images of the dev. kit. http://www.engadget.com/2013/03/19/oculus-rift-development-kit-hands-on/
has there been any word on when the first batch will ship and who would be in the first batch?
never mind, just found it, there is another account called 'oculus vr' on facebook that has all the news. i'm surprised it didn't come up when i searched for 'oculus'.
@matthew korda: where did you see that on facebook? (about them maybe shipping yesterday?). i only found the 'oculus rift: step into the game' page but there don't seem to be any posts on it. only looking on my phone though, maybe that's the problem.
nevermind software support. can oculus please comment on the claims that effective resolution (visible pixels) is worse on the 7" devkit than on the 5.6" prototype? it's being stated on the mtbs forum that the real effective resolution for the devkit is 580x580 pr.eye, and not 640x800 as advertised.
can i just say, despite the lack of doom 3 (which i think everyone was looking forward to), the thing i find most disturbing is the improper spelling of 'develop' and 'developing' ...by so called developers.
are the individuals that pledged on the first day of the kickstarter going to be int he first batch?
"it's like releasing a system with no company ip's" no it's like releasing a "devkit" of a system with no company ip's. do you think the ps4 devkit that developers recieved also had a copy of uncharted 4 with it for them to play? no it didn't because they were getting the kit in order to "develope" stuff for it so that when the ps4 is actually released (instead of being a devkit) there will be games for people to play on it. the only people complaining about doom are the people that "bought a vr headset to play games with" which are just the people that should not of been getting the devkit since it is just that a "devkit" not an actual product to play games with and was stated so over and over. the inclusion of a working game imo was a mistake from the start as it made it seem more like a product (since well you had a working game to play) and less like a devkit even though they kept saying it was only a devkit. now that it no longer has that game, those people are finally realising that it isn't a product to buy and play games with and they shouldn't of pledged for it in the first place. the whole doom debacle really shows who pledged for a devkit that shouldn't have.
@luke, why would valve's interest have anything to do with doom support seeing as they don't make that product.
@luke - sounds liek you are confused... this is a developer device. it just happend that the original rift was tweaked to make it work... we have a new screen and motion sensor - likely it broke that compatibility is all - they appear to be doing fantastic work with the sdk and other software... hawken is going to be compatible and there are other demos coming soon. it's not in valves interest to make doom work with the new tech... they may well be working on something else new. but to be honest if you or any of you whingers out there laid down $330 to play doom vr then i don't feel sorry for you at all. you never understood what this is in the first place.
also to note: team fortress 2 has native razer hydra support, so if you have a hydra you can move your gun independently from your head. just ordered one :)
team fortress 2 for oculus rift coming very soon http://www.engadget.com/2013/03/18/valve-joe-ludwig-interview/
still excited about the rift...but i'm a little confused, no support for the main/flagship software that was supposed to come with the rift....it's like releasing a system with no company ip's, strange. how did this happen that they've been using doom the whole time for purposes of demoing the rift, and now it's not going to work with it at ship? if this is a money grab, i'd honestly be happier about it, i'll pay more to get it separately, that's much better to me than just not having it work....
nate backstage interview at expandsf yesterday: http://www.viddler.com/v/f951b1b6…
just remember that they were initially only thinking 300 or so ppl would buy a developer kit, not that it would raise to 7500 kits. that in itself gave a huge delay from december to now with all the manufacturing work they needed to figure out. the good news about that however, is that they have now learned how to handle large manufacturing of the rift, for the consumer version, which hopefully takes some time off the manufacturing of it. also remember that it is hard to develop things, and that oculus is not in control of everything themselves, they can only provide us with the information they think they know for curtain, just like they thought doom 3 would run at release. i disagree a bit with their choice of not giving the option for doom 3 vouchers, since it is most likely to support the rift later, and is generally more expensive to buy than the 20$ steam voucher.
guys, go back the gallery: six elements. the game has been designed especially for the rift and is now on kickstartert! if you care about vr, check it out: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/494598080/the-gallery-six-elements
news from oculus facebook: "but the good news is that today (monday 18th) the first batch of oculus rift developer kits may finally start shipping to kickstarter backers!"
@antonie bouman they need to offer a full refund if they can't provide what they committed to -- it's in the kickstarter t&s. not so much 'nice' as a legal obligation. i'll be much happier when i see developers actually receiving headsets, because at the moment all i'm seeing is late, late notice of the fact that oculus is unable to provide what they promised (headsets in december, a particular game with the headset whenever that is ready). makes me wonder what sort of shape the sdk is in as well.
just a copy of my post from the update comments, foolishly thinking it could increase the chance for reply: "oculus, you have serious problem with your logic. you are constantly referring to "first batch", requiring actions from people when they are in the "first batch". but you never reveal how many does that mean, who is in it. please wake up and post an update of the update! this really is awkward."
@reinoud there already is an oculus mod out for the source engine, even with headrolling and separate gun handling.
personally i didn't care much for doom 3. there is one game i'd love to see ported to oculus and that is black mesa. (http://www.blackmesasource.com/)
live: gaming's new frontiers (with nate) http://www.engadget.com/expand/agenda/
for everyone that is complaining just pick the full refund option.. good riddance! :) just another 'developer ' kit for a developer. the guys at oculus did a really great job and even a refund for the 'doom 3 promise' is really great of them. the kit is for developpers so they can start developing software for it. what basicly means that on day 0 there is no software because the developers are yet to start developping.
no sdk(!) no doom no game to play haaaahaaaaa *points*
for anyone who is upset doom 3 wont be available for oculus right off the gate check out the drivers being released where you can play half life 2 and skyrim... i for one cant wait to try those with my rift!! the oculus team has done a great job. growing their team, improving the technology, and keeping us informed. sure there were some hickups, but everything considered i am very happy and cant wait for my rift.
would love to have something to test/play with the device that wasn't almost entirely behind a paywall.  hawken could be an excellent game if you could just pay for the damn thing once and be done with it.  free to play with almost nothing available without expenditure makes me want to vomit in their moonroof.
you mean that one from november? sure, seams very reliable, considering. you know?
desmond: if you look at their hardware manufacturing gantt chart it shows that "approximately 5000 units" in their first estimated arrival. http://www.oculusvr.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/oculus_rift_dev_kit_gantt_chart_800.png
i really hope that you put your shit together in the next year, and don't think for a moment in giving this kind of treatment to your future customers with the commercial version. they tend to be even less forgivable, and for sure wouldn't understand why the frell you don't want to just say (only on day before) how many kits are in the first batch, and when would be the second. you should show more respect for the people who paid you so you can create your business, and the people who is going to create all the content for your product. you are (and you would be) nothing without this community's support.
bleeding edge technology has it's drawbacks, if this campaign ran absolutely smoothly it would mean that oculus probably weren't pushing the boundaries hard enough. kickstarter is not a store, there is no guarantee that you'll get what was promised. the $20 credit is either based on what they were going to pay id software for each copy of doom, or if they were getting them on the house. $20 x 15k est units is $300k, that's a decent wad of cash to be giving back, whether it was going to oculus or id software, i'm sure it wasn't an easy decision.
29 euro on steam europe, what a joke indeed ( id price) having rift support for a 8 year old "updated" game and paying full price for it is... nevermind doom 3, it's not something i was looking forward anyway. i hated the game back in 2004, so i would probably have played 20mn with it... anyway, i would like also to know the meaning of "first batch"... i guess we will know by the user...
so far, i've just been positively excited, but now i'm getting a little annoyed too, mainly about the lack of information: - as many others have pointed out, doom 3 bfg costs 30eur on the european steam store, which is almost 40$, not 20. how can i purchase the game, if i still want to? - will doom 3 bfg ever have official rift support? or will the community have to work it out? why is it delayed? i also have never heard anything about the status of the official oculus sdk. - it says the replacement rewards will be shipped in april. i understand that manufacturing physical hardware takes time, but (me being naive here) delivering digital goods should be as simple as sending out an automated email to everyone who clicks the button on the sales site. i assume you do have a good reason for it, but why not share it with us?
"doom 3 is completely a case of the hardware changing thereby making the old driver not work." then i think they should have written that instead.
getting close guys! i cant wait to start making my own worlds in unity.  doom3 is just delayed due to tecnical or businiess reasons. i dont really care idsoftware/zenimax is the first to realise rifts potential, and im sure they are working towards something spectacular. you really wanna blow ppls mind with your first venture into vr. im 100% sure. so no doom3..dont really break anything at all for me. im soo exicted with all little cool "dream" projects ppl are tinkeing on, and that we the backers get to test. great times!
doom 3 is completely a case of the hardware changing thereby making the old driver not work. we all know when the hardware changed, we all know that john carmack did the first driver set himself and that carmack has been busy since then. without carmack having time to redo the drivers before the launch they waited to tell us until they knew it wouldn't be ready in time, not that they were not going to ever be created for doom 3, just that it wasn't ready in time. i think oculus has done a great job of trying to show developers value for their money and to follow exactly what they said throughout this. they have done a great job and i only wish that other companies treated us nearly as well.
kristoffer: agreed, that would be a better option - don't really care about steam or oculus store at this stage.
i would like the option of no replacement reward. doom 3 was just a bonus for me, and i'd rather see the money with oculus.
or... another speculation, since hawken is a free-to-play model where you pay to advance in the game, they wanted exclusivity at launch to cash in as much as possible - thus oculus through out doom 3 to favor hawken. ... if you give no official explanation to why doom 3 bfg is gone, these are the speculations you invite.
so... i'd give a guess that id software (john carmack) wanted 30$ per game from oculus but oculus could only afford 20$ so this is where we are now.
hi there oculus team! i'm sure it was not your responsibility that doom isn't ready yet. i have 4 questions about that: will doom 3 bfg edition gain rift support later if we buy it seperately (on steam)? if yes: here in germany the price of doom3 bfg edition is 30€ (almost 40 usd) how can he handle that situation? if no: then i'd rather invest that $20 directly in you at oculus! (then i need an option to just have no substitution) and the last question: just how large is the "first batch"? - it almost seems that you yourself don't know how many unit will be shipped next week or even worse there are no dev kits to ship !? is it really that hard to disclose how many units are completed or newly produced (and when) for the next batch? just a estimated number with accuracy to '100' is enough to know if you have to wait 1 or 4 more weeks! please provide that information! everything is better than just leave all sitting in the dark without knowledge! (i sent the same to oculus support)
i can't wait to push my friends off ledges... i mean, test it.
so what was the version of doom that was demoed with the oculus rift at all those gaming conventions?
i chose the "full refund" option. there have been too many delays and changes with this kickstarter for me to accept. kind of useless to complain but things could have been done much smoother than it did and i have felt that oculus should have informed people much earlier then when they did.. like now for instance, a week before first batch will be sent and the main game wont be ready? i can bet that they knew this long before yesterday.
"assuming you’re in the first batch" can you be even more uninformative? is just time to say how many is that, and when would be the second batch.
@jj - re-reading the post, it suggests a delay - it would be good to get some confirmation on this.
not sure a $20 steam wallet code will 'work' on steam's uk store.
$20 steam wallet code? too bad doom 3 bfg is $30 on steam here. if i do want to buy it, i guess i'll have to wait until it goes on sale...
i'm also curious if doom bff will support the rift ever or if it is just delayed. maybe this has to do with the change in screen.
i have the same question as patrick.
will doom 3 bfg *ever* support oculus rift, or just not at launch?  if it will, any idea as to the timeframe?
please attach a copy of the invoice to the outside of the package when sending to eu backers. otherwise, it can take weeks longer to get our dev kit because of how customs work.
little things i've noticed: the main kickstarter video in the home page has been edited: in the scenes where people were using the rift and there was a monitor in the background, it used to be in a negative type effect that made the whole scene purple. that has been removed and now you can see the game, which looks like unreal tournament 3. update 18 has been edited: it used to say: "the goal is to have the first batch of kits in people’s hands by gdc in san francisco march 25-29." it now says: "the goal is to have the first batch of kits in people’s hands before the game developers conference (gdc) in san francisco march 25-29." so expect the rift to ship pretty much monday or tuesday for the first batch :)
i hope the people at oculus put up a update when a shipment has gone out. all of us would be happy to know that the first set was went out with "(x) units were sent out to backers today! the next (y) should be sent out by (z)" and after that if they said "we've successfully shipped out (a) units with (c) remaining units to be shipped out of the kickstarter set! thank you everyone for your patience."
for all who didn't knew, and since is all so quit around here with no updates, i recommend follow the rift subforum in mtbs. plenty of constant information (most of it just especulation but enterteining anyway while waiting). also once in a while you can see palmer and other ovr staff members participate.
hey,will the oculus be easy to open,in case we want to change the lcd panels to get a higher resolution.and are all 7 inch lcd panels the same size?
more oculus rift video goodness! i cant wait to make this thing do what i want halle berry to do...get on my face now! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@michael, that makes sense. the terminology is a little misleading, though. most order systems say "ready" if the item is in stock and ready to go.
@andrew i emailed oculus last week asking them what "your order is ready" status means and they said:  the status of "ready" just means there are no problems with your order. im order 8049 number so the ready status doesnt mean that they have the kits since last week.
kind of frustrating having the status say "your order is ready!" for over a week....  what are they waiting for?
@daniel, i would hope oculus sends out something saying they have started shipping but i am guessing that we will indeed find out by someone posting. that said i thought about positing the same thing you mentioned.
i would ask someone post when they get their shipment status changed, but i don't think i need to say ask.
haha, i was worried i were the only one who set imap updates on every second! cheers ppl! can't freaking wait to see you in the game!
oh well, i'm going to stop looking at the forums and checking and rechecking my email accounts right now... aarrrrr, right! now! i said stop it, you impatient piece of... damn! who am i kidding? this is how it's going to be till the delivery man knock my door. i hate you, oculus vr ppl... though not so much like i love you. cheers for all of us, my friends, in this final and so exciting weeks. oo
ah i might be wrong. palmer posted "you'll get a confirmation email tomorrow", referring to the pre-kickstarters so i took it as shipment confirmation, but can't confirm.  makes perfect sense though since they are shipping first come first serve (except for vips), and the kickstarter shipments should go out any time now.
so, where have you seen that, miranda? the mtbs backer kits been already shipped i mean.
oh wow i didn't know they shipped some of them out already. i guess i also didn't know that they have pre-ks backers over at mtbs3d. very interesting. i was hoping to get mine before gtc (not gdc) so that i could show it off at the show but that looks unlikely unless they ship today or tommorow.
i'm so excited. they should start shipping any time now.  by gdc = march 25. "by" = few days before.  mar 25 = monday.  no mail on sunday, saturday unlikely. probably those in the first shipment will get theirs thu 21 or fri 22.  to get it by then they would ship this week. they just shipped to the backers on mtbs3d that donated before the kickstarter became live, so the first kickstarter shipment should be very soon.
yes, when you logged in to the oculus website to confirm your shipping information, there was a drop-down menu to select shirt size.
at any point did they ask for our shirt size?
probably not until next year, at least. so it can be seeing not as buy it twice, but as an investment on yourself. if it went to be a matter of a few months i would not have bought it either, and i would have waited for the improved commercial version. but since i (most of us really) have been waiting this moment for the past twenty years... i mean, you know, i believe i deserve it! =p and with every day that passes by it seams more clear that this is the vr moment finally. counting the seconds until the "shipped update" arrives. and btw, the full "sxsw virtual reality: the holy grail of gaming" panel: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i'd just want them to get those dev-kits out and start working on the commercial version. i really want one, but not so much that i'd buy it twice. i know it might be early to ask, but any eta on when we might start pre-ordering it?
i just remembered...does anyone already have a copy of doom 3 bfg? i was thinking when doom 3 bfg came out the rift was using the old hillcrest tracker, and it has since been changed to their own custom tracker. when was doom 3 bfg last patched? are we even still getting a free copy? they've been silent about it and i don't believe they have used doom 3 bfg to demo the rift ever since they changed trackers. hawken is also another one that has not had any further info.
hi guys, i wanted to make you aware of a 3d-driver that brings existing games to the rift. most likely not that interesting for developers, but for everyone who backed the project out of curiosity it might be worth a look: www.vorpx.com
i think palmer has said that because the rift ended up becoming a much more commercial product compared to its original inception that the self assembled kits would be of far less worth in relation to the average developer kits...or something. i think he said that they were going to get something special/extra/secret when everything ships out. i think i read that somewhere, not sure where though, so grains of salt and all that.
hi guys, im in international backer, working atm in china but flying back to australia in april to see family. any idea if oculus are shipping by air or by sea? i heard by sea takes months to arrive in aus from the us and am throwing up the idea of changing my delivery address to here in shanghai. a little bit worried as packages here seem to arrive quite banged up a lot of the time. :s
great update! thanks. so cool seeing the heavy weights of the modern vr culture spending time together. hoping ernest cline is inspired to write more excellent novels.
there's probably a good chance those 100 'kit' backers will just get a rift at a $25 discount.  at the volume they're producing them, dealing with 100 units of a different kitted version would probably cost more than it's worth.
@ brian - yes, i wonder about the "unassembled rift prototype kits" at $275, too. no matter what ordered number on the list, those 100 backers should, 100%, get their hardware, first. @ all - wouldn't you think that's the case for those particular backers?
mi not anything near a developer, i'm waiting for a finished product :) then i'm totally getting one
i wonder whatever happened to the "unassembled rift prototype kits" at the $275 level?  they were supposed to get theirs shipped out a month early, but i haven't heard anything about them going out.  doesn't effect me, but just curious how that played out
when are the second batches going out? is it mid april?
i've been worrying that something like the oculus rift would be "infringing" on a gazillion patents (and the patent holders are waiting for the right timing..) i hope i'm wrong.
'ready' seems to mean just that they have all they need: your address and your payment (to check the +$30 for international shipping). i don't think that it means that you are going to get one of those of the first batch.
i just updated my phone number and it did not change the status of my order.
i am also curious what "ready" means. i am guessing it means just that your payment went through but the optimist in my is says that they have a rift ready for me just waiting to ship but i really doubt it.
i guess i didn't type "what exactly does that mean...", but i'm sure you get the point :d
if my order shows as "ready" and "approved" on that shnazy new order tracking website provided on the most recent update, what exactly mean compared to the other statuses? also if i update my information by adding my phone number will that delay the order?
ok now we are getting close - can we get more info about the sdk, unity udk integration.  oh and when osx will be supported ;)  please don't make me install windows.
try: support@oculusvr.com
my address has changed. who do i contact to ensure i get my unit?
nevermind i saw the comment further below! sorry....will be on the look out for the shirt and poster
yeah i'm going through my ks and realized i've backed about 5-6 projects...some over a year ago and haven't recieved any of the items...some were shirts...orthers pdf files....crazy...but like chris below i was a $75 backer as well and still waiting.
i was a $75 backer with tshirt and poster signed. my shipment was estimated on november 2012. here it is march 2013 and still nothing.
- ea's dice to explore oculus rift support for future games http://www.techspot.com/news/51843-eas-dice-to-explore-oculus-rift-support-for-future-games.html - dice implementing oculus rift into frostbite engine http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… http://www.mtbs3d.com/index.php…
@ renoxuken: from update 18: "the shirts and posters are being finalized now and will ship out soon. sorry for the delay!"
i know this is late, but have the t-shirts been sent yet? i did the $25 pledge and filled out the response, but still haven't got a t-shirt.
@olivierjt, the horizontal fov is 90, diagonal is supposed to be 110 i think @ tremayne, as long as i don't have to deal with paralysis and overwhelming feeling of dread. i would also like to see more games like journey, and kentucky rout zero
technical question for 3d fov : -the resolution is 600x800 per eye. -90 fov diagonal for the o.rift right ? what should be the correct value of the focal length in the 3d camera to match the human eye ? any idea ?
@christopher mcconnell i want to see the area of lucid dreams explored. or night terrors. you know, that scary phenomenon where you are stuck between waking and dreaming. it would be cool if the rift represented the dream world. imagine the gameplay. surreal open world dreamscapes filled with crazy environmental puzzles. with the objective of trying to wake up before the dream demons get you! if valve did it. they could use the portal mechanic to represent rips in your subconscious to higher levels of wakefulness. man, that would be the killer app!(for me at least)
@olivierjt    thanks for the info i kinda made a mistake in my previous post what i meant to say is i can log into my amazon payment account but for some reason my amazon  address is empty also i dont know why it is so i will have to contact oculus to find out.
@michael lenehan  my amazon account address is empty also. oculus is using the survey they sent a while ago. so your problem is with oculus, not amazon. send them an e-mail, they are certainly busy and they won't answer right away (i guess) but you have plenty of time until the first shipment are made (at least 3 weeks) contact them with a clear simple e-mail, and don't worry ^_^ btw how come you can't login to amazon payement ? (i can (from fance)but i have a regular amazon account also) https://payments.amazon.com/sdui/sdui/home choose sign in... no ? does anyone know how to pm ? , because this is not so much oculus related ^_^
i live in europe and i am a backer for a dev kit but now i cant login to my amazon payments account it asks for my address but it only gives the option to add a us address now. is there any way around this?
kickstart used amazon to ship. so people wondering about shipping, login at amazon. can't wait to see people doing reviews. when other people get word of what they're missing, being stuck to an old lcd tv, running low end games, is just the best! oculus ftw!
well, he has a point. look at the chart from update 13: http://www.oculusvr.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/oculus_rift_dev_kit_gantt_chart_800.png delivery was scheduled for mid-march, not for the 1st of march. and now let's all act like grown-ups please.
y love the fanboys! in any field, they're always sooooo cute. there, there... it's all right kid :)
sorry again for being overly harsh on anyone critical on the timeline, on a positive note who'sexcited to see more about the game "the gallery"?
well i was trying to censor myself as i accidentally posted. feel kind of bad as next to the post button it says to be nice. glad i wasnt specific with my comment.my bad
not sure why when they say " it will ship in march" anyone would assume that they ment march 1st.  its like knowing a package is supposed to arrive today, but being pissed at the fact that it has not arrived by 1am. how dare they! an hour late already, how unprofessional of ups. they are filthy liars!!! take a deep breath and stop being a bitch about it.
they are on a very tight schedule, and it's clear they have planned and coordinated everything they can. so if they still have a week or two before they need to ship anything out. and the "automatic system" will probably roll out at the last minute. the only delays i foresee happening will probably be due to things out of their control. look bad weather, or a damaged assembly line.
@for the people that wanted to change their address. i sent in a request and it took about 1 1/2 weeks to get a reply. they said they were going to make some automatic system to change addresses. i'm getting kind of worried though since they haven't implemented it and it's so close to shipping time.
looking again it does appear to be a single unit. anyway i don't think it would be anything to worry about.
@iza that box looks a little big for a single unit. i would guess that it contains 3 units. so about 1kg for the headset, control box and packaging doesn't sound too bad.
hi,  when looking at unboxing picture on last update i noticed that box with one rift inside weight is over 3 kgs. why is it so heavy? what is inside? will we have duckfaces due to little heavier devkit? ;)
"heya, i'm trying to work out how to get in contact with oculus - i can't find anything on their barebones website." www.oculusvr.com goto company then about us, at thebottom of the page "support support@oculusvr.com"
is it possible to have from oculus an information on senders' address? i'm international baker and i decided to use for shipping the company i used to work with earlier. however, to properly identify the package their not so good system requires to provide senders' address before the package arrives. can oculus let know the address they will send rifts from?
yeah, i've had a change of address too. i sent a comment via the kickstarter feedback system, no idea if it's been seen though
just watched; engadget – engadget sits down with palmer and nate http://www.oculusvr.com/blog/oculus-rift-at-ces-2013-recap/ there was an interesting comment about the textures looking flat when up-close, it would be good to know if the texture are using normal maps. its not  really going to be feasible to have this details modelled and keep the poly count to a sensible level. also i guess the billboarded object are going to look really bad ,if you late the user get to near to them, which is the case anyway.
i'm also wondering about the shipping address if they want to ship in a few weeks..
heya, i'm trying to work out how to get in contact with oculus - i can't find anything on their barebones website. i have moved home since backing this and want to make sure my dev kit arrives at the new address. can anyone offer any help on this? thanks!
there's no extra month of delay - they announced that it would be shipping mid-march way back in november - see http://www.oculusvr.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/oculus_rift_dev_kit_gantt_chart_800.png the only thing missing is how many of the 9,500 will be shipping by the end of march, but really i'm happy to wait, it's shaping up to look like a fantastically polished piece of kit - and you have to remember, it's aimed at us developers not end users, so without a decent sdk to go along with it there's not much point to it shipping earlier!
great!  so "we still expect to start shipping development kits in mid-march" and "the goal is to have the first batch of kits in people’s hands before march 25-29" just means another month of delay. and again just a few days before the deadline. so unprofessional, so unconsiderate. and still zero actual facts: how many kits have you already finished? how many kits will have the first batch? how does it affect to international backers? stop congratulating yourself for things you think are "sweet", and be honest for once. just like you have a remarcable piece of hardware, you are treating us backers like kids who deserve to be lied. losing hope on your enterprise by moments.
did palmer mention on mtbs a while back that the fov would be larger than 90 horizontal for the dev kits? i remember it was in response to people asking about the surprise they had.
i really really hope that this silence is just to maximize the big surprise of... i don't know, something good that is about to happen. otherwise the december announcement would sound like a joke next to this.
chris roberts visits oculus rift hq(full) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
another thing to bite on : (in a good way...) http://www.youtube.com/watch… (myo - wearable gesture control from thalmic labs) probably more practical than the leap in term of v.r usage...
i'm so excited about this now that it's almost march, but it'd be really nice to get an update on the shipping schedule, i don't know if i should stay hyped up with the feeling that it's right around the corner, or if i should just try to put it out of my mind for a while (if that's possible).
can you let us know if there will be an update on how things are going since feb 4th?
yeah an update and maybe more information about the sdk would be awsome :) but most important keep up the good work!!
hmm.   chinese new year is supposed to end on january 30 according to google. on the the update with the schedule chart posted by occulus, it says chinese new year would last until march 10. so maybe they said that because it takes a while to get everything back up and running, and occulus just said march 10 to simplify things, right? except pebble watch's last update said chinese new year is over for factory workers and their factory is already back up producing pebble watches, but not at full speed because some part suppliers are still on holiday. maybe the same is true for the rift and they can make a few more. in any case, an update on schedule would be nice about now. especially since some people already have rifts but are under nda's not to say anything, so we can't even get pictures from them.
man, john carmack is one smart somanabatch!  this is an interesting (technical)read. with great companies like oculus vr and these uber brains like carmack and abrash troubleshooting. vr will be as ubiquitous as dual stick controllers very shortly. ps4 and xbox 720 can smoke a chunk if oculus isn't onboard, at least in the middle of the console cycle. http://www.altdevblogaday.com/2013/02/22/latency-mitigation-strategies/
@martinp i have no idea what you just said. anyway, realistically, given the china factory shutdown and the month it takes to ship, shouldnt we expect more of a mid to late april arrival? that seems more realistic.
starving for the update on the production schedule i start to see things clearly... there could be just one explanation for the silence: the situation is that good that it can only get worse (like pirates capturing the ship, meteorite impact ...) and oculus just want to avoid correcting too optimistic expectation. so in my vision thanks to some "deus ex machina" rifts for all backers were produced before the factory shut down rendering the call for "how many were produced in the first batch?" useless. of course the above is just a "virtual reality" but that is what we all want after all...
i am most interested in learning about the eye strain thing. i remember reading that it's supposed to not exist because your eyes are tricked to thinking you are seeing in the distance. that is something i am very skeptical about and should be the most important thing if we are talking about being in alternate realities for long periods of time. i find it hard to have my expectations be overwhelming because i don't know what the oculus rift is really claiming to do, and i've never tried a similar product before. the closest thing is the $800 sony headset, which is terrible. but the oculus rift is a completely different setup with the magnifying lenses and fov. so what the heck should i expect? and the whole thing about it highlighting the flaws in perspective and size in games leaves me even more bewildered as to the actual experience.
i check mtbs3d and here almost 10 times a day just to have some new info on this.im starting to worrie that im becoming neurotic on this rift thing that i didnt even saw working.it better be the freaking awesome , bet thing ever, everyone is telling about.
@carl, lol sweet comment, i believe in your impact!! while it hasn't been a *super* long time since the last update, it has been half a month, so it would be really nice to have!
i’m going to go out on a limb here and just assume that me leaving a comment here, requesting an update, will have a huge impact and pretty much force you guys to give us an update. can we have an update?
@christer-andre kåresnor fagerslett  i love your virtual cinema, i had a very similar idea, i personally can't wait for the oculus rift, if you want a tester, when my oculus rift comes, i would be stoked to try it out. just need some virtual candy to throw :) i like the ability to go right up to the front seats to get that large screen effect. very cool, keep it up.  what would be cool is if my wife had one as well, we can watch virtual cinema together.
check this site www.renderheads.com. they have 2 plugins for unity that allow you to play more formats than the engine support. pc and mac.  ive been doing some tests with it also, but still the problem is the resolution of the movie unity can play. anything bigger than a 1080p movie will stutter bad even on a i7 extreme with a 480gtx. not good.
actually, is a great idea. i've been working on something similar myself, but my only success was to be able to play a movie after converting into the 'default' engine format. not usefull for a quickly open and view. are you using udk/unity, another, or you wrote your own engine? don't worry, my cinema project is dead now, but i could really use the streaming for other purposes.
ok sir
christer, by questioning your project i actually think im helping you, keep the good work.
i posted the video for those who might be interested, honestly every person who is not interested does not need to state that.
in the lines of a video player for the rift, what i think will be the most dificult problem to solve is the actual resolution of the video been played. fullhd is not enough for a 360 video, even on the current resolution of the  rift. 4k would be more apropriate, considering you are watching only a small part of the whole sphere(does it makes sense?) but till now playing back videos over 2k on any consumer computer is really dificult, unless you have a really fast hdd.
i mean, when i go to imax or some other cinema to watch a 3d movie, the last thing i wanna see is people heads on front of the screen or the actual chairs of the place.but still, i do agree its better to do something to start on the rift then nothing, dont get me wrong
a 360 movie player, already been developed, makes more sense to me on something with a headtracking
i really dont, i do see the value to watch 3d movies on the rift, just not on a cinema environment.
@cesar you don't see the value of a personal 3d cinema? granted, the resolution on the dev kit will probably be too low for this,  but you have to start somewhere. the resolution on the commercial version will probably be higher
christer, i see you are having a good time making this, i just dont see the point of watching a movie in it, unless you were selling a actual future project for a cinema room, so the buyers could see what the cinema would look like when finished. my 2 cents
for anyone interested here is a peek at the current progress of my virtual cinema, that lets you watch any formats you have codecs for in your with the rift. (yes you can move closer to make the screen bigger) http://www.youtube.com/watch… closer to the screen: http://www.youtube.com/watch… early peak at what multiplayer will look like: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@martin, i see that it is folded up but it is still pretty short for many vr type situations.
@jj the cable is rolled/folded up (jeb on the right is holding the rolled/folded up cable)
thanks for the link salopp. great find! wow that cord between the rift head unit and body looks very very short. that may be a problem since it is a custom cable.
here is the source http://www.roadtovr.com/2013/02/18/minecraft-oculus-rift-developer-kits-mojang-ox10x-3275 notch received some units (and i'm glad he did!)
@martinp, what info do you have saying some people are recieving their rifts? i understand that obviously someone in the unity and unreal group would have to have some unit to test as they already have integration that is polished but other than that i haven't heard of anyone getting them. i am sure people have but i just hadn't seen any information on it.
it seems that either pre-kickstarters or some other vip are receiving their rifts - that is a good fact, but still info on the units manufactured in the first batch would be nice - but that is probably too much to ask.
"@oculus3d: sorry no pax east this year. we just don't have the people to cover it and gdc." https://twitter.com/oculus3d/status/302596745555214337
will you guys be at pax east?
@andrew lovvorn: thanks a lot - that certainly sounds like good news, especially since it's a very recent statement from an official representative! so i suppose we should be fine with respect to the old version versus the new version of the dev kit, and the start of shipping - i'm still somewhat worried that they'll only start shipping in march and it could take quite a bit longer for all of the backers to receive their kit (especially the international ones), but i suppose we'll be hearing from them concerning this when they start shipping at the latest... exciting times lie ahead :)
sorry link i posted below just takes to main pa report page. this one should work fine http://penny-arcade.com/report/editorial-article/how-long-can-you-stay-in-vr-how-do-you-pull-someone-out-without-startling-t
@daniel: hey just saw this posted over at mtbs3d http://penny-arcade.com/report/editoria ... tartling-t "we’re expecting people to start receiving kits before gdc [march 25 through 29]. that’s our goal, and we’re confident that’s what we’ll hit." - nate mitchell, article written today (feb 15th). hopefully this assuages some of everyone's fears.
@andrew lovvorn: i agree completely - there's no point in rushing anything, we all want the best possible sdk and dev kit to work with, and of course predicting what will happen in a chinese factory that recently shut down is a very hard thing to do, no doubt about it. what i was getting at was not that i expect them to rush anything or be able to predict perfectly what will happen when - all i want to say is that it would be much appreciated if they were to take just a minute out of their time to let us all know the current status and keep us updated at regular intervals. we've already had a delay of a quarter that we were told about only two weeks in advance, so understandably people are getting anxious over the possibility of further delays as the new promised deadline draws nearer and we're neither provided with any new information or the promised updates nor with answers to any questions - it all looks too much like we just might be in for a little surprise in the next few weeks when they announce that (at the very least the majority of ) the dev kits won't be shipped until the end of may or june... i'd like to echo jj's comment from earlier this month: "yes it would be great/expected to hear if you are on track, off track, or way off track for delivery. oculus, please remember these are meant for developers to support your hardware. we need to plan our schedules just like you and its not easy to plan when we get information at the last minute. if you have a delay its okay we just really really need to know so we can plan accordingly. let us know you will have a better schedule later if you don't know it but we need to know to plan accordingly." all we're asking for is a little more communication with the developers that are anxiously awaiting an update; even just a short statement along the lines of "we can't say with certainty what the current schedule will be. please bear with us and we'll have a definitive answer within the next two weeks" would be fine, as long as they give us something at all instead of just silence from their side.
@daniel smith: over at the mtbs3d forums dycus (part of the oculus team) has stated the reason the 7 inch dev kit has not been demoed yet is because they have not completed integrating their current demos for it. in other words, the 5.6" is tried and tested, and works well. why show something that isn't ready yet? dycus projects they will begin demoing the 7 inch around the time of gdc (march 25). yes that's likely past the time the first kits begin shipping but keep in mind these things take time to get right. it really isn't as simple as slapping on a few new lines of code for the 7 inch model. they're going to make sure their demos look good on it before showing it to any press or public i agree a little more transparency would be appreciated, but keep in mind that it's difficult to predict what will or won't happen in regards to the factory in china. as someone over at mtbs pointed out, when a factory shuts down for that length of time, it shuts down. meaning it takes a good while once people start coming back from chinese new year to getting things up to full production again. also, it is common for employees to move to different jobs or get promotions into different departments after such holidays, meaning extra time needed for training new hires on the production process etc. it is not a matter of a foreman pressing a big red button and the assembly line magically whirring everything into flawless, full-gear production. with all that said, don't hold your breath for a perfect march ship/receive window. i'm frankly astonished a small startup has accomplished this much in so short a time. it's better to be cautiously optimistic, and most importantly, patient. you don't want a rushed dev kit do you? i want oculus to get it as right as possible so devs have the best sdk and dev kit to work with when it ships to their door. that will ensure the best possible projects being made as a result. so everybody please keep your wits about you, you all will receive your kits in due time, and it will be oh so worth the wait :)
@oculus: just to put all the rumors to rest and help everyone here sleep more soundly, could you guys please just very briefly answer the following questions - compiled from what's on everyone's mind currently: 1) what is the reason you're still demoing the old version of the dev kit even though the final dev kit is already through the first runs by your own statements - is the final version of the dev kit possibly in any way inferior to the version you're currently demoing? 2) what is the current eta on when you'll start shipping the dev kits to backers - are you still on track or should we be expecting further delays? also, what about overseas shipping to europe and asia - when can we expect to finally get our hands on the rift? i'm slightly worried that your latest update contained the phrasing "we're on track to start shipping the full kits in march", not "we're on track to ship the full kits in march" - when do you think you'll complete shipping of all the full kits to kickstarter backers? 3) when will you be releasing the first version of the sdk to developers? all it would take to make everyone here pretty happy are a couple of words ("no, march, march" would absolutely suffice, i suppose...); you promised more updates to follow "soon" two weeks ago - please do keep us in the loop, guys, that's what kickstarter is supposed to be all about! @everyone else: guys, back me up here - oculus keep promising to keep us updated here (cf. https://twitter.com/oculus3d/status/298574094788599808) and it would literally take less than a minute to actually do so; if more of you second this request or tweet @oculus3d and show that we're fine with any delays and appreciate the hard work the guys are putting in, we would just really like to be kept updated on what's going on, i'm sure they'll give us a brief update.
i want to be optimistic... but i feel @miranda concern.  even at ces those new display must have been tested already and demo unit made for them... maybe the extra weight, even small make a huge difference on how comfortable it is, maybe the optic were not as good, maybe the display didn't performed as expected (specs and real life are 2 different things). the demo use modified sky goggle i think, they have years of work to get a design that is comfortable... maybe kit one doesn't fit the face as well... these are all the question that run into my minds... would i be disappointed if any of them are true... sure a little bit... but this is just the beginning, and to think it would be perfect from day 1 is ridiculous. my only hope is that i'll get to see it for myself in march ;)
@miranda probably is just that the demo applications are optimized for the old version. maybe only the screen, or both, also the new tracker. anyhow the new components simply have better specs. so i'm thinking that's the reason of the delay in the sdk.
anyone else worried they always demo the old version with the tape holding it together, even though they have completed some test runs of the final dev kit? the old version with the tape has a different screen from the final dev kit, and since they always demo the old version, i would assume it's superior as they would like to give the best possible impression.
new video! http://allthingsd.com/20130212/oculus-rift-shakes-up-gaming-with-virtual-reality-headset/
so i guess still no eta on when they'll complete manufacturing and us backers can enjoy these amazing rift headsets?
it is somewhat disappointing that we haven't heard how many units were produced before the hiatus. the unspoken expectation of being a backer is that we would get more transparency than we'd otherwise get in the normal consumer/seller relationship. personally, i expect that very few (if any) units were produced before the factory break. the production schedule was very tight, so it would be easy for relatively minor delays to push full production past the closing. this is the sort of thing that happens all the time, but it would be nice to hear about it sooner rather than later.
@daniel, i believe that would be eric howlett.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eric_howlett http://www.leepvr.com/
is anyone aware of the first individual or company to use lenses and an lcd screen to create a wide field of view?
right now just haven't sense more delays on the sdk, since is nothing of a commercial thing. it is meant for us devs to start working on it asap, and at least my projects are ready months ago, just waiting to know in detail how they'll receive feedback from the rift. i don't mind if isn't perfect already, i just really need to start having some specific information so i can continue adding features, knowing that isn't going to be a waste of time. and again, now would be the right time to announce any new delays, not in two weeks like in december deadline.
@daniel, they do plan to release the sdk before the rift comes out, but i think they are still tweaking it. i wouldn't be surprised if they are able to release it at the beginning of march.
i wonder if the sdk is in a state where they can release it yet. it would be cool to release the sdk before the oculus rift comes out, so people can program their games to work with it on day one of release.
hey lads, moved to shanghai from australia for a game dev job. must say at the moment its just fireworks and family for the locals here at the moment. most businesses wont get back to operational till the end of the week and some longer.
project holodeck is going to be using the oculus rift once it launches. they just put up a demo of the system and it looks awesome: http://www.roadtovr.com/2013/02/11/project-holodeck-demo-interview-director-nathan-burba-video-2915 palmer luckey is the hardware advisor on the project
yeah it would be great to hear how things are looking if thats ok?
i second the comment about the chinese new year. though the factory update last week was incredibly awesome, it's been about 6 weeks since the manufacturing schedule was posted. how are things looking now that the factory has a month of downtime? thank you thank you!
those custom made motion trackers look like crazy work for a kickstarter.   i wouldn't be surprised to see another delay. hopefully they can get the sdk out and figure out a way we can all test / dev our software while we wait.
i am patiently waiting.
so the chinese new year period is starting now, you probably know how many rifts are completed and should arrive in the first shipment. could you share with us who could expect the rift soon and who should wait for the second shipment? ideally  just tell us a date and hour of a pledge from when backers will need to wait for the second batch.
where do i log in to private area on you site.. can't find link anywhere.
awesome updates!  getting very excited... sdk!   or at least any tips you can share with us to help us to better prepare for getting oculus ready.
(chanting) sdk sdk sdk
any news on when the sdk will be available?
we're absolutely committed to shipping our t-shirts and posters as soon as possible. we'll let you know as soon as they're on their way! -- nate
i never received the perk promised for our donation...that would simply be the oculus t-shirt which was suppose to be fulfilled in november of last year.  my credit card has already been charged and i have already paid it.  i realize you guys are busy, but i'm curious when oculus will fulfill the perk considering we never received any sort of followup from you guys.
question about using the rift dk with contact lenses: will my eyes get enough fresh air? is there some kind of air flow? normally i cant wear my lenses to long in closed rooms or in front of the pc screen. i always need a open window.
nice update on the removable eyecups and adjustable assembly but my right eye is medium short sighted while my left eye is very little short sighted can i use eyecup a on left eye while eyecup b on right eye? is it possible? or the adjustable assembly can help in vision correction?
i am a backer expecting a couple of oculus kits but - maybe due to this site ux more than anything - i can't figure out how to even find out if i am supposed to be expecting them delivered? any wise advice from anyone out there?
never fear. more news coming soon. -- nate
@jj, i think everything is going well,you can search and fellow oculusvr on twitter.there are photos showing oculus rift parts come in line.but yes,oculusvr really should update more about the progress.
the preorders from oculusvr.com aren't going to affect the bakers orders, and haven't done it already. the delay has been due to other reasons, and they won't start delivering it until all backers have been served. on the other hand, and since they are going to participate in a bunch of conventions in the next month, more than to maintain the current hype from ces they should care about to have thousands of dev kits out before gdc (last week of march)... you know, in preparation for the multiple announcements about rift ready games is going to be later at e3,
i dont think it would be ok to miss another deadline, considering they need to keep the momentum going after ces.i would not be happy,  1 delay is ok, 2 is not.i cant wait for this but at the same time, i got pissed when i found out they were selling more units after kickstarter ended. i had the impression only the kickstarters would have access to early version of the glasses. i bought 5 units, but knowing i could decide later, after the first reviews would make more sense.
yes it would be great/expected to hear if you are on track, off track, or way off track for delivery. oculus, please remember these are meant for developers to support your hardware. we need to plan our schedules just like you and its not easy to plan when we get information at the last minute. if you have a delay its okay we just really really need to know so we can plan accordingly. let us know you will have a better schedule later if you don't know it but we need to know to plan accordingly.
now would be the right moment to announce any more delays, or to update the timeline. so...
any uk rift lovers found a link to the jimmy fallon video that works for us?
i belive that the release of the final consumer version of the rift would mark the perfect time for a release of roller coaster tycoon 4. (remember that in rct3, you were able to walk around freely and ride every roller coaster in first person.)
i think it would be quite difficult to put together something equivalent to the rift with under a $300 bom.  never mind all the time it would take.
is it possible to tell what number backer you are on kickstarter?
the rift was just on late night with jimmy fallon! is it march yet?
is it possible to turn off the head tracker?
it seems like the oculus rift uses such old technology. some lenses and an lcd screen. did no one ever try making this in the past? i mean how old is the first iteration of the magnifying lenses and lcd screen combo? seems like both have been around for over a decade. reallife rift. binoculars? they have perfect head tracking as well! @spe3, where can we find the details of your project? do you have any pictures. i could care less for motion. i just want an immersive screen and be allowed to use my keyboard and mouse.
gonggeer: dont forget: the or is closed hardware. if some kind of open source version hits the githubs that anyone with a 3d printer can build (or anyone with a 3d printer can sell on ebay) we all win.
so spe3 built a piece base on palmer's design and now he is so good to go.can't wait to sell his oculus rift dev kit.i just hope you will sell your oculus rift device for sure.and please stay away from oculus oculus vr,will you?
@jj i imagine they'll be making an update with the manufacturing photos in it.
@oculus, looking at your tweets i see that the linux sdk is not planed for the kit launch. i was under impression that it will be the same as for windows... do you plan to release enough technical information so that it will be possible to utilize all hw without a need to reverse engineer the communication?
@gary, i can't believe they didn't post that here. i think people would love to see that some of the pieces are already in production.
@jj yeah it was a great feeling seeing them pictures.
anyone see the twitter post of parts coming out of a machine? it was pretty sweet
do we have a release date?
a less clunky version of this imbedded on the front of the oculus would be great. opening doors in amnesia would have even greater tension. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i am actually quite happy with the delay...  instead of spending time trying to make my own or whatever, i am using the extra time on getting my project more rift ready... ! making your own hmd is a waste of dev time, content is much more important. (it's interesting to build hmd though, very cool, but not my priority) take your time oculus, i am not ready yet ^_^ (even if i want to have it right now !)
@spe3/martin f: congrats on the new nick! so glad you made your own "toy"!  and since you made this one so quick, maby you can make 10 000 more with your reprap, since its quote: "doable in 1-2 weeks"??? :d  what are you gonna develop btw? isn't it more work to first develop a game for your own vr headset, and than port it to oculus? and since the rift it uses completly different hardware, will any games work on it, or do you have to make your ports as well?
well, my prototype is nearly finished. it's a little bit heavy, but has higher resolution. a tightly clamped sennheiser hd202 is currently doing the mechanical stabilisation of the thing on the head. i ended up ripping up a panasonic 8" hdmi monitor with full hd (1920x1080) for about 300$. watching raw cvbs-video looks sick. the headtracker is based on v-usb wishabi (thank god i still have that stk500). lenses and so forth from amazon, the fourth i bought acutally fit quite good. currently trying to fit the openscad-based design to my head (scanned it with kinect, 40% near lenses and reconstructme) but have some problems with the stl and csg operations on the stl. my front is round, not ugly-flat, have to print it standing up on my reprap prusa, but the printer is currently missing ~14mm z-height. to lengthen the cables you have to use solid copper core single strand cables, or the lcd won't work. a collegue is currently working on code. had to do by myself what i initially wanted: a prototype. as soon as the rifts ship, at least mine will land on ebay the second it arrives. thanks nate from ovr-support for trying to help me. ovr: go die.i bet your sdk will be delayed as well.
@michael lenehan  as i said , it depends of the application (game) >>> 60fps+vsynch as of today it's possible for you to tryon any game with a fps counter if you are absolutely ready. but you know the 60fps is for optimal experience and vsynch is to avoid tearing artefact that will distract you from your experience also. so you could run a 30fps and still be able to gorift, but it will be less immersive.
@jonathan rodgers oculus is not really stereoscopic in a display sense. the display is "cut" in two vertically, hence the resolution complain from some future users. as of today oculus will display effectively 640x800 resolution per eye. from a 1280x800 display.
yeah i would like to know about the system requirements too i have a decent spec graphics card but its no where near as powerful as a geforce 670 that they were using to show the epic citadel demo.
i was really hoping to run this on a not so high end notebook, but i think it depends on the game.
thanks olivier, but i'm looking more for a list of actual hardware.  and isn't the resolution statement a little more complex since we need not just 1, but 2  60 fps @1280x720ish renders, since the oculus is steroscopic?
for now : a machine that allow you to run games at 60 fps @1280x720ish, with vsync enabled for consumer version the same with higher resolution... so it depends of the game too... a machine is never too powerful anyway... try hawken with these settings as it will be enabled with oculus... doom 3 shouldn't be a problem at all. try any recent unreal engine 3 games too... that will give you an idea. but with unreal engine 4 and crysis 3 coming soon...
forgive me if this was asked already, but what are the preferred computer specs to use the oculus?  i want to make sure i'm able to play oculus enabled games at max settings from day 1.  what type of machine do i need to build?
is it march yet? the anticipation is killing me!
@martin all it would take is for the drivers to be able to take the second sensor as a relative point. this would reduce the complexity for hardware and software that would be using the oculus. if it is at the driver level, it will make things a lot easier.
@antony van iersel this was my original idea (a second sensor mounted on the motion platform), but it may be possible to do it using software alone by taking advantage of sensor data from the motion simulator hardware. however there needs to be a joint effort between oculus and the developers of motion simulator control software like x-sim for this to happen.
what i would like to know, can you use a second position sensor to counter out a motion rig, like in a flight simulator or racing simulator, e.g. joyrider motion platform. i mention the oculus rift to a friend that he should use it for his flight simulator rig he's building. he said, sounds good but head tracking needs to be relative to the rig, not the ground.
three months is a very long time for a 12 year old.
the mental image of martin f still sitting at his desk unable to get over the delay is as sad as it is hilarious.
i'm gonna go hard as a drunk southern baptist preacher when it comes to evangelizing leap motion controls (or their own proprietary controller) coupled with the rift. even if it's 2nd or even 3rd gen. i can see it now. all beautifully packaged with that new gizmo smell. taking the rift out of its snug plastic and styrofoam wrappings. admiring the superbly contoured bezel, i see 2 mean looking oculus eyes on the front staring back at me with the glint of a sensor and camera for the iris. if they could accomplish this in the future they would have to change the name to ejaculus rift!
(assuming that oculus is not going to change the delivery schedule mere days before the promised delivery date again)
we are currently at circa 120% of the initially estimated delivery time.
would my radeon 6870 be powerful enough to run doom 3 bfg at 60fps in stereoscopic 3d? or do i need a more powerful graphics card for the oculus rift dev kit?
anyone know if they had said if weill be able to use the consumer version as a regular hmd?, like honestly the fact that this had the gigantic field of view is enough for me, but super stoked that the device is much more than that
well, if you are familiar with a few level editors, udk (is what i use) is pretty easy to learn, mostly because it's been around for a long time and there is a lot of content, resources, tutorial etc... about it. basically if you are doing something simple, you can be sure someone wrote about the process. unity ( i don't know much about it, from what i saw it's also intuitive to get into it) udk there is a ton of content from all the unreal engine games out there, so it should be easy to find resources if you are not an artist, but as v.r passionate many geeks out there, i am sure we'll see some famous environment done by fans. (star trek/wars lotr etc..) it's going to be overwhelming i am sure, maybe way too much... there will be a lot of trash content because of that too... so the difference will be, after the novelty effect faded, about the v.r experience itself, usually the market cleans itself after a while... in udk you can script things with kismet (a visual node script interface), and it's neat. easy to create interactive things with it. about the rift as a viable market, i am pretty sure there is no need for the main stream or casual gamers to be a part of that. the people who are into v.r. will be a sufficient market for a while as they will be very dedicated to it (and spendy). how big the market is, that we will know in a few quarters... about motion controls from the look of it, the oculus team is doing a lot of research on that (also with positional tracking), and i can't wait to see what they will have for us in a..."while" valve is into that also and i am sure many others... this is a good time for v.r.
thanks olivier - yeah, you're probably right and i should wait... all the reports and videos are just so spectacular that i can't wait to get my hand on one of these things... how easy are those tools to create content?  i can code a bit (c++) and am comfortable with simple level editors - is there some really user friendly creation kits to use, or do you basically have to do it all by yourself? and yeah, i am excited about the upcoming announcements... i think it would be really smart for microsoft or sony to make their new console around something like the rift. i think the media echo and the public response would be very similar to the way the wii was received. something like that would really get non gamers interested and eager to try out - especially if it had some motion controllers that are better than the ones on the wii.
i have a small technical question about the way oculus output is managed : when you plug the oculus to your pc, to enable rendering as a "primary display" and have games launch on it, is this made by creating a specific patch for the game or will it be possible to use it as a "simple" display for any games ? ( i ask this because i have a hmz-t1 and to run games on it you have to set it up as a primary display which "screw up" windows desktop etc, also i am using 4 screens to make the things worse ^_^) so oculus as a "simple display" ? ) stereo but no tracking etc...) (it's probably a nvidia thing i am not sure) (3dtv thingy)
@michel baumann : well if you order one, it will be delivered on the second (or third) batch, so not before +may, that's for one thing. about the consumer release, there is no dates, just hints... i am sure they want to release it asap, but they also want make sure there are content for it, so if i had to give a time frame : not before a year, or if they have special plans not before 2013 t4... (all is guess of course) they want to have feed back from dev, so that won't happen before april at least, to make change or evolution for the oculus takes time and produce it takes more... about content there are indies and aaa studios, but if you are looking for easy content to visit like the bridge of the enterprise etc... there is a lot of talented people out there are the tools to make those are free, as we are talking about unity and unreal engine... there is already content for that from older games, but it is not that much work to fit the existing into u or udk... i am sure we are going to see plenty of content like that : rooms make by fan of anything. (star trek, etc...) but you know, this is a great time of expectations right now : gdc is coming in march, and then there is e3 with "ps4"  and "xbox720" announcement nearly for certain now, so there is a lot to come in the next 6 month... a lot... many people are holding their breath until these announcements are made... maybe you should too ^_^
i didn't get the devkit on kickstarter - but i am getting antsy again about preordering one... the thing is: i am not a developer and would only get it to consume stuff that other people built. now the real question for me is: when will the consumer version be available? i know they didn't announce a date yet, but is there something like a timetable? like will it be more like a year, 2 years or only a couple of months? if its a year or more, i have no problem about getting the dev kit and then upgrading to the consumer version - if its only a couple of months i'd probably wait. another question: how much content can we expect. will it be easy for indy developers to make good virtual reality environments - not necessarily games, stuff like the bridge of the enterprise, a deserted island or perhaps the times square. and will those be easy for me to get?  or will i have to play doom and hawken to death and wander through those medival village they showed at the shows...
@jj: nothing goes onto a sony, microsoft or nintendo console without their approval. they all have a very complicated process for that. i agree that they all would probably go for their own headset though. they do have the technical capabilities for it, the only reason they haven't done it years ago is that the people there are close-minded corporate drones. stuff like the kinect and move were bought in from startups or are just direct reactions to competitors (or both). if the consumer rift is successful, it might be what causes them to start this development.
@adam, it is probably unlikely that ms or sony will support the rift with their consoles (though i wouldn't count it out, and theoretically a game could add support without approval). but usually ms and sony make their own hardware and plus sony has their own division which does headsets (granted they have a different focus) so they would probably lean on that if they did. if they did support vr i would imagine it would need to be something like wireless hdmi or similar (like the wii does for the second screen).
@adam stamos: it's more the other way around… the rift uses hdmi+usb, both of which are available on ps3 and xbox360, the question is just whether ms and sony are allowing it. at the moment, the pc is getting stronger again anyways.
show anybody that's skeptical about the rift this video! really genuine reactions. it feels like a big transition period is coming like when we went from 2d sprite based games to 3d polygonal, or from gamepads to 2 analog joysticks. there will be subject matter that can only be dealt with properly on the rift, like lucid dreams. we shall see, but this is quantum leaps better than when i played dactyl nightmare on that 10 ton monstrosity. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i'm sure this has been asked some where in the previous 1300 posts but what are the odds of seeing the oculus rift get support for upcoming next gen consoles?
looks like the leap controller is launching the same time as the rift - vr goodness heading our way soon, i can almost smell it!
from 5:45 - www.youtube.com/watch… "we are definitively interested in adding positional tracking both, for the consumer version and, potentially, as an add-on to the developer kit" actually the whole video is really interesting, some technical issues related to the new pannel.
yessssss!!!!! http://m.computerandvideogames.com/386776/valve-to-detail-team-fortress-vr-port-at-gdc
samsung flexible display http://www.youtube.com/watch…
have you guys checked out the new flexible samsung display at ces. wondering how fast it is. it looks absurdly light and seems like it would make the rift more ergonomic and give a better form factor to the consumer version, if they make it at the right size and resolution. samsung youm flexible display demonstration @ ces 2013
from 4:00 - http://on.aol.com/video/virtual-reality-from-headsets-to-handhelds-517341756 seems every day more clear that is impossible for vr to crash again.
the wait. it's killing me.
when it arrives on my doorstep in march, wil it play doom/hawken/anything on my macbook or macbook pro?
hmm.. this might be interesting together with the rift http://www.g-matecontroller.com/en/products/index1.html
@rick that verge post was great. he said wearing the rift was like crushing weed into a paste, smearing it on crack and smoking it. had me lol'in. i guess oculus has their official marketing campaign slogan.
look at these other verge shows: live demo + interview with palmer http://youtu.be/lcb19lzaxs8… huge endorsement from the hosts http://www.theverge.com/2013/1/8/3853914/the-vergecast-after-hours-ces-tuesday (starts @ 35min) vote for oculus rift @ readers’ choice for best of ces 2013: voting open until 1/10 at 12 pm et http://blog.laptopmag.com/readers%e2%80%99-choice-for-best-of-ces-2013-voting-open-until-110-at-noon-est#pd_a_6818184
these guys are gonna be filthy frikken rich!  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
just wondering will the epic citadel demo be available to the dev kit backers when its released?
just watch oculus on theverge (the demo with nilay patel and ross miller)!! awesome awesome stuff.. i can't wait till i get my hands on it!
now very excited!
the verge have done a feature on the dev kit. http://www.theverge.com/2013/1/7/3848914/oculus-rift-deep-inside-the-immersive-disorienting-virtual-reality
yeah, it's reassuring they're thinking how to get rid of that limiting and old-fascioned  gamepad controller they're actually binded to! it seems clear the first consumer rift will not be so different from the dev version (except for the increased resolution and absolute positional tracking); but if it proves successfull, then the following year the 2.0 version will be completely wireless (audio support too), with a custom 2560x1440 120/240hz oled screen, full body tracking and some sort of hand controller with the same sensor as the hmd itself. my bet isq4 2014  for the official announcement of the rift 2.0 :d
@desmond jh this update alleviated the only fear that i held as well, which was, are they taking a holistic approach to control schemes. the answer seems to be a resounding yes! a couple of things i noticed with videos of people who have tried it.  1) they are truly immersed and are giddy when they take it off. 2) some people instinctively put their hands up in front of the rift to see their virtual hands.  something tells me if joe public puts on a consumer rift and can see his virtual hands, the magic of that will take the rift past ipod/pad levels.
this is the part that i liked more about the update: "we’re also researching [...] alternative controller input" "you’ll help lead the design and engineering of oculus products, including the rift" that is what i was hoping to read: oculus products. like in a hand motion controller made specifically to work with the rift.
oh dear god... i cant wait to tinker with the sdk. every update just makes me want it more, and i already have so many projects in mind. the fact that you are hiring is awesome! this is a good sign and i am happy to see it. i just wish that i had a chance to get hired and work with you guys, but alas, i am a mere college student. great work so far oculus, cant wait to see the final product!
arstechnica did a great write up on abrash's latest blog post with comments from the oculus team: http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2013/01/how-fast-does-virtual-reality-have-to-be-to-look-like-actual-reality/
i also enjoyed reading abrash's blogpost and i have to say, i'm even more excited now about the rift - is it gonna be awesome, or will i be disappointed? :) it's a very nice excitement though, i can't remember the last time i was this excited about a piece of technology. any news on the sdk? i'd love to start working on a few projects i'd like to try out with the rift as soon as it arrives.
i'm absolutely positive the rift will be a total paradigm shifter. i know his blog was aimed at display manufacturers. im personally ready to be a loyal subject when oculus launches its maniacal plan for world domination..muuhahahaha!!(thanx for the reassurance though.)
@tremayne -- abrash has a lot of great points in his most recent blog post and he may be correct that sub-7ms latency is required for ar/vr to be "indistinguishable from reality". he's also correct that the onus of bringing down display latency is largely on the display manufacturers. that said, we believe you can have a compelling, immersive vr experience using hardware that's readily available today without having to hit that 7ms extreme. the hardware we use in the consumer version will be even better. -- nate
m abrash wrote in his blog," that there is no way to get low enough display latency out of existing hardware that also has high enough resolution, low enough cost, appropriate image size, compact enough form factor and low enough weight, and suitable pixel-quality for consumer scale ar/vr."  he makes it seem pretty insurmountable on all current displays. i'm hoping he is just venting and that there are solutions that can circumvent his worries. what do you guys think of the blog.(http://blogs.valvesoftware.com/abrash/)
@desmond we will be waiting another 3 to 4 months before the dev kits are actually available.  based on the planning i think we can expect just 4 more updates: - info on the tracker (january) - unassembled prototype shipping announcement and final design (early february) - info on the sdk (late february) - final shipping announcement (march) i seriously don't expect any more than that.
at least you should release the sdk already. when you first announce the delay, i was like 'ok, thats understandable'. now, after another month of total silence, i am starting to be a bit worried. seriously, put up the dev center, and hire a community manager. this is just going down...
they already told you they are coming in april.
december has come and gone and we still haven't received news on our 2 dev kits from backing either. please post an update regarding status. thanks.
any idea when the early access dev kits are going out? hope it's not the same time as general pre-orders, that would suck :(
yes and yes. :)
update14: "we are putting together a series of updates for our backers about the changes we've made to the design and we thought we'd start with the display." that was a month ago. looking forward to read more about the hardware design changes. i assume the next update will describe the tracker. is update 15 to be released anytime soon? also, it seems to me that many indie devs are already working on rift related software (my self included). we could use an oculus rift sdk official forum, were we could discuss gameplay ideas and technical issues/challenges. any chance this could be launched pre-devkit release? happy new rift year! :)
@ endothermic hmm, seems like the microsoft kinect can do some of those things besides the force feedback. but really, is force feedback any good at this point? isn't it really just vibrating stuff around you. i don't care if my chest vibrates because i've been hit in the chest. that isn't how a real gun shot feels anyway. i would be more interested in light scapes for my room, or smell-o-vision. given how important and potent the human sense of smell is (however weak compared to animals) i think that would impact our gaming experience much more. ive read the most powerful memory tool is our nose. we can remember our past through smell very easily. the smell of gun powder in a small enclosed area fire fight in call of duty, or the smell of a forest in skyrim, or tropical jungle in far cry 3 would be very memorable and immersive i think. the smells don't even need to be that complex. just a small sample could be used for a lot of gaming environments.
fyi: "we’ve reached a funny point in display technology where the largest screens and the smallest screens are being made with high resolutions, but the middle ground seems to have lagged behind. lg plans to change that with a new line of high resolution displays for 7-inch and larger screens. we’re only weeks away from the consumer electronics show in las vegas, and that means companies will start to announce what you can expect to see from their presentations at the show. we’ve seen lg sport 1080p smartphone displays, and it should surprise no one that one of the largest names in television manufacturing will be showing off 4k displays for larger televisions. the impressive parts are the display sizes. lg is planning to show off a 4k television as small as 30 inches and a smartphone display as large as 5.5 inches. what about the middle ground? the laptop and desktop display sizes that so many, including linus torvalds, have recently lamented as being woefully inadequate? apparently lg has us covered there as well."
it will be interesting to see if similar styles of devices appear over the next year or two. i'm more interested to see if the novint xio actually comes out though and is as good as they say it will be.
well i feel a right ass, though i really feel they dropped the ball on their kickstarter page, as looking back through it there isn't any mention of it acting as anything but a keyboard emulator, however ingeniously implemented. hmm. well i take back my entire statement earlier, it seems a fine device, and possibly worth the $80, though i'm still hesitant. the fixed position is definitely a drawback as far as implementing it in a more in depth vr experience, but like you said, cockpit view style games would be greatly enhanced by it.
that's what i meant by the game needing or support analogue input. if the game only supports keyboard then wasdio can only emulate keyboard so you only get wasd and shift+wasd speeds but if it supports analogue then you get the full range.. check out this video http://m.youtube.com/watch… at the end you can see it has full analogue range (since it supports it being a sim) and he even says "it's not just on or off" like when it's only emulating a keyboard. so if the game actually supports it then it isn't just binary input. you still have the problem of it being a fixed device though which would be fine for mech sims and what not but really need some kind of motion control so your not in a fixed position for proper vr with anything first person that isn't a sim.
happy holidays and thanks for taking the time to get this thing made right!
happy holidays and happy additional three months waiting time.
@endothermic actually they state that it's emulating the keyboard. when you move the joystick forward it is pressing the 'w' key. when you press it a little bit forward it would press 'shift + w' or in the future they would pulse 'w'. as i said it begins to answer that issue, but in all honesty barely. at most you get 3 separate speeds instead of a true analog spectrum of speeds. i'm not saying that it's a terrible product, or a bad idea. i just personally think it's a touch expensive for a product that doesn't completely answer a concern. i actually really like the idea of a controller that is used alongside a mouse, or any other fine grain input, but it doesn't answer the problem of keyboard + mouse as elegantly as i would hope at that price. i think it's a bit assumptive to say that any given player is going to have $300 for a display, $80 for a controller, ~$300+ for a computer (let's face it, a $300 gaming rig isn't going to run two parallel perspectives in any game world), plus the money for all the games.
@jason only the actual buttons on the wasdio are binary action, the actual part you hold that controls the wasd movement is actually a 2 axis joystick. you don't see it in most of the videos because the game would need to support analogue input rather then just binary although there are some parts in some videos where you can see they press a little and the avatar moves slowly then moves faster when they push it further. i still wont be pledging for one though as there are quite a few people on various forums who profess to be an expert (or otherwise know what they are talking about) saying using the wasdio will lead to rsi relatively quickly compared to using a joystick because of the different movement when going forward and back due to the hand being horizontal instead of vertical. would be nive to hear more professionals opinions on that.
@mario @taylor my only issue with hand/glove tracking is that making a gesture to move seems awkward. even something as simple as pointing your finger or moving one hand forward/left/right/backwards seems incredibly unintuitive. i would think something like the hydra razer would allow for better body control while still getting most of the hand/arm movement. it's far from perfect, but i feel it's probably the strongest contender at this point. of course this is all speculation and silly argument as it all really comes down to what the player has at disposal, and or feels to be valuable enough to throw their surely limited funds at. @mal the wasdio at first glance seemed neat, but the issue i see is that it emulates a keyboard, so while it does fix many of the issues i have with keyboards (an array of buttons is hardly intuitive interface) it only barely begins to deal with many others (the binary action of a button press being the biggest).
wasdio is a bit to close to a normal joystick for me. and i don't see how it would be better than a gamepad. in fact, i think it would be slightly worse, because you would need a mouse to turn around.
@mario basiola you should check out the leap for a controller if you haven't already. should be shipping in the near future (i would say almost certainly before the rift). www.leapmotion.com incredibly accurate, remarkably low priced. i certainly plan to combine the rift and the leap.
for starters i believe the xbox controller will be good enough for vr. looking into the future, i wish for lightweight hi precision tracking gloves.
for a movement control mechanism to use with the oculus, this looks kinda interesting... http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/matterdaddy/wasdiotm-the-pc-game-controller-for-action-games they also look like they might need a bit of help to cross the line, according to kicktraq - http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/matterdaddy/wasdiotm-the-pc-game-controller-for-action-games/
is there a reason why the "doom 3 bfg" can't be sent already? as i understand it, just some code needs to be sent and that could be done by email. when the rift sdk will be released it could just be patched.  this early doom shipment could also lower administrative work in spring.
@thegameveda nice review have not toyed with those hmd's, (or any really) i understand the physics of what is going on and am looking forwart to playing with that. i hope they do have some manual adjustment in the consumer version at least for those with different eyesight needs. seems we may need to apply dof anyway and blur anything within 5-6 inches from the bridge of our noses (the point at which my eyes hurt to look at the tip of my finger) thanks for the input joe!
hi folks! i was the attendant (“please return your seats and tray tables to their upright and locked positions…”) running the demo at i/itsec. in regards to the divergence effect that justin link is referencing, it’s down to basic geometry. as an object nears in reality, your eyes reach a point where they physically can’t cross anymore to converge the object. at such a close distance, your eyes also have difficulty focusing on the object, so you tend to readjust both your focus and convergence on something farther away. the difference with the rift is that you don’t lose focus (since neither the optics or screen distance is changing), so the divergence at close proximity is more apparent than in real life. in addition, that particular demo is rendered with pretty strong stereo separation, which makes for a very immersive experience, but further exacerbates the divergence effect. it’s a balancing act, and it all boils down to what’s desirable for that particular application. same thing goes for the control scheme when we start debating efficiency vs. realism. as cesare piccolo points out, we’re just starting to scratch the surface and build on vr with the advantages of contemporary technology. there’s no right answer, and it’s going to be up to you to help define the experiences you want create for fellow gamers. -joe
i have started to notice that maybe 80 percent of the commenters that are completely unreasonable have only this single project backed. as if they saw all the press and scampered over to kickstarter to buy a pretty new toy, not fully understanding the web site, and having the proper expextations of funded projects. where conversely most of the people whos comments are entirely pleasent to read almost all have 4 or more projects backed. jb electronic has 22? nice! gonggeer has 4, i have 4, wookiee has 7, tim shepherd while remaining reasonable still wanted a refund, he only has this one project backed. prowlmedia has 5. no, its not a scam. yes, its unfortunate that there was a delay. on a positive: when they arive the devkits will be better than what you donated money for. just a fact: there is no one compeating with oculus at the moment. they are the olnly ones providing this experience. this is a point in time where you can wait, or you can have nothing at all. you cant bet on the wrong horse when there is only one horse, just wait for them to finish. they are creating something that did not exist when you donated.
i dont think oculus was in any way trying to scam us. think about it. why would you choose a virtual reality headset for the scam device? that is an extremely niche product.it was and still is a huge gamble for oculus to form their company around this one device. on the other hand, the point that martin is bringing up is a good one. if kickstarters are funded, they get the money?, but customers don't necessarily get the product. what is stopping a successful kickstarter from taking our money, and using it a loan to start a company, and just saying the merchandise is "delayed" until they are setup as a company. oculus wouldn't have raised the $2.4 mil if they didn't promise a product. and even though the december delivery date was an estimate, that date certainly got them more money versus saying it would come out in april 2013. which they knew for at least a month and didn't tell us.
change you icon just to show how angry you are.you must love rift so much.and you've been talking about this   for a while.you dont want this anymore?
@martin f i actually agree with you on several points, but you are taking this way too far.  it is normal for kickstarter projects to miss their estimated delivery dates.  at least this one is getting some upgrades out of the extra time.
be happy for the extra time you have for flipping your screens back and forth. :)
kickstarter should alter their rules to include a section that limits postponing the delivery date to a certain percentage of the original estimate. if you postpone by 100% of the original delivery date, you are a scam. thanks oculus for making me feel that private funding feels like a scam.
@ wookie one development in hmds of late it the individual lens dioptre adjustment that tackles short sight and focus for each eye. the cinemizer oled is the first hmd to use this as a result when i look through i can correct for focus and short sight and see a perfectly clear picture.. on present hmds like the zeiss and the st1080 you can see a perfectly flat screen without the sweet spot  horror of the hmzt series . i joked to the founders of smd that to make the ideal hmd you would need the skills of a great optometrist and optics company , that is what you have with zeiss.check out my year long experience with current hmds here http://tinyurl.com/chvo6w3 hopefully palmer and co will use the time to refine the rift learning from users of other hmds along the way
at this point all speculation... man i cannot wait to start tinkerin. wishlist: that those lenses can be adjusted towards and away from one another (like binoculars... hope thats what those screws on the side are for) software can take care of the rest.
@martinp that may also be true... still something seems off maby a slightly asymetric fisheye or something to generate that focal point in the optics. the movement of the retina behind the oculus lense when we focus on a different point is a physical displacement of the focal point of the lense on our eye, so may be a focal point ever so slightly towards the bridge of the nose for most veiwing. i know it is realy splitting hairs but the eye is one hell of a peice of precision hardware. oh well more to experiment with when we get it. :d
@wookiee: ... just parallel to one another (not how we see in reality)... parallel cameras is the correct way (or more natural). you must consider how are the rendered images presented to the viewer and in this case it will be images on plane (provided perfect optics is used) at infinity perpendicular to the viewer. if you would use converging cameras then you should also use two individual planes (perp. to each cam view direction) to present the image to the viewer (to get the perspective perfectly correct)
by what he described, they must be using paralell cameras  (behind the zero plane)..that makes sense, since crossing the cameras would create trapezoide misalignment on the corners.another alternative would be shifting the frustrum of the camera so you can have cross without the misalignement.
i just created a google plus 'community' for (future) rift owners: https://plus.google.com/communities/106623427963199782932 maybe we'll be able to share stuff once they are released.
@wookiee: i'm not sure what the set up is... i asked that question specifically and he wasn't able to give me an answer based on his knowledge. i doubt though that if there are multiple cameras they focus on a single focal point as figuring out what your eye is focusing on would involve a technology that is not present in the rift. however, you do bring up an interesting point which is designing in focal length to their shaders. objects outside normal focal length could be split and would appear blurry, giving you depth of field like you mention. i'm not an expert on optics, but i think this concept could work and would provide a more realistic depth perception.
cheers for that justin... wonder if they are using a focal point for the 2 cameras or if they are just parallel to one another (not how we see in reality) might be something to experiment by casting a ray forward from between the two cameras and having them focus on whatever it hits. may fix the "stopping on a plane" issue you faced (if something is right in your face the cameras almost go cross eyed). as a side effect it will probably give free depth of field as well.
@justin link thanks?excellent hands-on!review!
@justin link excellent hands-on review! let's not forget this is virtual reality in its alpha stage, the consumer version will be the beta stage and, if it proves successfull, only the third rift will be the real vr 1.0 version!
@gonggeer: is there anything specific you were wondering? the headset prototype was the same one seen in this video (http://www.youtube.com/watch…). a few people tried it before me and one said he experienced some mild nausea in the demo, apparently one that was created by carmack specifically for the rift. the demo was a room with a stage and some camera equipment in it that you could fly around using the control stick for lateral movement and your head to look and fly up or down. the demo was a little better for getting a sense of depth than unreal tournament as it was rendered much wider, more or less from the perspective of a fly, than a typical game. overall, i would say the sense of depth was pretty good. i had one critique, which the attendant wasn't able to answer given his knowledge of the tech, about the depth which was that it seemed to stop on a plane somewhere in front of you. to be more specific, it was almost like i was watching a 3d movie on a giant dome screen, similar to the (old) back to the future ride at universal, obviously without seeing any screen edges. i was looking for something coming at me, like they do in cheesy 3d movies, which wasn't apparent in either of the experiences. as far as the quality of the screen, as i said before it exceeded my expectations based on all of the talk about pixel fill issues. honestly i didn't really notice any grid or screen door effect, although if you were looking for it you could find it. the bigger issues for me were the brightness and color contrast. the visuals seemed a little washed out compared to typical monitors or tv's, almost like the brightness was turned too far up. it will be interesting to see the improvement in this aspect with the new screen that is specced. overall though, feeling visually like i was in the world was a unique experience that i think will drive a lot of innovation for gaming. one other thing that's worth noting was the control scheme for unreal tournament. like i said, you had all the same controls you normally would with an xbox 360 controller, just with an added control of using your head to aim. the attendant likened aiming to "staring your opponent into the ground", which i thought was a pretty good analogy. after a little getting used to, it became pretty intuitive to look at the enemy and hold down the fire button. honestly though i don't know if having the crosshair following head movement is something that first person shooters will adopt; it was a little awkward as far as realism. i felt more like i wanted to look around with my head then aim with the control stick, although admittedly aiming with my head was more effective. i think overall it was pretty exciting to see the rift working as well as it was for a virtual reality headset, especially when you consider the price point. i think it's something most gamers will appreciate for its immersion and it will be really awesome to see how developers are able to innovate gameplay based on it.
@justin link  would you please write more about your experience ?more detail ?
hey guys. i checked out and tested the rift today at i/itsec playing unreal tournament and have to say i'm pretty excited to get the kit in march. the prototype they had there was very comfortable. also, despite still using the now older screen, the visuals exceeded my expectations and were immersive in a way i haven't experienced in a game yet. it was an interesting adjustment getting used to aiming by looking with the control scheme they were using, but after a few minutes it became intuitive and quicker than aiming with a control stick. i can't wait to start playing with it in unity in march.
@reinoud oh man that would be sweet.
now *this* sounds like the perfect display for the consumer version: 6.1" igzo display 2560x1600/498ppi. http://www.engadget.com/2012/12/03/sharp-qualcomm-igzo-venture/
@martin f: http://www.gottabemobile.com/2012/07/17/only-25-of-kickstarter-projects-ship-on-time/ says statistically, those unnamed "several" kickstarters you mention are the minority. i think this bit is interesting: "according to the research, only about 25 percent of projects ship on time, and the more a project exceeds its goal, the more delays it faces. so, projects like the pebble and the ouya have a good chance of facing delays if the data holds true. the delays are quite long on many projects. only 75 percent of projects deliver their products eight months after they finish."
once on my hmz-t1, i plugged a web cam like a 3rd person view on a light pole on my back, that was really strange experience (and cool) i look forward to that on the rift !
this look like fun research too : 360 degres vision ! http://www.inria.fr/var/inria/storage/images/medias/actualites/generales/images-chapo/flyviz-gauche-chapo/589114-1-fre-fr/flyviz-gauche-chapo_vignette.jpg http://www.inria.fr/actualite/actualites-inria/flyviz french news, soon presented at acm vrst (virtual reality software and technology) in toronto
@ plummet - since we're both working in the same direction we should keep in touch and compare notes, reach me at benji@capacity.tv
*or amazon sorry.
*i did not even take into account kickstarters commission, i think it is fairly huge as well.
actually martin his maths is right. at 4 a month it is 156 (little more actually) years, so it is hard to "proof" that wrong. even say there was 7 of em all making 4 a day each (possible if they had all the materials i think) they would have no money left as they are spending it all on the materials (as you point out 200 euro is about $300)  so this would never make it to market in the end. and it would take 9 months to fill the order... 9 months with no extra money to live off. that 2.5 mill is $325 per rift dev kit including shipping. it is just impossible, this is the only way it is going to work... sucks we cant get it right away but that's just how the chips fell.
anyone know if the new oculus display has led backlighting?
@christopher mcconnell: several other kickstarters here proof you wrong.
@benji- ya cinema 4d is a great package... you are headed in the same direction as i am with oculus. @sigurdur g. gunnarsson- your over thinking it ;) i don't need to create some system of capturing the images and some complicated camera set up that costs 1\thousands... i'll be creating all in softimage. i'd just like to be able to have a stereo qt vr player... on top of that i'd like a sort of unity thing that allows me to connect different stereo qt vrs for a sort of walk through and some ability to focus down and interact within the vr with some of the objects... like i said a sort of myst s3d qt vr if you can imagine such a thing.
@sigdur  i was thinking maybe its possible to do something where the stereo effect actually fades off as you turn your head, similarly to the 3d slider on a ds, you only get true stereo when you're facing forward.  that way everything is prerendered from the straight forward perspective, but as the stereo images start to become incorrect they simply merge into one perspective.
sigurdur, i dont think is that complicated considering you gonna use prerendered animations. its just a simulation of what would happens in real life.you make the shape of the screen whatever you want, 180 cilindrical, 360 dome, whatever, and you texture map the video to it.the same as if you projected the video in a dome or 180 screen in real life.the only diference is that you are placing the spectator in the right position for that type of screen. but if you want use real video, stereoscopy becomes tricky, you can make dome videos nowadays with 4 cameras and a pano software, but stereoscopy is a lot dificult. sea world in orlando has a new atraction tha consists of a dome stereoscopic video, but its prerendered animation. its doable.
@plummet interactive stereoscopic panos are going to be quite tricky imo.  if you think about them as two cameras that rotate, when you turn 180° the cameras have actually swapped positions as well as face the other direction. so to do this properly the position of each camera has to rotate as well around a central axis... and that's not something you can capture with a single image. maybe some weird setup with a tripod and two pano cameras side by side that quickly rotate one circle to record a video would to it? but then there are issues with motion blur, things in the scene moving while rotating etc :)
@ plummet  i've been working on a workflow for creating 3d prerendered animations for the oculus with tracking disabled.  i think this is a good place to start because we can render in stereo 3d and we don't need to worry about live warping of a video stream.  i work mostly in cinema 4d, and am familiar with the stereo workflow.  i'm looking at using some 3rd party fisheye lens setups to get the right fov, and once i render bringing everything into after effects for composting.  we might even be able to use mesh warp to get the proper warping in ae.
just want to know how oculus will handle defective devkits in case of manufacturing faults or transport damages. there is no mention whatsoever of product guarantees. so i guess that is off. can i as a customer expect a refund, or a devkit replacement if the devkit is malfunctioning on delivery?
yeah that nausea factor interests me a lot. i'd sure like to know what testing has been done with the occulus rift to see how susceptible people are to motion sickness.
@plummet that sounds great, just as an aside, since the original myst can now be rendered real-time would be interesting to see a port. if you make your project public i look forward to testing it out :) for the most part i am going to be making myself sick... not intentionally mind you but i think its going to be a fine line between inducing unease and squeamishnis in the player and out right projectile vomiting... not really looking forward to figuring out where that line is. :( i bet palmer and carmack both have a dedicated vomit bucket as well.
wookiee- have you ever seen a qt pano? http://history.delaware.gov/museums/jvm/jvpanaqt.shtml i've been wanting a stereo version for years... in fact i'd like a sort of unity (stereo) pano creator so one could easily make a sort of myst game or just very detailed interactive world... adding oculus to it would be the cherry on top :d
@cesar i don't know much about vid encoding but since you would not be able to get the full hd in the oculus you could always experiment with an imax 3d vid and set the rotation to pan around the screen with plummet's distortion lens, that may be kind of cool.
im thinking if i could use the rift for a 3d movie with head traking, more like a simulation of a dome movie that we see at universal studios (back to the future, simpsons ride).that would a actually be easy to make( the technical part, not the movie itself). basically i would need a hemisphere and a quicktime mapped to it predistorted at rendertime.i put the viewer camera at the center lokking inside the hemisphere and he could look around the movie. now to my actual question: lets suppose i could render 2 hemispheres side by side each with its owm movie playing ( stereo left and right) , if i turn off the stereoscopy in the rift and force to see the 2 hemispheres side by side on the flat panel, each eye would see the same head tracked hemisphere but each with the right texture on it. anyone agree with it? or im completely wrong? i would do it in unity btw. thx
@plummet thats sounds like so much fun! also i think you could render a complete panorama for each eye, apply the distortion map in real-time while viewing, then get the head tracking to look around in the animation (maybe not move around in it but google street view style thing) never thought of doing 3d animation rendered out specifically for the oculus.
@tim palmer did say if you have problems like this about money back send him an e-mail. he extended that to martin f as well.
wookiee- more specifically i intend to make some animations that are directly viewable with oculus. no tracking at all just straight immersion. someone making a player that lens distorts a large area stereo movie just in the location you are looking would be cool for some programing type but that's not me :) that sound like what you are talking about?
hey wookiee- the lens distortion map is for rendering out animations. mental ray can do it http://www.lume.com/manual/html/distortion.html and arnold render can too among others. some compositors also "- improved lens distortion workflow from 3d matchmoving applications to nuke. created a script for generating undistorted uv maps of a given size on the fly to use for generating a distortion map out of boujou, thus allowing boujou's lens distortion algorithm to be "ported" over to nuke as an inexpensive uv distort."- j.mangia
@tim perhaps you could try support@oculusvr.com. please do i and many other would be glad to see the back of you and your negativity.  oh and take martin "flipped my screens around and now am pissed" f with you. children both of you.  this is not a shop. not even a pre-order. as for constant communication. once every few weeks with tangible info is fine. given this is a tech project what do you want to happen. microsoft clone the idea and get it out before hand?
i get the sense that better communication will not be forthcoming .. i'm pretty disappointed.  hopefully not all kickstarters are like this.  any chance we can get our money back?  i'm willing to pay a penalty.
@endothermic  there are ways of communicating in an open, positive, friendly way to make us all feel a part of the process without having to constantly break promises.
keep up the great work oculus team!!! cant wait for march!
i am curious plummet what you working on with the lens distortion map? looks like converting regular stereoscopic for oculus. for 3d rendering? or are you going to apply it as a wrapper for 3d movies to convert them to oculus format?
i'm in the school of thought that says, if you go for a paradigm shift in gaming interfaces, you have to totally go there. things we couldn't imagine 10-15 years ago are now here, and ready to coalesce. that's why i support the oculus rift and leap motion(or something like it) being fused in one device so there is a standard set for vr controls that is comprehensive. i know that design is an iterative process and eventually it will happen. now if only they can shrink those omnidirectional treadmills to a sufficient size. lol
martin f: "oculus rift prototype. for ~200€. doable in 1-2 weeks. you suck." now build 7499 more of them. if you built 4 a month it would only take you 156 years to fill the order. all of a sudden 3 months doesn't sound that bad.
@martin f i'm embarrassed to share the same first name as you.
or to correct current stereo images i just need the right numbers to plug into this http://download.autodesk.com/us/maya/2013help-composite/index.html… very straight forward 1 image and 1 set of numbers and i'm off and running :)
i have found out that all i need for my work would be a uv lens distortion map ie. http://www.imagineersystems.com/support/documentation/images/lens_distortion_map_example.jpg i'm hoping someone with the know how can generate one :d then creating oculus  ready animations will be a snap.
"palmer's recent trip to china was to try and see if we could get everything done before the new year. we couldn't, as we found." ----- fictional story now ------ nov 6th oculus: just a quick update guys but with using a new tracker and the screen we were using being unavailable we've had to make some changes which will means they'll probably be delayed a month, thanks for your patience. pledger: :( well that sux but thanks guys guess you can't help when things happen. nov 15th oculus: hey guys sorry but with the new screen we needed to make changes to the casing which mean making the mould for that is going to take longer so things are gonna be delayed yet another month,sorry guys. annoyed pledger: what... more delays... *steaming face* not a happy camper! nov 23rd oculus: hey guys just another update to inform you that after visiting china it looks like things will be pushed back yet another month because we cna't get it all done before the chinese new year holidays which will be about 3 or 4 week delay, apologies guys. @*&#$^&%$ pledger: omfg!!! first the damn thigns are delayed till jan, then you tell us we wont be getting the bloody things till feb... and now!! your telling us they wont be shipped till friggin march!!! do you guys even know what the $&*@ you are doing!!! what you gonna tell us in another week the staples you use on documents were from a bad batch so things will be put back another month while you get new staples!!! ffs if your gonna say something make sure you know wtf is going on first! -------- end fictional stoy -------- sure i over exaggerated a tad but in this case i could only see frequent communication about delays rather then be more palatable, only magnifying each other causing more anger then silence and a single update about delays after they knew for sure where they were at.
yeah like making 7500 quality units + shipping them around the world is easily doable :s. not even talking about all the other micromanagement that goes behind the scenes. martin f telling people that "they suck" does not sound very professional to me. a person coming from the game studio company should know better.
did they notice they could not deliver just now? -> unprofessional) or did they wait until the last possible moment (impending shipment) to bear the bad news? -> unprofessional i have all the right to bitch about doubling the delivery time.
there's no point attacking martin, you're just behaving in the same way he is and it just causes more aggravation for everyone as it riles him up and the rest of us.   this is an axiomatic rule of all communication on the internet (and frankly anywhere). i would like to point out though that delays are more palatable if there was frequent communication.   this is kickstarter.   keep us in the loop.   talk to us daily about the ups and downs of what your'e doing, give us the inside scoop.  if something seems to be going well, let us know .. if something seems problematic, tell us!  we've entrusted 2.5m of our money on nothing other than the basis of a video and a prototype that palmer has done the rounds with.   we're not just investing to get a gadget in our hands, we're paying to be a part of something we think is cool and exciting. radio silence and constantly being kept in the dark is neither cool nor exciting.
in an industry where games are rushed out to market and than gradually fixed/finished through patches and dlc, oculus is making a great example by insisting to only send out their product when they believe its at a satisfactory state.  of course since this is the developer kit there will be lots to patch and improve, but what a great start for the brand, showing us that they will make sure every step in their development will be thoughtful and as thorough as possible, always striving to move things forward rather than sending out incomplete products for fear of angering their clients. to the people at oculus, i say look at how many loyal followers you already have without even having released your product.  and look how all this anger is really just the result of people desperate to get their hands on your product. also i wanted to post this in order to push the less respectful comments a little lower on the list ;)
jan wahlström come on?have faith
patience is a virtue. oculus is doing precisely what they should be doing. after the debacle which was the virtual boy, the last and i mean last thing a fledgling vr company needs to do is rush (in any way) to market. this, after all, is the reintroduction of vr to the masses and the slightest misstep could mean niche market forever! now, to all the people up in arms, ask yourselves if you really want that? if the answer is no, then it's simple...wait....and wait some more if you have to. nowadays we get highly pissed if it takes too long to cook a hot pocket in the mic. lets be glad they are methodical. to the oculus team, thanks for moving gaming in the right direction. i hope one of the majors infuses you with a ton of capital and marketing!
not really people are just sick of hearing the same old complaints about it being late, its like that guy that constantly complains about the heat as if it does not effect anyone else. as my mates would say, "suck it up princess." we are all a bit disappointed we wont get it for 3 more months but throwing a tantrum just gets old for everyone involved. common arguments include. i wanted to give it as a gift for x-mass: this is not a toy it is not even finalised, there is practically no software for it... that's our job to make said software not to play doom and hawken and inevitably complain about how buggy they are (and they will be) but to offer help and suggestions and hopefully code to fix the issues. my dev team is already assembled got time off work, we invested in an office, any other dev related thing: this is poor business planning to base a future company on something that does not yet exist unless you have insane amounts of capital and if that's the case you can eat the cost. the sdk will still be out on time and there is tons to do besides having your whole dev team in the oculus... which seems weird to me unless your testing some multilayer thing constantly. get cracking on art, engine, assets, gameplay, bug squashing, balancing, polish.) hell my game will still probably be place holder graphics when i get this thing, and i still wont be ready for a proper implementation, we all need the device to test out certain effects, but whether those effects work now or in 3 months time makes no difference... hell you cant even sell/distribute your game for another year until the retail version comes out. since i am only getting it one month before everyone who did not back what was the point of backing: the point of kickstarter is to help a project get off the ground... that's the point of backing. not to get something first, that's a bonus if it happens at all... if your main concern was turning a profit scalping on e-bay, i am not going to tell you that is wrong, but if you are a scalper then you should be aware of the risks involved with it, complaining here will get you no sympathy from anyone. i am ticked that they waited so long to tell us it would be late: would it have made any difference? the screens they were going to use have been discontinued, 10 times the backers they were expecting, the fact it was going to be late is no real surprise but it is disappointing we all agree on that, on the flip side we get less ghosting, more vibrant colours, less latency + more accuracy on the 9dof sensor (i hope). as for not telling us until now, well if they told us earlier with no sure date just said "it will be delayed... we don't know for how long." may have been more damaging but this is a contentious point i will admit, but its done now which brings me to the last argument. i am just angry and don't know how to deal with it: blowing off steam is fine but if it does not help your anger try something else instead of more of the same. ultimately anger is pebkac and not for the oculus team to deal with, they are not shrinks. identify why you are angry, if it is one of the points above defuse it... you will live longer. if it is something else try thinking it through instead of raging it through.
wow, it sure smells like fanboys in here.
@martin f - dude, what are you trying to accomplish? just let it go, the delay is going to happen, regardless of what you do and what you say. you found some parts to make your own rift; good, go build your own and stop cluttering this comments board with your excessive bitching and crying.
martin f. - i fail to see what you are upset about. if your game is being designed explicitly for the rift you will still get your five well before the consumer rift releases, and honestly if this is a time sensitive project why are you hinging it on unreleased technology? if the rift isn't necessary for your game then release the game when it's ready and patch rift compatability when you have that ready. the rift is the last stop on the rendering pipeline, and while some optimization may be necessary, it shouldn't be something you need day one to get your game into a playable state. take this time to better enrich the play experience, and be glad the rift is going to exist at all, considering the state of vr for the past two decades.
wow martin. you even flipped your screens to portrait mode. so much dedication! as you may have noticed doing your calculations, oculus has almost none (if any!) profit margin.  aside from that, the delivery date was always an estimate, as noted dircetly under your pledge. and nobody is stopping you to develop content, warping can be done right now. head tracking should be easy to integrate as soon as the sdk is out. i don't really understand were all your rage is coming from. and telling someone that he sucks is not nice at all. you should be ashamed of yourself.
@prowlmedia i ordered 5. one for me, 4 for my fellow employees working in the same game company. i even flipped my screens to potrait mode to debug early development work we did for the oculus. and boy, are we pissed.
please let the new knobs on the side of the rift dev kits be ipd adjustments!  when i tried out the sony goggles, adjusting the ipd was required to produce a good looking image.  can't imagine spending hours developing for the rift without the correct ipd dialed in.
6.4" lcd (ebay, 90€) + lvds controller for lcd (ebay, 15€) + 9deg imu (tinkersoup, 65€) + aspheric lenses, 52mm (amazon, 9€) + print casing on 3d-printer (reprap, ?€) + remaining stuff (20€) = oculus rift prototype. for ~200€. doable in 1-2 weeks. you suck.
for those who can't wait, you can always make your own: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
@endothermic totally agree with you! people if you just wanna get a new tech stuff rather than supporting a project and give encouragement to the creator, you should quit kickstarter.
@oculus thank you for the update, and a host of new specs, better screen etc. sure, for some the delay could be disappointing, but i think it was inevitable—given the circumstances and marvelous upgrades you did since the kickstarter started. i have waited 20 years for this, so couple more months would not hurt ;) keep up the great work!
well all this whining about the delay and wanting a refund is showing who were simply "buying" a vr hmd and didn't understand what they were pledging for even though i recall some of the names saying they understand what they are pledging for and they are not just joe average buying an hmd. even though i commented to some of them it sounds like they should wait for the commercial version, yet they stated no thats not them and pledge anyway and here they are crying about it. i also keep seeing people talking about promising to deliver in december and breaking the promise.... not once did they promise anything, look at the pledge to the right it says estimated delivery, nor did palmer ever promise december deliver in any of the interviews he did or any official word from oculus ever promise it.
i managed to find the answer to my earlier question about the lens distortion required in software while searching the doom 3 bfg source code. i noticed a mention about the 7" display that i was wondering about which now makes sense after today's announcement.
i am rely curious what you guys have in mind to implement. i got a few ideas that i would love to experiment with. 1) iron sights/scope up to one eye only (no brainer this one) so that you physically have to close one eye if you want to limit distractions. 2) (inspired by the thief series) garret has one mechanical eye that he can zoom with and remove to scout things... thing that has interested me is what would this actually be like? this tool would be perfect to see if you can get used to something like that, and may be even implement it in a game like thief. 3) everyone know the typical drunk filter, what if you applied them to each eye but they got further and further out of sync the more serious the "drunk" state was. (might try this one with a bucket near by) 4) experiment with making characters "feel" unsettling, we already know that the brain does a large portion of correcting for us so we might not notice if there was say a slightly different texture on a char for each eye or if for each of your eyes their position was rendered slightly different... say facing each eye directly. off shadows, doing things with it that are "slightly off" in reality but perfectly possible with this, movements for only one char out of sync with each eye. 5) ogre3d integration. some things will be easy to see early with the sdk others will have to be experimented on but can be implemented now. anyone else got anything cool they want to try out?
thank you for you reply, i have another question regarding the new screen size : before on a 5.6 : field of view: 110 degrees diagonal / 90 degrees horizontal what about the new one ? does the 7' will change that ? optically what is the difference for the user ? (bigger pixel, yes better screen yes...) so better fov too ?? it depends if you changed the distance between the eyes and the screen from 5.6 to 7 too... and this, i don't know...
@oculus how big a gap in time do you think it could be between the dev kit and consumer kit releases now then? it almost seems worthwhile to wait for the consumer version with better specs if it is likely to be coming in 2013.
while disappointed about the delay, i'm sure that the final developer kit will be that much better and i am looking forwards to having an opportunity to try this amazing new hardware. i hope that if they will be shipped, first-ordered, you will take into account the different pledge levels as well since i was one of the first to place an order but at the $335 level and hope not to be delayed any further due to pledging a higher amount. is there any information about the recommended distortion needed to be applied to images? i understand the sxs image and parallax effect but not the lens distortion required to counter what the lenses induce.
@oculus  i dont have a problem waiting till next year what i would like to know though is will there be customs fees and/or courier fees to people not living in the us im living in europe will i have to pay extra fees when i get my dev kit next year?
@daniel vazquez kickstarter is not a shop, but a means of crowdfunding. as such, it doesn't come with a guarantee of delivery at all, let alone within a certain timeframe. it's a development prototype, not a product, and prototype development can run into delays. all complainers should stop feeling so damned entitled; you funded their project, you'll get the fruits of that if it kills them, but it'll be done when it's done. sucks, but that's life.
“if you mass procduce them it probably means you will be instantly selling them to [end users].” @martin f - these developer kits won't become our consumer product. expect differences in terms of design and feature-set. when we use the term mass production, we mean manufacturing thousands of developers kits quickly to meet our kickstarter rewards. “the oculus logo on the headset... i could swear there is a camera in there... these colors and design... to complicated for it not to be something else...” @olivierjt - the logo on the front of headset has actually been changed to eliminate unnecessary weight in the front plate from those light guides. instead, there’s a single led light indicating whether the unit is on. "...will the software (sdk) unity and udk will be there sooner so we can begin working on project without the actual rift @olivierjt - yes, the software will be available before the rift's begin shipping. note that you can actually get started today building a vr experience and add the oculus head-tracking / optical distortion later, similar how we integrated oculus support into the unreal sample game (see video in update). "very disappointed at the sudden delay. there's no way you just found out about it, you should have let us know much earlier to expect a delay!" @wolfgang - we weren't sure about our schedule until we got relatively deep into the manufacturing process and reviewed our timeline against the factory’s own schedule. as soon as it became clear we might slip, we worked to nail down new dates that everyone was confident we’d meet. "what does this mean for the 100 people who were supposed to get the unassembled units a month early?" @nick - we're still working out the details around the unassembled kits and we'll keep those backers posted on progress. we're working hard to get those kits out as quickly as possible. we can't guarantee anything today except that we'll make sure unassembled kit backers are happy with the way it all shakes out. "you mention shipping the rift kits in the order pledges were received. how does that translate to to unassembled rift kit? if i was the 3,000th pledge supporter of the rift, will i not receive the hardware first?" @ed - the unassembled kit rewards will ship before everyone else (along with the handful of pre-kickstarter orders from mtbs3d). more details later as they're nailed down. for everyone else, we'll ship kits out as quickly as we receive them from the factory. this depends on how many we receive in the first shipment (though we *expect* more than 3,000). "what are those knobs for? those ones on sides of goggles? can you explain?" @iza - hah-- we can't explain yet. they're part of an experimental feature we added to the latest design. whether or not those end up in the final developer kit is yet to be decided, which is why it wasn't mentioned in the update. sorry we can't say more-- good catch though! "i want to cancel my oculus pre-order that was made using your website, however keep my kickstarter pledge." @ed - just send an email to support@oculusvr.com and we'll help sort it out. "are the shirts still shipping in november or at least in time for the holidays? :)" @jason - right now, the plan is to ship the shirts alongside the kits. if you ordered a shirt / poster without a kit, we'll let you know if they're coming early. "hey oculus, hire a community manager. it will allow you to answer some of these fair follow up questions." @voodoo - we're always hiring great people. if you're interested in joining the team, shoot your resume to careers@oculusvr.com. "i'm military and move all the time, by march i will have moved and the possibility exists they'll ship to the old address even after receiving the new one." @miranda - you can change your shipping address anytime by sending an email to support@oculusvr.com. if you've let us know about your address change before we've shipped your reward, we'll make sure your reward reaches you no matter what. -- nate
a lot of people are not upset about the delay itself, it's the delay in letting us know.  sure, they've shown their schedule to us now, but that's far from complete transparency.  complete transparency would have been letting us know that and how much of a delay there was going to be when they knew. @brian: 1280x800 breaks down to 640x800 per eye. wonder if they'll use the screen from the htc droid dna for the consumer version.  5" 1080p.
would have been nice to have next month, but am not surprised at all given the scale. fingers crossed all goes to the new plan.
it all sounds good and reasonable to me. thanks for the update! please consider working on a pos tracking solution for the devkit. perhaps as an addon?
@ gonggeer. thanks. i will do that. once again, not really angry about the kickstarted being delayed. i think it will be a better product in the end. i just want to know about the 100 unassembled development kits, and about canceling a pre-order that was made using the oculus website, not regarding canceling my kickstarter pledge, etc. :)
these comments are sad: "waaaah, i'm pissed because i want my toy now and want to cancel my non-existent preorder because it takes time to mass produce physical things!" when you guys graduate high school and decide to start a company from scratch we'll see how many people troll your idea. am i disappointed they won't be out in december, sure.  but given the massive response to this project and the component delays/issues, i think they have been doing the best they can.  also, the equipment upgrades are worth the wait. @scott weisgarber - why would they display  640 x 800 when each are fully 720p capable?
@martin f - you bought 5!?! because you wanted toys!! do you even know what this is.   or were you hoping you r could scalp this in some way and flip them on ebay.... it's not an iphone!   these are in no way the end user machines - you really need to read some more. @daniel vazquez - yet another person that doesn't understand what this is. the resolution is not a major factor at the moment.  the point is to have device capable of developing applications on for when a consumer device arrives. @electrix - it's a development device! not a fricking nintendo.  don't care what it looks like at the moment. so long as it functional and actually all you people that jumped on the bandwagon to pay $300 to play doom 3 are part of the reason that this is delayed.  that said i am happy as your money has meant more better development  and we are getting a better sensor / better screen. do you complainers have any idea how complicated something like this is to make.  the fact is they may have been able to deliver a couple of hundred of the original devices by christmas. but the numbers have increased massively and the process of delivering 7500 units is only more complicated but they are being completely transparent about this.
i understand, but i'm still disappointed since palmer said in mtbs3d the project could scale to thousands and thousands of rifts and still ship by december. also, what about the 100 unassembled early kits? i was the first backer of this project and decided to give up my spot and change my pledge from unassembled to get the assembled version with case, since the difference was just a month at the time. lack of information sounds like it was scrapped and those 100 people are getting the finished rift for cheaper, i know it's just 25 but it's still kind of a bummer. lastly, here is yet another kickstarter that asked for shipping information way before they were ready to ship. i'm military and move all the time, by march i will have moved and the possibility exists they'll ship to the old address even after receiving the new one.
hey fellow devs, thank you! this is a huge step forward and we're helping to make it happen. despite the delays, i know i for one am giddy with excitement. i'm thankful there is so much energy surrounding this project and i'm optimistic good things will come from it. every single contributor here is part of something big. don't lose that energy. =) hey oculus, hire a community manager. it will allow you to answer some of these fair follow up questions. also, as much of the purpose of a dev kit is to get and respond to community feedback, you'll want to start getting good at that ;) group hug!
are the shirts still shipping in november or at least in time for the holidays? :)
ed kociela : maybe you should also send them a e-mail?
palmer, please respond.
1. you mention shipping the rift kits in the order pledges were received. how does that translate to to unassembled rift kit? if i was the 3,000th pledge supporter of the rift, will i not receive the hardware first? 2. i want to cancel my oculus pre-order that was made using your website, however keep my kickstarter pledge. the oculus website pledge was done using paypal, fyi. please provide steps. i only want to cancel this iteration because i'm a.) confused about the unassembled kit that i, and 99 other people, should receive prior to anyone else, and b.) i wanted to receive the kits earlier, and not both in march (or a bit later). looking forward to a response,  thanks.
christopher mcconnell: best comment,ever!
the people who are disapointed seem to not really understand what they backed up nor do they seem to know how a business and pr works. had they communicated a delay a month ago but  without a fixed realease date it would have been a pr-disaster. they would have to deal with that mess and thats time they could use on building a better devkit instead. of course it is disapointing to be informed of the delay on such short notice but its for a good reason (better specs) and they had to adapt to the massive demand. i think they handle it quite well if you think about the scale of this project. to the people feeling ripped off: please go look at some interviews with palmer and tell me that this (very humble) guy is motivated more by money then his dreams (vr). to the people who wanted toys: this is a developer kit, the "toy" version will be the consumer version and you should have waited for that.
@daniel vazquez: read kickstarter faq... no refunds! but thanks for supporting the project! :)  you can't expect them to only charge 300 bucks, and give you a free 1080p upgrade... sure, it's possible today, but way too expensive! and the 5" 1080p screens probably has a lower overall quality, than the 7" they use today... more motion blur, bad colors etc. i'm happy with a better screen and less motion blur. and i don't have to upgrade my gaming rig :)
dude, people need to calm down. wookiee has really covered the bases, so...yeah, what he said. but @martin f, i'm highly confident that no one said the rifts would ship at the start of december, so i don't imagine we are being told about delays mere days before we would have received them. i'm not sure what you were expecting, the kickstarter said all but the first hundred people would have mass produced units, so "first batch off the conveyor" is literally the earliest dev kits anyone in the world outside of oculus themselves can get. 1/4th of an hour is only 15 minutes, 1/4th of a month is only 1 week and 1/4th of a year is only 4 months, it seems like you are focusing on the year part and not the fraction. no it's not christmas, but as wookiee said, they were never once advertised as gifts. i'm sure whoever you bought the rifts for will still be crazy excited, i wish i had a relative that would do something like that. it just seems like little kids throwing a tantrum because it rained and they can't go to the beach today.  sometimes it rains guys. let's play some bord games till the sun comes out. then we'll go to the beach, and it will be awesome.
daniel vazquez? okay?you are right,sorry.
@daniel v - you didnt buy, you donated. no refunds duuude!
@gonggeer there has been more than one person asking for a refund. i think it's safe to say there are others as well. it would be good for all of us to know if it's possible, not just me. so my statement is fair, and your mlk statement is a bit over-the-top.
daniel vazquez: stop using "our"and"we"and"they".you are not the martin luther king here,so stop represent me.if you want talk to someone,use his/her id.
what are the steps to getting our money back? i don't want a 640x800 display in march/april 2013. that is too late. they already have phones with 5" 1920x1080 displays available now. i understand it takes time to prototype and gather materials, but that is irrelevant to me. i paid the $300 knowing it was low resolution because i thought i would get it this year. by decemmber 2013 they should be able to easily do full hd. so 6 months to get a full hd version i'm okay with. and delays are okay, but it is ridiculous what they did in not telling us. with all the talent they have, not one of them understood the timeframes for manufacturing a product? they must have known it was impossible to deliver by december months ago. how do we get a refund?
what are those knobs for? those ones on sides of goggles? can you explain?
@michael: the display will still have the same low resolution of 640 x 800 per eye, but at least the overall quality of the panel sounds like it will be better. large pixels will probably mean slightly less screen door effect, as the image won't need to be magnified as much.
the delay looks like it'll be worth it!  i was expecting to have to buy a final unit to get a better display, but it now looks like the dev unit till be fine! so even though we're all itching to get it, it's well worth the wait - take your time, do it right.
@wookiee well said!
additionally there is nothing in that pledge that is not held up in the update... not so sure about those 100 backers with the diy kits.
... i didn't know wookiee were so... smart ^_^ ( easy to go on your nickname...) i totally agree, this is not a toy, or something for xmass, your money untitled you for what you paid for : a tool a sdk, and a project to completion, this is new stuff. getting into the fabrication process of hardware is a complicated universe, and these guys ( oculus) stepped into it, and believe me, it could have gone much much worse,  give your support, not you "untitlement" as a consumer. this is not a consumer product ! (xmass gift... seriously ?) it's a tool and finally a good affordable v.r. one this delay will not be as "impacty" if the software is released before the hardware. i finally understand y.solo now...  i am curious about the unassembled kit too !
the delay is regrettable.
wookiee: and what do you say about communicating a 1/4-1/3 year delay days before planned shipping? it says 'early rift developer kit' and not 'first batch off the conveyor'. in my opinion i am no longer getting the product described in the pledge.
i got the email and thought "here we go a delay" by the end i thought "hell yes delay that all you want!" @martin feldkamp the main philosophy is crowd funding projects, this involves exactly we (the crowd) giving (not lending) money to help start projects we want to see go ahead, rewards are secondary and greatly appreciated, its not supposed to be e-bay for future products. palmer said many times this is not a toy nor a consumer product. this is a developer kit aimed at developers and early adopters, the update has not changed that, but since there was 10 times more people wishing to get their hands on the developer kit it will take a bit longer, on the flip side we get better hardware since there was enough cash (and a screen was discontinued...) we still get the dev kit well before this goes commercial and you may want to buy the fully featured one when it arrives latter on down the line as well. how we should be looking at it: cool we raised so much money we helped reduce ghosting/motion-blur, got a higher gamut of colour, are getting a specially designed 9dof sensor chip built for vr rather than generic use, covered the tooling for that mass production later on down the line, got it out to the world. we the backers helped do this. this is our primary reward... we helped bring vr to the world and its going to be even better than we thought. i don't know about everyone else but i am excited to see this happen and happy to be a part of it. i cannot wait to see what people come up with for this i have a few ideas i would like to try out in the udk as well. @olivierjt +1 love to know the answer to this as well.
good news, i really impressive the amount of new stuff in my oculus rift unit..and thanks for the updates, its the better way to calm this hungry community of gamers and developers.. great work.
1. you mention shipping the rift kits in the order pledges were received. how does that translate to to unassembled rift kit? if i was the 3,000th pledge supporter of the rift, will i not receive the hardware first? 2. i want to cancel my oculus pre-order that was made using your website, however keep my kickstarter pledge. the oculus website pledge was done using paypal, fyi. please provide steps. i only want to cancel this iteration because i'm a.) confused about the unassembled kit that i, and 99 other people, should receive prior to anyone else, and b.) i wanted to receive the kits earlier, and not both in march (or a bit later). looking forward to a response, thanks.
what does this mean for the 100 people who were supposed to get the unassembled units a month early?
very disappointed at the sudden delay. there's no way you just found out about it, you should have let us know much earlier to expect a delay! just a simple 'we're overwhelmed by demand, expect a delay' would have been better than nothing! and now looking at your schedule if just 1 thing takes a week longer than expected, the factory will be on holiday and there will be even further delays. very poor communication. this was a christmas gift and now i have to go find a new one.
electrix?if you have a smartphone with camera,then you know it's a camera in the logo
oh, got a question ! so the rift hardware is delayed...  but, will the software (sdk) unity and udk will be there  sooner so we can begin working on project without the actual rift ? (as you shown in the unreal t demo, with a computer screen) any schedule on that ? ) in know it depends on epic etc... but...
olivier; if it is anything it's probably a led-light indicating if the unit is on or not.
oh my... the oculus logo on the headset... i could swear there is a camera in there... these colors and design... to complicated for it not to be something else... http://www.oculusvr.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/side_shot1_png.png i like the design of the rift, you came a long way ! , and there is still much to go. finger crossed for march. no gloss no finger print magnet this is good news to ! good jobs guys. that is too bad for chinese new year period that is 4 weeks slower than usual. i hope you will keep your promise on the updates, i love updates and insiders look ! i can't wait to have my game on this...
if you mass procduce them it probably means you will be instantly selling them to endusers. so i get nothing early, i just lent you money to get your business going. this is unacceptable. (sorry for another comment)
i'm think the same as martin below and ask the same question.
is it possible to cancel the backing and get my money back? i cant tell you how infuriated i am by the news of the delayed shipment a few weeks before the initally planned shipping date. i bought 5 rifts because i wanted toys, and i wanted them fast. the value of my toys has dropped significant if i have to wait several more months.
wow.. the latest pictures of the prototype really was a big design-letdown. a flat and stale-looking front really doesn't look good at all, more gloss would do wonders for the design.
4 months isn't that bad. looking forward to more video.
can you post a min spec pc for running doom iii with the oculus?
@prowlmedia we definitely want to be osx compatible. right now we're focused on windows development, but we'll branch out more once that's really solid. assuming we support osx, the unity demos/samples should work on either platform.
this totally sucks. such a delay out of thin air, just a day or two before the actual promised shipping, in december, is a rip off!!!! you are keeping the the costs low, to save money, to increase your profit. that's all. if it would have been your honest intention to deliver like promised you could have spoiled this new already weeks ago. this has not just happend, it looks like being planing for since a while... what is next? by feb 28, you send a mail that for some unforeseen reason the shipping will be just in time before summer? this sucks!
sweet, loves to now haves me that shipping date.
whoop. all awesome news.  don't even mind on the slip in delivery. hey you are making something great here. the dev kit is looking great.  cannot wait to see this in action with unity. is this going to be unity osx compatible?  and the demo games? or windows only?
quite disappointing news as this is a massive delay..
foretold update is live: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1523379957/oculus-rift-step-into-the-game/posts/357600
yesterdays "major update" has been pushed back to today. expect it around: 9am-12pm pst 10am-1pm pdt 5pm-8pm gmt/utc
daniel vazquez ,i have a feeling that you sell tons of rift and your clients are hunting you down.
holodeck with rift announced???? http://m.sciencegallery.com/events/2012/12/game-next-project-holodeck-and-oculus-rift
to be fair, the rift was a project that was first started on mtbs3d, and is where john carmack seeked out palmer's creation. palmer had been a mod there, and i'm glad he still frequents the forum. like christopher said below, you're more than welcome to browse, or comment there. also, the last update was november 9th? that's only 15 days ago, which i think is quite reasonable. it's not like typical investors get daily updates from the companies they're financing either. don't get me wrong, i love to get new updates too, but i'm not expecting to told daily progress, and every time an oculus employee uses the bathroom. i think having definitive updates is more important than daily speculation anyway. if you have ever worked on a major project, you know how this goes. at any rate, there seems to be a good chance that everything is still on schedule, but we'll know more very soon. :)
mtbs3d is were it all started. palmer has been a member there a long time, and has friends there. he sent a prototype of the rift to atleast one member of mtbs3d that i know,and this was long before palmer sent one to even john carmack. i don't think carmack was a member there at the time. when he first started this, i really think palmer thought he might only sell 100 or so rifts to just mtbs3d members. but carmack joined the mtbs3d board got to talking to palmer and the rest is history. i have been a long time member at mtbs3d and can say for sure. even though palmer pops in from time to time, since the start of the kickstarted he has not released any offical update there, that he has not released here.
not sure if," we will have info soon" counts as more info than here. palmer also said he's an adventurous eater the other day, most of the stuff is more casual and unofficial, where this is a more ridged, formal thing. you can totally peruse mtbs3d as well if you're afraid of missing out on things,but i'm pretty sure once they have real news to drop, it will be here. and that should be soon, so yay.
that’s simply not true. i lurk that forum every day and there absolutely no “special treatment” or extra information released. as the previous post pointed out, its mostly just a bunch of vr enthusiasts speculating and/or sharing their rift related projects.
nah, they don't release more information on mtbs3d than they do here. mostly it's speculation from forum members. some of those guesses may turn out to be true. like with the new tracker.
anyone find it a bit unprofressional and irritating how they give out more information about the status of the oculus rift on www.mtbs3d.com instead of their actual kickstarter website (or company website for that matter) where people actually paid money for the product, and are seeking information and left in the dark.
to be fair, the delivery dates are estimates and this was specified before the ks closed.
dycus, an oculus employee has said the following on www.mtbs3d.com "expect an update before wednesday!" http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… presumably that is wendesday in america
there will be an update soon, dycus said to expect one before wednesday.
can we have some sort of update? its the beginning of december soon
oculus fans, we are going to need a new control system,  i dont think the keyboad is going to be good enough i have backed http://kck.st/t2g2l0 it looks like it will be a great partner to the oculus check it out
kickstarter clearly states they accept no responsibility for projects delivering goods or meeting milestones. the oculus guys need to give us an update asap, in many ways the people that funded this project are like their initial investors.  they need the developers on their side to build the games and applications that will sell their (consumer) hardware, so clearly not the people they want to have against them.
is it possible to get a refund from a kickstarter that hasn't delivered yet?
just what he said. isn't the delay, is the lack of info. and this isn't complains about updates anymore, is us backers been deceived without explanation... i said! =p
there is no excuse for oculus not making a public announcement here if they can't meet there expected shipping dates and clearly unless the kits happen to be in the mail they have missed their expected date for the diy kits. there is nothing wrong with being late with ks projects but lack of information is what makes people so mad on ks. most people (read most) are fine with delays as long as there is communication. just because they are going to give you sometime better doesn't mean they shouldn't tell you there is a delay.
let's just be patient gentlemen, good things come to those who wait. i'm certain were going to get a better product in the end because of it.
@prowlmedia ...what holidays? i'm working. personally i would have been surprised if they delivered all the rifts on time. if they upgrade it a little, how could i complain?
@gary -  i am sure they are making the best product they can and they have already announced upgrades they had to integrate such as the giro.  i'd rather have a better product to develop for besides... who's doing any work over the holidays?
nah, they were making changes to it all along, and they have to program an sdk. software development is historically difficult and prone to delays.
only to manufacture! the rift was already researched and developed. if they end up announcing a delay than i would be quite upset as i was under the impression that i'd have the rift before the end of december.
this whole kickstarter is a huge experiment. i wouldn't be surprised if there was a delay. to research, develop, and manufacture a product in the timeframe they have allocated is crazy.
oh, seth. ;)
lazlo, come on.
so, i'm thinking, given the fast approach to november's end and the upcoming holiday, as well as just having recently settled into their business location, and all that i imagine must go into trying to make sure such a huge shipment of multi-tech component-dependent product would be qc'd and confirmed ready for developer primetime, not to mention palmer luckey's, no doubt, need to prep at least somewhat for his upcoming commitment in london... that we may all need to graciously let go of the expectation for a november update on surprise features, let alone a november ship date for the unassembled prototype kit for those who ordered that one (and possibly december shipdate for the assembled). i'd presume that with so much intense emotions surrounding anticipation of the oculus rift's arrival, there would be an understandably natural hesitancy to potentially trigger negative response by declaring delays until absolutely certain such delays couldn't be avoided. better to focus all efforts on burning the midnight oil, which they surely are, seeing if said delays might still be avoided, possibly sparing developer and early adopter anxiety, then only declaring such a delay in the final event that they might ultimately be deemed unavoidable. but, i say, in the name of supporting their amazingly tireless and passionate efforts to bring something wondrously fun to our worlds, and in fairness to their originally slated shipdates having only been declared from the start on their ends as "estimates" and not "deadlines," and finally, in the name of their wanting to do it right rather than rushed (as so many other tech companies have made the mistake of doing), let's alleviate the hard-working oculus team of a little of their anxiety, and extend them a gracious understanding of any potentially well-needed use of extra time to maintain the quality aspired toward in the release of their product, as well as the mutable leeway to give status updates only when comfortably knowing they can finally back them up with informed confirmation in due course, despite however otherwise anxiously expected. perhaps, though i might be counted among those that will inevitably fail, we can make a fairly concerted effort to put delivery dates and updates out-of-mind from this day forward, only to have them surprisingly return from the forgotten on that fated day in the future when we get an unexpected email notification. meanwhile, and in the very same vein, i think i'll simply wish the oculus team (--[grunt] [strain]-- presently beating back down my anticipation monster) a little more productive breathing room and in more ways than one... a very happy thanksgiving. :)
just wondering because it will be december at the end of next week
any update on how things are going?
still no update on the diy kits? with thanksgiving next week and black friday's large shipments they don't have long to get them out to make november.
microsoft has decided to include stereoscopic 3d within the direct 11.1 update (only avail on win8) it doesn't really matter, as stereoscopic 3d can be enabled directly with the video card manufacturer and dev code. this is just a shady move on microsoft's part to give more reasons for users to migrate to win8. win8 does support x86 code, however win8 and windows store apps have to comply to strict api set by microsoft. which microsoft hopes eventually everything will have to go thru windows store. perhaps something we will see in win9 eventually if everyone gets trapped into the whole ms store to install apps. anyhow, this a rant for another thread. oculus rift is heading in the right direction so far with its openness and its going to be an amazing product supported by a very talented team and dedicated userbase.
daniel, are you speaking of windows 8 in general or windows 8 rt specifically?  steam works fine on windows 8 from what i've read.
because oculus rift is small and  not making money right now. and pc game means games on windows.live before fight.
why not? minecraft and steam are doing it?
teach microsoft by hurting other gamers?that's not right.oculus rift is not playing freedom fighter here.
because we are trying to teach microsoft a lesson. they are trying to turn into apple which means they will potentionally cut off a lot more people if they develop an exlusive app store like itunes. i want my pc open otherwise im headed for linux.
why cut off users by not supporting windows 8?
i am sure they do too, i actually would love oculus not to support w8 ^_^
i doubt oculus uses 'native' stereoscopic support.  they have their own libraries to support it.
hello everyone, i am little worried about this and oculus... : http://kotaku.com/5959885/newest-directx-upgrade-only-for-windows-8-systems --------------------- a microsoft employee confirmed in a (tech-heavy) post to developers that "there is no plan for directx 11.1 to be made available on windows 7." windows 8 systems, meanwhile, are getting the 11.1 version of directx. the only significant difference to end-users between version 11.0 and 11.1 at this time is that the newer version includes native stereoscopic 3d support ------------------------ don't tell me we will need w8 to have "proper" stereoscopic support with some sdk etc... (i am certain oculus dev team is not as stupid as what microsoft with w8, but i just want to to make sure, i would not bear the possibility to have to upgrade to w8 to run udk in stereo etc...) cheers,
the diy kits are going out sometime this month correct?  that's still the plan?
well, if it's the only change in size that the screen is closer to the eyes, i would imagine that the fov would be even larger. but i am no expert.
actually the thinner rift prototype worries me. how does this affect the most important factor...fov?
really excited to see what all this secret stuff is that could be included, also the white rift in the update seems way thiner than the prototypes, looks awesome. can't wait!
awesome! great to hear :)
@ante vukorepa they are already using a new sensor that has a magnetometer, presumably for exactly that reason :)
@oculus peeps - have you considered piling a magnetometer on top of the existing sensor suite and using sensor fusion (pages ripped out of robotics/uav book) to reduce/eliminate the need for periodic recalibration? speaking of, how does calibration fare on long gaming runs? i'd imagine there'd be quite a bit of gyro drift involved.
lol! cant wait to join them... in january when reality gets really cold :)
maybe virtual tahiti =)
dont you get it? they are problably in tahiti by now laughing about this forum=)
transparency with crowd funded projects seems like a great idea.    it's fun to be a part of the process and updates keep us involved and excited.  we tell our friends all about this cool thing
one game/simulator i would definitely want/need with the rift is a rollercoaster game, where you can build/share/ride rollercoasters. currently working my way through opengl to make one, so gonna be fun =)
did they ever post the kgc 2012 thing anywhere? "creator oculus on october 12  hey everyone, we'll make our presentations from kgc 2012 available in english next week. we should have a general update on progress for everyone soon too."
while we wait for a update, check out this new oculus rift game: kung fu superstar  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
enough with the hints. a proper update will do just fine.
yeah even a hint as to when we can expect the next update
:) we are of course patient people, but a quick note that we are still on track to receive our stuff would be much appreciated!
on the contrary. i think the community have shown an amazing level of patience. asking for an update is not a big deal. it's surely about time to get one.
no it would not. oculus is doing an awesome and risky thing here. the least we can do is to show a little bit patience, and remember that oculus is making virtually no profit with the developer kits.
wouldn't it suck, if the unassembled kits arrived on 11/30, and the assembled kits arrived on 12/30?
if i don't get an update soon.... . . . .. .i'm gonna freak out!
@andrew lovvorn - while i do agree with you i think we/oculus will just have to accept a relativley high pressure on transparency. it´s just something crowd funded projects have to deal with.
@tim shephard: this is the only thing i could find in reference to updates on the kickstarter site: "if problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation." i don't believe any "problems" as in manufacturing or development hiccups have occurred, so i do not believe this applies to oculus. the only change (at least divulged publicly) has been the switch from the hillcrest tracker to the adjacent reality one. palmer recently mentioned on the mtbs forums that because of this switch, finding enough parts for the november shipments will be a bit difficult, and as such, the diy kits will probably be shipping in december. palmer also mentioned that they are still on track to ship this year for the kickstarter units: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… they did tell us it would be a few weeks before an update, i'm sure we'll hear something soon. just be patient, these people are not lazy or slacking off, they have a small team and are likely swamped with production. this is the case with any startup/product launch. i've been waiting most of my life for something like this, i can wait a bit longer, especially for an "update".
i think a part of the responsibility with kickstarter is that project owner should provide frequent updates.   i'd like to also know that all the parts are being shipped as well.
@markus sørensen looks good... but paintball is way cheaper :)
@daniel vazquez: to be overly technical, those videos are showing vr, as 100% of what they see is digital. but to comment about the holodeck, in star trek everything was created with force fields in real space around the person, so steps were physical things. not sure about going down past the floor, unless they are actually standing on a force field that is covering a drop before the simulation even starts. currently, i think the only way we could realistically approximate something where it feels like you are moving over physical terrain is with some elaborate haptic feedback rig. think the novint xio, but for the whole body.
sounds like this is gonna come down to the wire because they switched to parts, that may not be easy to aquire now. @markus the thing i don't understand about the ar stuff is that they are just in a rectangle room. so all augmented reality has to take place on a flat floor, right? how would you simulate walking up steps, or down a valley? that part always confused me in star trek, since the holodeck was just a box room. but i guess the idea of augmented reality is to use the regular environment and just add on to it. that would be pretty neat for airsoft battles. given most battlefields don't have access to real tanks. but then again, no one could really drive one because you can't simulate it. a zombie survival game would be pretty cool in augmented reality like in call of duty, except using your actual houses doors, and windows to have the zombies come in from.
just in case you guys are wondering,,,,, extract from mbts3d forum , mr palmer : we are working on november shipments as fast as we can. the situation is a bit different than when i started the kickstarter, though; the parts are not all entirely off the shelf, getting units before the main run is tough. i will update when i know, don't worry
i would love an update soon too, but while we wait, check this out: http://www.youtube.com/watch… not a consumer product yet, but it looks quite awesome! more info: http://www.roadtovr.com/2012/11/04/virtsim-virtual-reality-platform-1728
i would love an update as well on current situation as we are down to less than 4 weeks until the diy kits are supposed to arrive and the latest videos i have seen still says they are on track for nov for diy and dec for the assembled rifts. i asked a question about a week and a half ago with no response yet so i would love to get some public info about the progress. thanks!
@peter... paranoid much? relax :)
yeah or could you give us an idea when we can expect the next update even a hint?
ok, it's november now. could you give us an update? i realize you are working with partners that you can't divulge, and there are cool things that need to be a secret until they come together. i was really hoping we could get basic information like, "the necessary parts are on a boat and they are likely to arrive at our office on x", or "we're having difficulty sourcing a part", or "the sdk isn't quite right so we're delaying the project."  early adopters should be receiving their parts in 4 or less weeks, and finished parts in 8 weeks. is that a realistic possibility still? if parts are arriving by boat, they'd better be on that boat by now ;-) honestly, i don't mind there being a delay. it happens all the time. what i mind is being left in the dark until the last moment. best of luck!
i am pretty sure that is the lower level of one of the udk levels.
definitely not d3bfg. not hawken either. maybe a demo from udk?
@mario basiola: you are correct. they replaced the strange black and purple game with some new footage! looks like doom 3 bfg, but i'm not 100% sure...
@oculus looks like you have updated your ks video. there are some new in-game footage.  is that form a game or a demo?
the rift and leap are like chocolate and peanut butter. they have to be together. i can imagine the front of the consumer oculus,all beautifully molded with a set of leap motion eyes imbedded in the front. giving the same aesthetic flavor as the kinect(as far as how the sensors would be imbedded). both companies stand to gain tremendously from this partnering.but the consumer gains exponentially more.
interview with palmer with oculus rift prototype #6: http://www.youtube.com/watch… good stuff! :d
i hope you dont mind me asking will the update be early, mid or late november? of course if its too early to say at the moment then thats cool
you misunderstood, the new tracker is included with the devkit (or they wouldn't have a tracker) . what was said is that the new tracker will also be able to be purchased seperately for people that want t oexperiment with just the tracker or use it with their existing hmds etc.
wait, the new tracker will not be included with the dev kit. its going to be sold separately from what i understand.
i'm excited to see a hands on video, using the rift with the new tracker. it would be cool to see the iwaggle3d guys take a second look, as they seemed the most in depth and knowledgeable. really though, i just like watching people's reactions.
an indiegogo for rift compatible horror game montas just went up: http://www.indiegogo.com/montas greenlight on steam: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/…
@ ivan dubois : i heard they steal your mail a lot there, so tracking might be a good idea as well haha.
yes, the adjacent reality tracker is confirmed by palmer. the new 9dof tracker is screaming fast, the hillcrest looks like a better toy compared by. ;) it is also confirmed that the resollution is going to be 1280 x 800 for the initial development kit. the fov will be  about 110.
the dev kit will have the new tracker.
dear friends: if you are going to send international shipping to south america remember add a lot of protective stuff
so i tried reading into it and didn't see a straight answer. will the dev kit come with the new adjacent reality tracker or the old hillcrest tracker?
the originally prototype used a 5.6" screen. it is rumored the dev kits will come with a slightly bigger screen (and slightly higher fov because of that). @prowlmedia google fov2go. i believe palmer was involved in that project.
i believe the rift uses a 4" screen now.  the screen on the rift is a bit higher res than the iphone though, and iphone really won't have the processing power to play the kind of games you would want on the rift anyway.
wonder if anyone at oculus has hooked the optics up to an iphone 5*.. ( and the new ipad when it's available)... 8" screen too big? 4" screen to small? instant vr console :) hell keep the camera out and you have an ar headset! sure you can wire in the tech :)  you all appear to be pretty smart. *other phones are available.
i wonder if the dev kit would be customizable..thinkin about an aluminium plate on the front? my goal would be to design something like the hmd from ghost in the shell :) weight will be a problem but also acceptable i think...won't walk around with it all day anyway...yet.
looks like oculus has hired a former apple employee who is making them a pretty amazing headtracker, http://www.roadtovr.com/2012/10/25/oculus-rift-headtracker-adjacent-reality-1695
the oc rift is really gonna be a game changer literally. i hope some of the devs come up with a way to see your arms/hands in game.
i'd love information about the commercial product, but i know that's too early to get when you haven't even gotten the dev kits out. haven't bought the dev kit since i don't want to spend money twice, but eagerly awaiting the rift when it comes out commercially.
cant wait too~!
i cant wait!!!!!!
we're gearing up to share more information soon, but we're still nailing down details for our manufacturing, shipping, and sdk. we don't want to announce anything officially until it's 110% confirmed! as soon as we have confirmed details to share, be assured we'll let you all know. thanks you all for your patience and support!
the question was answered. be grateful. :)
informative! :)
they are going well!
so..uh...how're things going so far?
the best way to contact them is support@oculusvr.com. they answered me in less than 24 hours... the vp himself! =p
i have messaged oculus via kickstarter about a week ago, with questions about the shipping address, and haven't received a response yet. i can't fill in my shipping address without that info though, so please guys, respond!
depending on when we receive the game, i might just buy it myself separately.
@daniel so that we can get familiar with the game to better play it on the rift! lol
thats a good question. not sure what the incentive for them to give us the game early woul be.
so doom 3 bfg came out today.. do you think we might see our serials / copies before the rift ships? or do we need to wait for the hardware?
just wanted to confirm since i've heard numerous rumors of otherwise. thanks!
@terry masters uh-oh, it sounds like you dont really understand what you are getting. the doom copy has to be pc only because oculus will have extremely limited usage. even though oculus is able to hook up to the pc, it wont be useable for anything that is not specifically programmed to work with the oculus. so that means windows as well. so yeah. definitely no console support.
so if i had to guess, i'd say the copy of doom bfg is going to be for pc?
hey guys  came across this: new game with oculus rift support announced! http://ow.ly/esuqa looks like we're seeing more games every day.
@daniel vazquez, it's on the front page, in one of the expandable bullet points. @jim vaughn, why wouldn't you look forward to something with a long timeline? doom 3 and hawken both are integrating the rift at the end of their development, aaa games take more than a year to make, so the ones that are starting now that want to integrate the rift will take time to play, but i wouldn't imagine that would make it any less exciting to see more people making rift compatible games.
a video peering into the lens of a homemade rift. resolution looks better than i thought :) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
star citizen isn't coming out for two years so i don't think that is much to look forward to.
where does he say that about star citizen. i can't find it.
there is another game which will be oculus ready: star citizen http://starcitizen.robertsspaceindustries.com/ "we have backed oculus rift and will support it in star citizen / squadron 42. who doesn't want to sit in their cockpit, hands on your joystick and throttle, swivelling your head, to track that enemy fighter that just blew by?"
hey everyone, we'll make our presentations from kgc 2012 available in english next week. we should have a general update on progress for everyone soon too. until then, i thought i'd jump in and answer a few quick questions: @caleb we're working out distribution details now. that's part of the reason we needed everyone's shipping addresses now. we're not promising an exact date yet, but we'll announce one as soon as possible. @aditya we will provide sample implementation for the shader as well as all the details and specifications to allow developers to add support for other engines. @chris you can always email support@oculusvr.com if you need to change your shipping address. it may take us a few days to get back to you, so please be patient! @jared everyone will receive a code for doom 3 bfg edition rather than a hard copy. this should avoid additional shipping costs for everyone. @ivo we'll certainly do our best to avoid this situation! @michael amazon takes your billing address but not your shipping address, which is why kickstarter has a system for collecting everyone's shipping addresses. sorry for the inconvenience! thanks!
really hope could get an update here: for delivering to uk, do we need to pay tax for it...? what kind of courier are you using? i'm deciding where should i send it to. and is it i will definitely get it before christmas holiday? thanks!
will oculus provide a more general shader implementation of the transformation (or a description of the transformation at least) required for the image to look right in the glasses? i'd like to use the glasses with other game engines and this would allow me to do so.
here's one of the more polished version of the rift that i've seen: http://reviews.cnet.com/portable-tv-video/oculus-rift/4505-6494_7-35484869.html (anyone else with links, please post!)
damit i just took an offer to work at a games company overseas after filling out my delivery information. is there anyway to update delivery details until a cut off point? worst case i guess is i can get it re-posted over to where i am in december, but dang it!  going to pay twice as much posting the rift around the world as just paying for the thing. sucker = me :(
till date there is no actual pictures of oculus rift ?
will we get a code for doom 3 bfg upon its release, or will we get hard copies shipped along with the dev kit.
@markus i don't know man. if the variable few = 3 is of type float, it's real value might be as little as 2.51. which when printed on the interwebs would be rounded up to integer 3. so an update might be available in just 2 days tops! :d
hi, i am a backer from germany. i just got notification for leaving my shipping address. i am really looking forward to play around with the rift! i just want to give you heads up that the german customs expect an invoice or receipt with the price and the description of the parcels content attached outside of the parcel. otherwise they let the recipient of the shipment show up in their office to open and check the package together. i head this issue with a couple of other backings and want to make you aware of this. please attach an invoice outside the parcel, in case you sent the reward to me, or i loose half a day dealing with customs again.  thanks!
@daniel vazquez & mario basiola: don't think we will see any updates yet. it's 2 weeks + 1 day since the last update. the last update said "we'll announce in the next few weeks". few =  3 or more. so probably 3 weeks. in other words, we might se a update in 6 days! woho! :)
keep hitting refresh...were is update 12?
hmm, hope it's not tooo immersive.   we might have to start carrying around a little top like that guy in inception. http://www.popsci.com/gadgets/article/2012-10/popgames-where-are-our-virtual-reality-games
this is not the only kickstarter that will ask you for shipping details after a project is successfully funded, i have had to do it with other kickstarter projects. there could be several reasons for this, maybe amazon doesn't want to share user information from their servers for security purposes? who knows.
can the shipping be to a po box ?
@daniel vazquez that article about the vfx-1 was interesting, particularly: "consumer vr could probably go further now in the first decade of the 21st century with games like doom3 to boost the eye-candy and immersive-excitement factor and with people regularly paying over £250 for video cards alone, a modernised vfx-1 might do well. it seems however that the manufacturers have lost any interest in virtual reality and a reasonably priced hmd is nowhere to be found." that definitely sounds familiar.
so confirmed is the 1280x800 resolution, though it will be a different panel than what they have been using. also confirmed is a higher fov than the prototype. also, palmer has mentioned a couple times that he expects the dev model to look really similar to thei mockup design picture. can someone help explain how the optics work on the oculus. my understanding is that it works simply like a microscope. where you look through it, and it expands the image using curved lenses. actually a better more practical example would be binoculars. is this accurate? i haven't used binoculars for a long time, but from what i remember as a kid, they were a bit uncomfortable to look through. sometimes the image would be double (depending on the little focus dial), and sometimes not. i am sure i had cheap binoculars. also, the only reason the oculus uses two lenses, and two separate images on one lcd is for the stereoscopic 3d. otherwise, they could have made a monoptic device, without 3d, a 1280x800 resolution, and faster performance.
they asked you for a shipping address in august? i don't recall being asked for a shipping address. i thought it was simply a payment through amazon.
@helder imho, instead of forcing everyone to use the same delivery method, it would be better to let people choose the way they want to get their rift. for example, i don't trust my country's postal operator and would prefer to avoid using it if possible. although i'm not sure such customization is feasible for occulus.
i got an email from kickstarter asking me for my address for international shipping for the dev kit so i filled in my details on the kickstarter email. but i already entered my shipping address when i pledged back in august. why did they ask for my address the second time?
does anyone have an idea how oculus is planning on solving the translation tracking issue? are there sensors out that are accurate enough (accelerometer etc), or visual tracking (camera on the hmd)? any ideas? does it even seem feasible that they can get it done within a year?
what's the hold up and why have i not gotten my rift yet? i gave you my address over 12 minutes ago and i am starting to get impatient! ;) :)
for delivering to uk, do we need to pay tax for it...? what kind of courier are you using? i'm deciding where should i send it to. and is it i will definitely get it before christmas holiday? thanks!
well, if you're really that impatient you can always build your own: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…  (original thread) http://bitcortex.com/oculus-libre-open-source-hmd-inspired-by-oculus-rift/  (by author of original thread) http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:31758 (a very kick butt version created with ultimaker) i suspect i'll wait for palmer's version because i'm not that impatient and i'd probably end up breaking something making my own.
so, would i sound impatient if i asked, where is the update?
any chance of seeing the conferences on the kgc 2012?
great video with a updated oculus rift prototype! http://www.roadtovr.com/2012/10/04/future-of-virtual-reality-games-oculus-rift-1501
daniel: are you insinuating something? that history will repeat itself? there is always time for maturity and i believe the time for hmd is more mature now than ever before. - high dpi displays. - power to get real realism (gpu) - controls (6-axis, leap motion, kinect etc)  - the correct pricing (~300$) - huge market of gamers. we had none of this 1994.
http://museum.bounce-gaming.net/vfx1.html sound familiar? this is why studying history is important, kids.
regarding international shipment, since i am a kickstarter backer of many projects here is a comment of one creator richard haberkern  "helder, i have looked at all the shipping options and have found that you are correct. regular posts seems to be the best option and within the budget." sorry for keeping "pushing" my line but as an international backer i do not want to pay double or more in taxes and several others nonsense fees for what i already paid in my original pledge here in kickstarter, and that is probably what is going to happen if you do send via ups,fedex and so on... standard mail will do just fine and saves international backers lots of money
did you ever try the vfx1 head mounted display its neat but very heavy.
thanks mario i cant wait till december
@michael. according to oculus a modern mid range gaming pc should be good enough for use with the dev-kit.  i have no plans on upgrading just yet, so i hope my 3 years laptop with integrated gf9600 videocard still cuts it. if not, i'll have no choice but creating my own stuff, which is still fun ;)
"sharp has started production of full hd 5-inch smartphone displays":  http://www.fudzilla.com/home/item/28932-sharp-starts-churning-out-5-inch-1080p-displays
sorry spelling mistake there, i mean would a 6870 be good enough?
@mario thanks for the reply can i ask what graphics card would be recommended would a radeon 6870 be good enought for doom 3 bfg at 60fps?
@michael you dont need a stereoscopic enabled videocard for the oculus rift. any hardware accelerated 3d videocard should work. i'm not sure if the gf8800gtx is fast enough to render doom3 bfg in stereoscopic mode at 60fps.
is there a problem with direct sunlight and the inside of the headset?  more specifically if direct sunlight went through the viewers does it mess up/damage the system?  i have seen goggles similar to these like those used for movies or fpv (first person vehicles) and they get damaged since the light gets focused on the screen panels.
there's another thing i was wondering about the oculus rift im no expert on stereoscopic 3d so forgive me if i might be asking another dumb question but here goes. do i need a stereoscopic 3d enabled graphics card to play games in stereoscopic 3d with the oculus rift or does the rift handle all the 3d features while playing in vr? i am using a geforce 8800gtx at the moment i know its a pretty old graphics card would it be worthwhile buying a more advanced card for playing doom3 bfg on the rift?
i'm not able to set a custom resolution of 640x800 with ati ccc control panel, but anyway i don't care too much if i'm wrong or right, this december we'll find out :d
@ cesare if you are right, you could check it yourself. just run a game with 1280*800 check the fps. after that run the game with 640*800, if the fps is twice the fps of the 1280*800 run, you have your answer.
@will bybliw in theory you're right, but in practical terms, look at nvidia 3d vision reviews: if you're using a 1920x1080 resolution in 3d mode, the gpu has to process twice that resolution (one per eye) and you'll have quite exactly half of the framerate compared to 2d rendering, so the scaling is near perfect.  with the rift i think it's plausible to think that, if you have 100 fps in 2d mode at 1280x800, you'll have roughly the same at 640x800 3d mode (maybe 95 instead of 100). obviously, the oculus team has the definitive answer :)
@constantin i certainly agree that filling pixels (or bandwidth) is the more typical bottleneck, and that the 60hz split screen stereo shouldn't be as intensive as regular 120hz alternating frame stereo.  however, suddenly increasing total frame geometry ~threefold (stereo, plus the broader fov) will be bound to introduce unforeseen bottlenecks in engines that were never qa'ed for such circumstances.  i've tried looking around for benchmarks that show performance scaling for very low resolutions at very high frame rates (to try and mimic the sort of load we might see using the rift) but understandably there's not been much concern for that.
i am so impressed at how many things this company is doing right, in terms of how they treat us the community, and the support they have garnered from big companies. the only way i can see oculus failing, is if the actual product and experience are not as compelling as has been hyped. the product simply sounds too good to be true, which is my chief concern. i hope this product is the exception to the rule. i think a lot of the kickstarters are not people who fully understand this technology, and its limitations, myself included, and may be expecting something this product was not meant to deliver. also, the technical specs and hardware requirements are what have not been talked about very much by oculus. i hope they will reveal this information soon. i don't mean to sound negative, after all, i definitely want this product to succeed, and so far i am really impressed with the company.
@will geometry processing speed is rarely a problem. in most, if not all, more or less modern games fillrate is the bottleneck. so while i agree that running a game with the rift's 1280x800 screen requires more processing power than running the same game on a regular 1280x800 monitor, it's still much cheaper than 3d on a 120hz screen. @occulus is there any information about platforms supported by the occulus sdk? i mean not only "windows, mac os x, linux, ..." listed on the home page, but also hardware architectures (e.g. generic gnu/linux on arm).
@cesare  no, not "as simple as that."  while the resolution may be halved, you are still having to process all the scene geometry twice for every frame.  you also need to take into account the increased vertical fov of the rift relative to a regular 16:10 monitor.  if you are playing with a 90 degree horizontal fov on a regular 16:10 monitor, then you should have roughly a ~55 degree vertical fov.  the rift provides a 90 degree horizontal, but a ~110 vertical, so each eye is viewing a substantially bigger chunk of the game world.
regarding resolution and minimum hardware requirements, those will of course be dependant on the specific games you want to play, so you have to refer to the specific game requirements! it's very simple to know if your game can be played satisfactorily with the dev rift (if the game is rift-compatible of course): if you can play it at 1280x800 at a steady 60fps on your regular lcd, then you can play it on the rift, as simple as that. because it's true the rift has to render two scenes of the game (one per eye), but each scene is only half the resolution, 640x800, so it will take roughly the same power to render it as a single 1280x800 scene!
anyone who pledged to the kickstarter at the $275 level or above will receive a free copy of doom 3 bfg edition. @vlad - the portion you're referring to only applies to new pre-orders made through our website starting today. as a kickstarter backer, you're just fine.
sorry i didnt read right hahah
"the first 1,000 pre-orders through our website will also include a free copy of doom 3 bfg edition, the first oculus-ready game!"  what about us who backed later? dont kidding me that i'll need to buy doom3 separately because i wasn't in first 1000?!?
so, what hw is recommended for near "future" games? resolution: 1280x800 (640x800 per eye) - that mean no full hd for developer kit=> lower hw power needs? i want use this with new notebook. is the ivy bridge i5 and nvidia gtx 650/660 usable?
regarding the 3d rendering, you must keep in mind that it's having to do 2x full scenes at 60hz each, so you're effectively rendering the game at 120hz, albeit at half the resolution.  the necessity of 60hz(60fps) is to keep the head tracking latency below the threshold where the brain can be fooled.  60fps results in 16ms latency for each frame, 40fps would be 25ms, and 30fps 33ms, these get compounded when you start talking about a couple frames of lag between input and response.  30-40 fps might be plenty for a fun gaming session with a monitor (3d or otherwise), but it's reasonable to assume that the latency delta between vsynced 60fps and 30fps is enough to make or break the vr sensation.  (the fact that carmack was pining for 120hz displays suggests to me that 60hz is simply 'good enough', but by no means ideal.) old games will no doubt have little issue getting up to that rock solid pseudo-120fps, but with most new games aiming for that 30-100fps performance target with a decent gaming rig, it's going to take some serious horsepower to get them into that 120-200fps range that they'd need to maintain a stereo 60hz game.
from what i could tell the dev kit will have a better fov, but i doubt it'll have a higher res.
palmer mentioned in one of the forums that the rift they have been showing will be improved with better fov and hardware. he didn't mention if he was referring to the consumer version, or the developer version. he also didn't clarify whether the "improvements" included a higher resolution screen.
@daniel: system specs, if given, will most likely be required hardware specs to be able to connect the rift. people are making descent ii run with the rift, and that surely won't require as much of a computer as doom3 will ;-) because of the resolution of the current rift developer versions i'd say playing a game with a rift won't require (much) more, in general, then playing a regular game at 1920x1080. and yes, input lag, response rates, refresh rates and frame rates are all very important for an immersive 3d, or rift, experience. but if your computer runs most of doom3's area's at 60 fps, it won't matter much if a few of them runs at only 40 fps, of course you'll notice it, but it's not like it's a dealbreaker.
does anyone know if palmer answered a question regarding system specs needed during the ama?
@e-pain: actually, i've heard there are big issues with having low fps and using the rift. palmer really emphasizes the importance of having a high fps in order for the oculus rift to work correctly. i think performance may be a serious issue with this device, because of the rendering of the two displays, plus the 3d. i'm not exactly sure how that is resolved given that most people don't have super computers.  now i am really curious as to see what kind of system specs they have been using for the rift.
@daniel: the refresh rate is halved for each eye, but fps is an independent factor. if i run my 120hz lcd or my wife's 144hz lcd in 3d mode, each eye will have 60hz or 72hz respectively. fps is nice to keep high for a fluent and realistic sense of immersion, but are not required for playing either 3d or, as i can imagine, with the rift. @neotechni: from what i've heard and seen from the prototype / demo trailers, it will have hdmi and perhaps (also?) dvi. meaning that you could connect it to any modern videocard alongside your two current monitors. from what i've heard you can use a converter for the rift as well, since any of the current display ports will provide enough bandwidth for the rifts relatively low resolution / refresh rate. to conclude: as long as your videocard as got at least 3 ports that are either dp, hdmi or dvi you can connect both monitors + rift either with or without converters.
thats a really good question. anyone heard anything on specs? if you can run a game at a steady 60 fps without oculus rift right now, is that enough? or do you need to run it @ 120 fps and then oculus halves that to 60fps?
@neotechni: i think you have to disconnect one of your monitors, if you only have 2 outputs on your screencard. maby you can buy a split of some kind, but don't know how well that will work. on new-ish screencards, you have 3 or more hdmi/dvi outputs, so this won't be a problem for most users. since the game has to renderd 2x, i guess it's wise to have one of the newer screencard models anyway. anyone know what computer specs they used on the demo?
joe yoblonski , do you have or have you tried emotiv. i also interested in integrating the rift with this technology. i see two problems one wearing the two bits of hardware at the same time is going to be a problem as the rift looks like it will overlaps and impede alot of the emotiv sensors, also does emotiv have the sensory range/resolution to really be of use,  i have only done a base review but it does not seems to have enough sensors, to interpret  activites of area's  of the brain for compex tasks, but only  for simplyfied states. still it looks like a great product, if anyone has tried it i would like to know what you think.  however i'm not convinced it work that well, i will probably buy the emotiv headset to see if its any good, hopefully before my rift sdk is delivered.
how will it even connect to a pc? i have 2 monitors already, i don't want to have to disconnect my monitor everytime i want to use the rift. will it have an hdmi bypass so both it and my monitor can stay connected?
@graham weldon - did you check the faq?  how do i ship my reward to an address that is *not* my billing address? don't worry! we'll be sending a message to all our backers asking for an up-to-date shipping address before we send out any of the rewards. you'll have a chance to email us your ideal shipping destination then
i've tried to email oculus to ask about delivery information. i am soon moving house, and i would hate for my rift to be delivered to the incorrect address. is there any way i can update delivery information?
it would be really nice if we could get a "prototype" version that was "mri safe".  we would like to use it to develop immersive environments to soothe nervous/claustrophobic patients.
steven, palmer said it should be possible to order one from their web site in the upcoming weeks.
i only donated a dollar because at the time that was all i had, i wish to donate the 300 dollars to get the dev kit, how might i do so right now?
what i want to try and do once i get my rift dev kit is try to merge it with a bci headset like the neuralsky or emotive.  think about the feed back that could grant a game engine. if it sensed you were not paying attention it could launch a new wave of attackers or if your getting flustered maybe adjust  gameplay in other ways.  it could make the game even more emersive
kyle i doupt that valve is trying to compete with anyone. they are more interested in augmeted reality and see vr as a stepping stone to a true ar. this is more of a research project that would help along in near future to get the true ar. as it was mentioned in the interview that they are planning to release this information for everyone and they are probably not gonna get into a hardware business. in ideal situation the ar and vr would be one and the same thing. you could choose how much of the virtual reality you would like to augment into reality. the best example is the game heavy rain. there was a sequence where the agent played a simple game by throwing a ball againts the wall. only the ball and the wall were the virtual objects. then again when he later decided to change his office. he only chose to see the table and everything else was vr. i was hoping to see google glasses to take this direction, but instead they are trying to create a wearable device with hud display.
"though ea's chief operating officer peter moore poo-poos the idea of wearable computing becoming part of the mainstream, claiming "it’s appealing to them [gabe newell and sergey brin] because they live in that outer fringe of i.q. and money," with oculus rift's successful kickstarter and valve's entry into vr development, vr gaming doesn't seem so far away. " i find this last bit to be rather funny, he's just made at valve because they wouldn't sell out to ea
i'm late:(
hey there guys.  i think valve is gunning to compete with you....or they've licensed your tech and you haven't told us:). http://www.tomshardware.com/news/valve-vr-headset-michael-abrash,17462.html
just a thought, the motion tracker will probably be using something akin to the kalman filter right? (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalman_filter) if this is embeded in an onboard micro controller, is the dev rift going to come with a way to update it rather than do it all software through the sdk... which will just take more rescources away and probably increase latancy. even a replaceable microcontroller that we can flash in our own devboards would be awesome. just wondering.
@qporit: pure speculation, but i get the feeling that valve was researching vr and other game interaction/immersion methods before they even heard of the rift, much like john carmack was researching for his own vr prototypes before he came upon the rift. i get the feeling they'll be putting aside the nvis (only 50 deg field of view) and putting more attention towards the rift, much like carmack dropped all his previous work to use the rift as a new starting base.
vr, augmented reality, and other visual digital technologies are part of the growing interest in "transmedia," which will be featured at a conference at the new york film festival 2012 (nyff 50). lots of information/details about that at http://qporit.blogspot.com/2012/09/transmedia-at-nyff-50.html
is the valve headset project a potential competitor, partner or customer for the rift? according to the nyt article (sunday, sep 9, 2012 bus p. 1 – game maker without a rule book – aka valve -- http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/09/technology/valve-a-video-game-maker-with-few-rules.html…) valve is testing vr headgear, and, headed by michael abrash, they are investigating vr headgear, and added that abrash "said valve hadn’t decided whether it would make glasses itself. but its ultimate goal is to share its designs freely so other hardware companies can make glasses, too.” according to andrew goldfarb, ign (http://www.ign.com/articles/2012/09/09/valve-reveals-gaming-headset-big-picture-test-date…) the vr headset that is shown in the picture is an existing set made by nvis - http://nvisinc.com/index.php.. according to @andrew lovvorn (below, 6 days ago – 9/4?) responding to @benjamin, abrash will be on a quakecon panel with carmack & palmer. (i'd guess that by the end of this panel, carmack & palmer will have a pretty good idea of the answer to the leading question above ... hopefully, they'll keep the rest of us up to date!) valve - http://www.valvesoftware.com/
i like to remind all backers, that doom 3 had multiplayer.  2012 will have the best dec for gamers we will remember.
ben j -- if you wanna know where valve is going, check out http://www.lifehacker.com.au/2010/02/macgyver-of-the-day-electronics-hacker-jeri-ellsworth/ . this lady is designing integrated hardware for valve; the implications? affordable vr headsets?
nice  rift interview:   http://www.youtube.com/watch…
has anyone seen this: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/09/technology/valve-a-video-game-maker-with-few-rules.html…
@stephen: it is actually purely a virtual desktop in a virtual space, ie: i have a 3d world with a monitor that you can interact with.  the idea isn't so much to try 3d interfaces as to let you use exactly what you have today in a virtual world which would allow you to have multiple much larger monitors.  this could be useful on flights for example where you are tethered to a small laptop but with a rift you can then use many large screens and look around at them.  i'm hoping to add leap motion integration whenever that is out (feb?) so you can interact and move around the world that way while using the rift to look around and regular keyboard/mouse on the familiar desktop :)
@hesham that looks pretty cool. have you set up the camera to work in blender giving you the pov of the camera while operating it?  or is it the windowed desktop is floating separate like it looks in the images? and is the cursor that you are using set in 3d or 2d? if 2d is the cursor based on your pov with a aiming setup (either as a ray from the pov center or as "try to guess what the cursor pov intersection is")?
@adam: i'm currently running on ubuntu on xfce with a single virtual desktop and a single screen.  i installed ubuntu straight onto a parallels virtual machine on my mac and from windows they have an installer so you don't have to partition and can get started pretty quickly.  the readme file has almost all the apt-get instructions you need to get everything installed so you can compile.
hesham i'm very interested in your work, what distro are you developing on ? i'll be checking it out.
i'm working on a 3d desktop for the rift on linux for now.  if anyone wants to check out it is at: http://hwahba.com/ibex/  currently getting around 250fps on a desktop and nearly 60fps on a virtual machine on a laptop which isn't even native.  slowly getting there :)
anyone planning to use this for 3d remote viewing, ie with quad copter?
@chay the diagonal fov is 110. the horizontal fov is only 90 so it's still a bit less than what we can see, but hugely larger than any current  consumer hmd can provide. wearing the rift has been described as looking at the world through ski goggles, and several people have still  said it takes up their whole fov( can't see the edges) . i'm ok with that based on the reactions of everyone who has done hands on demos. also as far as i know it blocks out everything, and the rift is as raw of a display as possible to cut down on latency.
@chay  on their website http://oculusvr.com/careers/ they appear to be looking for a "senior hardware/firmware display engineer" with knowledge of oled displays among other things. that is not saying they will for sure use oled, but it appears that they have a serious interest in them :p
not sure about the hiphop gamer interview was it an interview, he was very enthusiastic to say the least, which is good. it seems like i've been waiting a life time for a consumer vr headset. i have tried many different vr headsets "?" set-ups, even a vr room almost 16 years ago. things seem to have moved really slowly as far as vr consumer tec goes and vr in general. well done to oculus for making it happen at last.  question i would have liked mr hiphop gamer to ask, in the style of "busta rhymes" of course. * will the rift be using oled, i'm assuming not and if not what will it use? * if not oled, will this result in heavy device and a hotter running display. other headsets i've tried lcd also produces a very intense light especially when close to the eyes, which oled does not seems to. * please if possible when you send me my dev kit, no dead pixels. i have used head mounted displays where only one pixel was dead and it drove me absolutely crazy, had another were 2 to 3 where dead i just bin the headset.  * what will the refresh rate be on the displays 60hz - 100hz - 200hz, come on be better than the rest 200hz. * will the device blackout all external light? * i'm assume the rift is just a display, with not processing power of its own? * from the video above the field of view is 110-degree, human have about a 180-degree, sitting at my desk i would say i have about some were between 160-180  degree forward face. do you need to increased the field of view?
new article from ars technica http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2012/09/virtual-realitys-time-to-shine-hands-on-with-the-oculus-rift/
omg stop whining daniel
@gabriel from oculus twitter page: "we're also working on a system for kickstarter backers who forgot to add international shipping. stay tuned and thanks for your patience"
@jushii yeah, i think this is the kind of reactions we'll see from the general public trying the oculus rift at best buy! because even the youngest tech journalist has a knowledge of the 1990s virtualreality hype and how it was a big disappointment, he knows what to expect from a head tracking system and is prone to be overly cautious in his opinion: but think of a 15/25 years old average consumer who knows nothing about virtual reality and doesn't even know that trackir exists, he will be blown away jut like that funny hiphop guy :d
i haven't found a way to add the additional $30 for international shipping. there has been a problem with the payment, and it seems like i can't change the payment value. maybe i should transfer $300 already and add the remaining $30 later... any other brazilian here? o/
@vazquez: i preferred that enthusiastic interview and visceral reaction for the oculus rift compared to the very subdued impressions i've seen from other journalists. it's really a preview i think of how the general consumer will receive the rift.
i dig the hiphop gamer enthusiasm. this device has broad market implications.
what are you talking about? that was terrible. that was a pretty annoying interview. hiphop gamer. what a joke.
great interview/review from pax  http://www.youtube.com/watch… just found my new favorite videogame journalist.. :-d
@benjamin it seems quite plausible what with abrash being on the quakecon panel with carmack and palmer. here's hoping we have something great from them in time for hl3 :)
@hugo don't say that, there's a curse on that statement, all the people that said that in the 80s and the 90s got burned in one way or another :d
@benjamin: i posted that on gaf yesterday! great minds... ;-) mark my words: the "next gen" is all about vr!
@benjamin: agreed... so far only valve has not mentioned what they are doing with it.
for some reason i have a feeling this project is linked to valve and their new 'hardware' they are developing.
just saw a video of some dude trying on the rift on youtube and loved his comment on why he should buy it. "for 300 bucks i bought a lot of stupider things". i know i have! he also continued saying it was worth it just for the doom3 game alone. this will be great, cant wait.
@andrew lovvorn correct, the $30 fee is to cover additional international shipping costs only.
i just wanted to confirm, if you live inside the us you don't need to add anything extra for shipping, correct? can't wait for december!
hey, i backed you, but forgot to add the shipping cost, how can i send you the extra $30? thanks chris
instead of rendering the same image twice, could it use the entire screen to render the scene?  i have amblyopia and don't see in 3d. when looking through binoculars i actually have to close my left eye. it's too distracting otherwise. so there's a good chance i'll have to do the same with the rift. my eyes don't get the same image but somehow my brain manages to process that. don't ask me how... it doesn't simply eliminate one image either because when i close my left eye i do lose peripheral vision... maybe if i could actually offset one image so that both eyes see the same thing that would fix it? otherwise i'd rather have a larger fov and twice the framerate... if you guys need a guinea pig i'm available! ;-)
i hope, some day we watch pixar movies with this tech.
hey timo - iam also from germany. and just like u i cant wait to get my hands on this fine piece of technology :) (bin kein dev hehe)
i am so proud to be one of the prototype backers - vr have been a childhood dream since i have tried the vfx1 on some fair in the 90s with a pacman style game. it is so freaking close that my desires come true - my very own piece of history will (hopefully - shipping to germany) arrive in december. big thanks to palmer and his great team!
@oculus could we get some clarification regarding the unity integration? i understand that its very early days but it would be very handy to know now if the pro version will be needed for correct image warping etc. an extra $1500 for indi devs is a big deal and would like to know if this is an absolute requirement.
i withdrew my pledge as it was suggested if you weren't a developer yet kickstarter have billed my account. no real contact/email to contact anyone from kickstarter to work out whats going on.......
you can probablly still do this when they contact for shipping details etc
i forgot to add 30 for international shipping d:
i got it!!!!!i think that having a custom 110 degree arc leap sensor built into the rim of the oculus is the solution for ultra low motion detection. valve, id, epic. get crackin!!!
my bro and i are both game developers in our free time. we got this amazing tech x2. my question is, how awesome would it be to play doom 3 bfg coop with the rift. i hope this will be possible :) cant wait for december!!!!!
please palmer!!!!!in the name of all that is sacred! get those people at leap motion to make you a custom sensor that arcs 110 degrees,so that the gamer can put it on the floor or desk in front of them,so the hands and arms can also be modeled acurately (also with ultra low latency).imagine manipulating things in your fov with the accuracy the leap can give. only thing is finding a way to keep the leap in you fov(strapped to the chest maybe idk? but hey, that would kick all varieties of ass! damn that would be cool if i open my oculus when i buy it and see those two together.
a historic moment.
congrats, i can't wait to receive my kit!:)
new vid:  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
"must...have....now!" cant wait to get my hands on them! (oh yeah, and please get this resolution up a bit in the final product!)
congratulations!  almost 10k backers. almost $10x the goal!  -- will you be at maker faire in ny?
congrats, guys - you've really done an amazing thing with this project.  looking forward to seeing if i can patch some vr functionality into older games to make my dreams come true.
sharp showed a 6.1" screen (good size for the rift) with a 2560x1600 px resolution: http://www.flatpanelshd.com/news.php… no idea wether this panel is fast enough, but this does make me very hopeful for the increased resolution of the consumer version of the rift. the high res panel seem to be just around the corner!
would be awesome to have a few example projects in unity (if there aren't any already) going to be great for training and simulations (not just gaming)
a wonderful low-cost/high-precision/very-high-immersion solution for the hand/body tracking would be a kinect style implementation with phalange-level precision like the inexpensive mit project with coloured gloves (http://people.csail.mit.edu/rywang/handtracking/). the game will then render a medieval glove or whatever it needs. then, it would be super easy to track any other coloured plastic object in our hand and render it on the screen like whatever we want into the game, a gun, a racket, a spoon (just like the ps move). the immersion factor would be awesome! the big challenge will be to find a brillant idea to move by instinct the legs of our avatar while we sit on a chair or stand still with our real body! but that's why they want the prototypes to be in the hands of the devs, right?
thank you so much to the team. never thought i would be able to experience vr on this scale in my lifetime. because of this project i'm back to being really excited about gaming again. it's gonna be a great xmas!!!
i want to view the camera image of my fpv (first person view) model airplane on the rift. as far as i can tell i need to distort the image using a pc so it shows up properly on the rift. is this correct?
awesome! but we really need some kind of wii-mote-plus or playstation move with it.
wooohoooo!
congrats to the oculus team and everyone who has invested on this amazing technology.  cant wait for december, its going to be one dang awesome christmas!!!!! thank you palmer, your one heck of a cool dude!
congratulations to everyone we have finally achieved open source what we could not do proprietary. i believe this could be every bit as big as 3d acceleration was for video cards. this could be the next fantastic niche market that becomes so popular larger corporations will be forced to take notice and recognize they are missing the mark. thank you john carmack and all the very important people in gaming who gave palmer their vote of support when it was still just a dream.
great, over 9000 backers.
big thanks to john carmack (as always!),without your help there is nothing to show!
congratulations! big things will happen for oculus in the coming year! please don't let yourself be bought by microsoft or some other huge company. stay small, stay nimble!
picture   https://twitter.com/#!/search/oculus/slideshow/photos…
so close to 1k. still a momentous achievement. congrats!  now go and change the world!
congrats to palmer and his team~
just saw this vid, http://www.youtube.com/watch… , looks like the protos keep evolving :d
and, of course - http://www.oculusrift.com/ -  community of developers dedicated to making things with the oculus rift!
congratulations to the entire team!
yay!
congratulations
congratulations oculus!
so good,so good, i've got you!
eff yes! if i were to say i was proud to be a backer of one and only one kickstarter project, this would be the one :)
congratulations :)
the oculus rift developer community starting at http://www.oculushub.com/ come check it out!
congratz to all the oculus team
yeah!!! get the party started :)
v i r t u a l  r e a l i t y   i s    n ow
congratulations palmer and co! i hope you bring vr to the forefront of gaming and make tons of cash doing it!
congratulations!
10 sec :)
yes we do!
countdown time :). my congratz on this phenomenal project - i am waiting with baited breath for the future to come, thank you, dear oculus team, for lifting up the spirits of so many good enthusiasts here!
time to make history guys, well done palmer
congrats mr. luckey, this whole thing was the absolute awesomest of ideas and we couldn't be more psyched!!  enjoy your party tonight :d  and here's to the future.
thanks palmer good luck
i just hope everyone understands that dev kits are not the final product.
so close though! just need another 15k!
5 minutes remaining, kicking into overtime because we haven't reached 1000% yet!
11 minutes and counting!
just pledged xp just woke up in the middle of the night....and i guess i have no excuse to not join in!
i think,palmer is hiding somewhere nearby.i think their whole company is online,waiting!
20 minutes left!  i still ear my girlfriend saying "do you really have to buy this now?  can't you wait until they have a final model for sale in stores?"  i was not able to find any example for her to understand the thing that is going on right now! "babe, can't you imagine the piece of history that i just bought? i've been waiting for this till my childhood!!!  remember that bedroom set that we could'nt afford?  well... well...ok... i'm just a frigin nerd!!!
30 mins countdown
well it sounds like "go on girl " read really fast ... just like the song "the way you make me feel" when mj shout it out.
at first glance i thought it was "going gear"
yes,i see what you mean,that is correct. and one more question:what "gonggeer" sounds like to you?it's a chinese name...
@gongeer, ironically when fov is higher latency is more important. because your brain believe its reality, when the world does not move with your head (high latency) your brain is confused and you get dizzy/sick to your stomach. so with a high fov it is 100% important to have no delay.  because you are no longer feeling like you look at a tv. hope this makes sense.
yes ?i think we are on same page here.they both matter.i guess i just value fov more.i think i'm. one of those who need bigger screen. and i never play with a ht device before.but i can imagine looking around in game in the most natural way would be awesome !
@gonggeer i'm sorry, i'm not sure what you mean.  anyway, i'm sure they'll make the final product as good as they can.  the dev kit isn't the final consumer product.
gonggeer that makes no sense, when you look through a window the delay between moving your head and your view changing is zero, therefore it leads to feeling directly connected to your actions. latency matters, just as fov. john carmack said the magic number was around 20ms latency
@giant_snark low latency lead to nothing when you see though a windows,right?
@gongeer, jason you're both wrong, the most important thing is low latency!  :d but really, they shouldn't mess with the specs on the dev kit if it introduces any development delay at all.  save it for the final product.
@jason r.sebesta no?the fov is the most important thing.
yes sonys umd headset was horrible. it hurt to wear, the 3d was bad, and the resolution was the worst part. please upgrade the screen res. i know that it is just a developers edition and trying to stay under cost but the res is the single most important part.
well, i've upped my pledge to $100, and i'm only taking the $25 tier reward.   let's see if we can hit a solid 1000% of the original goal!
will devkit purchasers automatically be signed up for the newsletter mentioned at http://oculusvr.com/developer/? is there a target date for developer center access?
almost ten times what you were asking for.  rock on, palmer!
last call!!!
less than 90k til the 2.5 mil mark! go go go!
i remember playing with the hmz-1 or whatever the sony hmd is called, and the resolution looked terrible, and it was higher than the oculus rift.
i know this is impossible, but i too wish they would upgrade the screens, even if just a a little higher resolution. here is hoping.
omg i just bought one, i had too! i just hope there aren't any delays since they have to assemble over 6,000 units! oculus, please upgrade the screens before shipment and i'll give ya a big hug!
can't wait to receive and assemble the rift this coming november :)
we can't believe there's only 4 hours left in our campaign. it feels like just yesterday that we were talking about how cool a kickstarter campaign could be. you guys are awesome!
i'm happy to get this just for the gaming and game development, but i wonder if the sdk will allow for streaming stereo video, or recorded for that matter. i'm a robotic engineer and would love to use it for a tele-operated robot with the head tracking controlling the camera angles.
am i the last person to buy the $575 backer pledge? let's go and push the total pledge to $2.5m ... oculus you can do it!
ah, hawken is free-to-play.  i just signed up @ http://www.playhawken.com/index.php…
where do you pre-order the hawken game?  i can't find it on amazon or steam, thanks
2,500,000 ftw
i am not a developer but i bought one anyway. i will be telling everyone at utd (which is in richardson, near the hometown of id games) all about the rift. i am sure they know about it, but perhaps they didn't splurge. thanks!
as an amendment to my previous comment saying there should be an inside out  kinect camera  implemented into this amazeballs device. i think having the leap motion tech with this would make oculus the one vr to rule them all.
would be fun to rig a old ninendo virtual boy or that pseudo vr headset virtual reality stuntmaster contraption for the gen1 genesis/mega drive and snes with the guts of the oculus rift.
just change my pledged from $10 to $300 to get the rift. can't wait to try this out for myself.
sorry, i'm not a developer, but i could not resist to buy the very first real hmd of the hystory! it's a dream coming true, i'm too excited to see if this is finally the dawn of vr revolution!
i have high hopes for this device. and really believe this will be the device that actually changes gaming as we know it. valve please integrate this into half life 3, and bethesda get this working for elder-scrolls so i can officially move to tamriel.  as a fan and definite buyer of the consumer release, it would be cool if there were some sort of motion capture camera on the oculus that could pick up arm/hand motions like an inside out kinect. coupled with the oculus (oculi's idk?) wide fov and the proper resolution (1080p please)your company will rule the frickin world..... and i'm glad i get to be under your benevolent rulership.
already building virtual cockpits for my game warscape alpha, which is free on pc/mac. keep an eye out for a december release. should be fun multiplayer.
@marcel benders you forget economies of scales. hundred of millions iphones were sold. hardware parts get a lot lot cheaper at these volumes, you get special deals, etc. comparing the price of manufacturing of a prototype and one of the most cost-optimized piece of smartphone is not a good example.
hey guys, its my birthday in december. so, y'know, no pressure or anything.... but get cranking!
how come you think the parts and production will cost $ 300 ? i'd call it speculation. for e.g much seamingly more complex device a modern smartphone like the iphone 4 does cost apple only about $ 180 to make - and it has/had a $ 500 retail pricetag. of course thats without r&d etc.   source: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/moslive/article-2059829/apples-iphone-4s-price-how-really-costs-make.html
just did some math myself, and after building approximately 7000 units, which i'm estimating a price point of 300 bucks each, a total of 2.1 million dollars will be spent on just building the units, leaving 200k left over to be spent on all the other stuff, essentially breaking them nearly dead even in the end with a few pennies left to spare. really those guys arent getting rich with this kickstarter, but i'm sure glad they are offering it.
@erwin they had a little unofficial set up on some bean bags near one of the halls.  it wasn't in any official area.  you didn't even need a pass to get there, actually.
wait... the rift was at siggraph... where on the show floor was it, i completely missed it! :/
$161,048 until 1k% funded. gogogo!
daniel, any medium tier pc should run d3 + oculus. i hope for  a digital download, and i think they said k/m is usable but not recommended for the experience. de donde eres?
there is a collection on steam of games looking to have occulus support: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/…
what extra hardware will we need to run doom 3? will it be a digital download? can i use a keyboard and mouse? or does it have to be the xbox controller?
@robert surely there will be attempts at making the rift work with other game genres besides fps. which will still make the spacenavigator a good input controller alternative.
gregor koch: a spacenavigator is great for slow, controlled movements. using one in google earth is great! but for a fast paced fps is not very useful. i have one of those and as much as i love them, i wouldn't want to use one in a fps.
i haven't been this excited about a piece of gaming hardware since the disappointment that was the nintendo wii. i have no doubts this will work awesome with doom3/hawken, that being said neither of them are overly exciting for me, i've got my finger crossed that gaming companies get on board with the rift!
virtual reality rocks!
i am very excited about this! has there been any discussion about implementing force feedback protocols into the control scheme? i was thinking somewhere along the lines of stuff they used on the novint falcon or something similar to that.  about 10 years ago microsoft created a force feedback joystick but it didn't really take off. just a thought...
@johnny mnemonic nice, that game would be able to implement this control scheme easily. thanks for sharing it. i still want to build one of my own, it's not going to be "in a mech" but "as an avatar" style though. i was thinking of having a separate mini cam for the hud that's from the gun's pov. that cam could be shared on the hud's of your teammates or on a regular monitor for others in the room that you are playing in.
over 9000 backers!!
@stephen hansen interestingly, mechwarrior 3 had a similar controller scheme to what you are describing but using a standard joystick and mouse. it was a fantastic mechanism; x axis: mech chassis yaw y axis: mech chassis pitch z axis: mech torso yaw. mouse: reticle control for arm mounted weapons.
@gregor koch i think that would be a great "movement controller" and if for example you use http://www.3dconnexion.com/products/spacenavigator.html in the left hand, http://www.novint.com/index.php/products/novintfalcon in the right and the oculus rift for the monitor the game experience would be incredible. head tracker motion with the rift, 3d mouse controls the body movements where the aim is entirely the gun attachment of the falcon (aim based on the direction that the body's "chest" is facing so that you can look elsewhere when firing) fun : hell yes large market : not really probably when the xio comes out the market would be more, or a place that was like an arcade for people to play it and purchase the "game system" to take home.
suggestion for game controls: i think it would be good to use the mouse for pointing and targeting and for movement a 12 axes 3d mouse like this one http://www.3dconnexion.com/products/spacenavigator.html . then the moving in an fps or any other game would be also analog and far superior to a digital keyboard button press with just wasd. so you could move with 12 axes, point with the normal mouse and freely move your head with head tracking. it would also be possible to just use a normal joystick instead of a 3d mouse with the left hand to get a better result than with a keyboard input.
we're about to hit 9,000 backers!
@ alex oh waiting for this? http://leapmotion.com/
@alex oh sup?
where did i say they are producing the units themselves? by taking time and resources off the consumer model i'm talking about them needing to have  people stop doing r&d on the consumer model and spend time doing r&d on the devkit instead, finding better parts, testing them, making sure they work correctly with it, adjusting the design to accommodate the new hardware etc rather then those people spending that time doing that on the consumer model. by doing that they are disrupting it and the consumer version will likely take longer to come out and will be longer before they are making money (since the consumer version is where the real money is). sure if it was just a matter of okay get the factory to use this higher res screen for the 2nd devkit batch then it would be easy and no reason they wouldn't do it but it won't be that simple because in this example a higher res screen won't simply be exactly the same screen but with a higher res so can just slot in perfectly in place of the existing one. it might have slightly attributes that require changes to the optics or the design of the casing etc so will need people spending time working on that instead of on the consumer. yes in the meantime releasing a better devkit to make some money would be good and if it was just a matter of getting the factory to use better spec'd parts it would be simple but there's more to it then just saying use a higher res screen or this faster tracker, what parts they would want to use they might need to designed a completely new casing as they may not fit in the current one. that would mean pulling resources off the consumer model to do it and having the consumer model maybe take another 3, 6 months or whatever to come out then that doesn't make any business sense. if they can do it without disrupting/delaying the progression/release of the consumer model then you can bet they will and they would be silly not to however i can't see how they could since it is their first product and they are a small company so they would not have the employee size to be able to put x people to work on the consumer model and y people to work making the devkit better and still have the consumer model come out at the same time as if they had everyone working on it, they will need everyone working on it.
@christopher and they could then use the extra money to improve the consumer version, rather then just upgrade a prototype version.
palmer has already said that the reason they have no stretch goals is because it could push back the schedule for shipping what they know works. they could conceivably upgrade the screen now, but that could introduce unforeseen issues with the hardware, then they would have to figure that out, and if they change hardware to fit the new screen, something could go wrong between the hardware and the software, then they would need to hire on another programmer, and it would take forever for anyone to get anything. so no. they will not have something better between the developer and the consumer version. when an upgraded version is sold, it will be the finished product, that's where the effort is best spent, and you will have to get over it.
@endothermic, they don't produce the units themselves. and creating more advanced units and selling them in between the consumer version would get them more money. i'm not sure what part of business you don't understand, but this isn't a not for profit company. if they can find a way to make more money without disrupting there work too much, they will, period.
@alex oh clearly?
remember this movie? http://www.youtube.com/watch…
usm-valor, just do it.
jean-philippe:  in montreal myself, also put down for some hardware.  tu n'est pas le seul fou :)
just do it!
only 26 hours left of fighting the temptation of upping all the way to a dev kit. so very hard!
jean-philippe caron, the outerra engine will support oculus rift.  search outerra on youtube, and you will see your exotic landscapes :)
wow! i've waited until the end but i'm pretty glad i pledged!!!  i used to create maps for my own pleasure with unreal editor back in 2000.  i hope it did'nt change that much!  i'm looking forward to create immersive environnement like in the lanmower man movie where you can fly around exotic landscapes.  waiting for decembre is going to make me feel like a child waiting for christmas! (french) je sais pas s'il y a beaucoup d'autre backers au québec mais j'espère pas être le seul assez fou pour avoir acheté ce prototype!!!  longue vie au rift!!!
90 days til december guys
@endothermic i think palmer made it very clear that the dev kit is just to roll out the core tec asap for developers. to buy a dev kit for your pleasure is your owen choice.all they will do now is more likely down to the last detail on code and decide what should and shouldn't have for the final product.that is indeed very hard quest.it took time,they have to sit down with developers who had played with the dev kit,and listen to their feedback. just add on some hig res display panel would be so easy,but that's the last thing they should do on dev kit.
yes it is unlikely they will devote time and resources to making the devkit better since that will just be taking time and resources away from producing the consumer version and delay it's release. from the few comments you've posted daniel it sounds like you should wait till the consumer rift is out.
im sure there will be software updates, as for hardware, doesnt make any sense.  tho i would pay for a 9dof upgrade, if possible
will the technology of the dev kit get better after the kickstarter? because otherwise i want to wait for a better version.
sturla - very good new flight sim in old-school style: http://aeroflyfs.com/ should be amazing for rift, because it doesn't rely alot on gauges.
also, there has to be some kind of support for panoramas like this! http://www.panoramas.dk/mars/curiosity-first-color-360.html
now all we need is an old school flight sim!!
a descent type game in vr!   awesome!
another game announced it will be oculus rift ready http://gamasutra.com/view/pressreleases/176773/miner_wars_2081_ndash_nextgen_6dof_with_oculus_riftsupport.php
there seems to be some confusion as to the availability of developer kits post-kickstarter: we're hoping to make developer kits available through our website after the kickstarter, but we don't have an eta on that system, when those kits would be available, or the price of those kits. pledging to the kickstarter campaign ensures that you're part of the very first run, no questions asked (aside from your shipping address!). thanks!
international support is here! i hope i can get a receipt saying it's a research prototype and maybe save on customs...
i'm surprised this hasn't come up more often, but i'm really curious about the availability of development tools/sdk post-kickstarter? if i were to wait for the 'consumer' version, would i be able to start developing on and with that device? or is oculus going to miss out on their opportunity to rapidly expand through instant, free access to the developer toolchain?
any clues how hard it's going to be replacing/changing the rift lens(es) for people with asymmetric vison? eg. people with contacts or lens replacement where one eye is set for close in focus and the other for distance. i just found out recently that this is not an unusual configuration as i'm going to need to have a lens replacement done soon (cataract in one eye).
mikko: you got the display part of the rift correct. from the screenshots we've seen (e.g. one from carmack), the distortion isn't that huge and we should be able to figure that out. but i also expect the directx sdk to have shader sources for that, so porting the rendering to opengl/linux/macos x should be trivial. getting the sensor data and applying good sensor fusion might be the problem that takes longer for the linux version but maybe we can get some kind of drivers for that for linux even if a full sdk (with examples etc.) isn't finished?
i missed the ama (not that i have a reddit account either), but reading through it, i spotted something that concerns me: "nothing is set in stone yet, but we might not be able to support linux at launch. we are on a crazy tight schedule, getting even windows support fully working is going to be a squeeze."  since i'm a linux developer, this could be bad news.  i'd like to get an official confirmation of whether i've understood the operation of the device correctly: the image is transferred through a standard hdmi or dvi link, at a resolution of 1280x800, with images for the left and the right eye occupying the left and the right half of the screen, respectively.  there is a lens in front of the screen to provide a nonuniform spatial resolution, with more pixels being concentrated in the fovea region.  a shader or similar method of distorting the rendered image must be present in software to match the lens. if this is correct, all i need to get started is the shader source code or a sufficient description of the distortion to write my own.  can this be provided even if official linux support only comes later?  i can rig something else for headtracking to being with, and integrate the rift's built-in sensor when drivers become available.
@bert: thanks for the links. that is so cool. it would be really neat to create interactive movies where you are the star. i.e. you play the role of douglas quaid from total recall. sure, you can write a movie in 3d, but it would be cooler to be surrounded by actual film content and interact with it.
@marcel2 and @benji: i was wondering about the challenges of 3d immersive video, and came across a couple of interesting things:  cnn 360 degree video http://www.cnn.com/interactive/2010/01/world/haiti.360/index.html virtual video viewpoint, siggraph '04 http://www.youtube.com/watch…
really excited about this product.  i decided to help kickstart it after reading the ama!
decided to join in with the other people from gothenburg - that's göteborg, for us locals - and make sure that at least one more rift finds its way to the swedish west coast. ;-)
actually palmer mentioned they do plan to sell the devkit on the oculus website, but it will be a second production run so it might take some time before you will be able to order one: http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/yz23l/i_am_palmer_luckey_designer_of_the_oculus_rift_ama/c609hil also, vr is clearly here :) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@daniel, this is the only shot to get the devkit, unless someone sells you one at ebay or such.
can we run the oculus rift without the stereo 3d? will the developer kit cost more after the kickstarter finishes?
@robin we and even the guys of oculus can not say what the price of the consumer rift will be. the display technologie will get cheaper every day and it is not bold to assume that a 1080p-display will cost no more in a year than the display from the dev kit today. also a better tracker must not be more expensive than the tracker of the dev kit.
@daniel so, ok, didn't fully read the question. that said, they will likely not be selling the dev kit at cost going forward, regardless. this is what the kickstarter is for...
@daniel the consumer rift will likely be more expensive, maybe even double, due to much better internals and a need for actual profit margins.
@marc: yeah the lens distortion would need to be applied by the "virtual theater" setup.  this would get pretty heavy for the video card though since the video would need to cover such a large area.  unless the virtual theater could have tiled videos that activated and deactivated as the head is panning around.
wait, they will offer the oculus rift dev kit after the kickstarter finishes? maybe i should cancel my kickstarter then. because chances are, there will be improvements to the dev kit after the kickstarter ends. will it be the same price as the kickstarter version?
an 360 video recording could probably be use then use the wrapping on the section that is visible based on the user head orientation.
@marcel2:  as far as i understand it, you couldn't do preshot stereo footage with pan and tilt option, since as soon as you turn your head the triangulation of your eyes to the subject matter changes. that's why i want to start of by doing animations with pan and tilt disabled.. just a locked off panoramic stereo movie basically.  also at this point i don't need to actually shoot anything because i'm working completely in 3d. eventually though, having a "virtual theater" would be nice, because as palmer mentioned at quakecon, the stereo effect isn't important as long as you're getting some parallax.  so i'm looking forward to doing some "dome" animations that allow you to look around on a 180 degree image.
so prototypes of cameras which record with a 360 degree fov at a high resolution exist, but it's still not in stereoscopic 3d: http://www.hhi.fraunhofer.de/en/departments/image-processing/applications/2d-3d- (and it looks obscenely expensive!)
@benji: i think the virtual theatre was meant literally: a movie theatre enviroment you can look around in, with the movie playing on the screen. not what you hoped for probably, but an entertaining idea nonetheless. of course a movie where you can look around in the actual movie scene would be be much cooler, but i am not sure if interactive (looking around) stereoscopic panoramas are possible with video footage. would be an interesting thing to research!
@stephan g i asked this question on the ama, and they will sell the dev kits on their website, but it will probably be the second production run which could take some time.
i know this is an impossible question, but just asking for any speculation. how long will it take to manufacture all the rifts they will send out? i'm trying to figure out about how long before they have to stop working on the developer kit. could they stop working on it in november 1, manufacture all the rifts in a month, and then send them out in december?
shadox: it's powered over usb.
does som1 know how to contact the guys at oculus? i'd like to find out how the rift is powered (through a usb cable or regular power cord.. in which case i'm wondering if it will be friends over here in europe with our 220v) and does som1 know how they will ship the rift to places outside of the us? i'd hate to see it get damaged during shipping due to poor packaging. :(
palmer said in the recent reddit ama, that the doom bfg edition doesn't have separate head tracking from aiming: "i prefer having separate headlook and weapon aiming, but carmack chose to have them tied together." now i'm rather asking here than emailing directly to carmack: will there be an option to turn separated head tracking on in the doom bfg edition?
the questions today cleared up a lot of things for me, and i saw a couple mentions of movies being talked about… the idea of making a virtual theater that supports head tilt, and how a current movie would not work because it would need to be shot with a 90 degree fov. i want to do some pre rendered 3d animations using a 90 degree spherical lens, rendered side by side for both eyes, and hopefully try to approximate the lens distortion as well (as a post 3d effect).  at this point i don't really need the head tilt involved, i simply want to stream a 720p render to the rift.  does anyone know how difficult that would be to set up (some kind of simple video streaming setup for the rift)?
well i dont want to, but i guess ill have to wait for the consumer version in a year+ from now ha. but i think it would be freaking amazing if some how rift and pokemon got together to make a pokemon game for rift. could you imagine?!
@stephan g  i'd have to assume that new developers are still going to need have a channel by which they can acquire more dev kits (obviously.)  having said that, i wouldn't be surprised if they implement some manner of verifying whether the new requests are in fact being made by developers and not just early adopters.  it would be crazy to continue offering the existing dev kit at virtually no mark-up as they would risk starting to cannibalize their future potential sales of the retail unit.
here it is!  http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/yz23l/i_am_palmer_luckey_designer_of_the_oculus_rift_ama/ sorry for being a little late, i was indeed sleeping.
@electrix - already asked. my questions is among the top 4. cheers
can someone ask following question on the ama? is there a possibility to buy a devkit after the kickstarter or need we to wait for the consumer version after it?
http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/yz23l/i_am_palmer_luckey_designer_of_the_oculus_rift_ama/c602qhs
for those who is still wondering about internation customs and added tax i added a question regarding this to reddit, but palmer probably won't answer it as it is in the bottom with only one point. :/
love this concept! cant wait to see it come to mmo's!
http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/yz23l/i_am_palmer_luckey_designer_of_the_oculus_rift_ama/
maybe he's sleeping.  for the first time in the month since the kickstarter has been active.
maybe he party 2 hard.. i know i would :p
might be just a crux in the gmt-summertime/pst conversion
maybe he forgot?
weird indeed.. and annoying!
doesn't seem like it. weird as i don't see these guys being late for no reason.
is the iama up yet?
i've been waiting for this for 15 years! i know it's not much, but i'll try to add support for it in my little r/c flight sim rcdeskpilot.com.
where is the link to reddit ama or amaa? i can't find it anywhere. congrats palmer! i reading your stuff of mtbs forum before this all blew up.
sorry i ment barrel distortion of gopro and pincushion of the rift. too bad there is no editing function here
dmitry mitskevich, after some testing it seems that gopro has perfect distortion, when you look at gopro footage ( tested with 2 gopro in stereo both cams vertical) through rift, the pincushion of gopro an barrel distortion of rift cancel eachother out and seems almost perfect. that is the ideal camera to work without any tinkering with the image and gopro is very lightweight and sturdy
for the sake of aesthetics and functionality, built in stereo/mono camera would be the best choice imo. and actually an external device would add even more weight than a built in one.
nigel delfosse: while i see the use for a camera (better: two), it would add cost and weight(!) to the device, so i would opt for an add-on and not a build-in camera.
i am so excited to be part of this, after trying so many different vr solutions over the last 20 years.  it would be a nice addition to have a central or stereoscopic camera built in to the front of the headset for augmnented reality software, and also you could have a switch so you could see your surroundings while wearing the headset. this way you could see your keyboard etc between levels, pick up a drink, so you do not have to take the headset off, or feel clostrophobic when all goes black. very excited by the whole project. good work guys and girls...
excuse that question, i should of read the faq
where do i specify the shipping address for the $300 (330 with international shipping) pledge? i am shipping it to a different address than the billing one.
oculus rift must be great for fpv rc flight! i've also wrote this in my blog: http://helilove.blogspot.nl/2012/08/oculus-rift-for-fpv.html
how can we get an official invoice? i'm from belgium and need it for my company's bookkeeping.
@nick, you do know this is a developer kit right? meaning only developers or hardcore enthusiasts are the target audience for this version; and the consumer rift is hopefully released within a year. that said the devs are racing full throttle to support as many games and projects as possible for the december release; so if you can handle shaky drivers, fiddly settings and some user hacking to get things running playable you're certainly in for a treat this winter :)
just did my part of contribution.. let's hope vr is finaly ready for consumer homes...
erin -- i believe the rift uses colliminated light -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collimated_light
this still leaves me wondering, how does the headset solve the focus problem. people naturally will focus on what they think is close by or far away. head mounted displays have always had this problem where a users eyes become strained because they are trying to focus on something far away while it is really close by. (3d headache and eye soreness) ? does the headset track your eye's focus and translate this to the game or is the 3d depth used to solve this problem somehow?
true that, will try to be available to ask him if he knows any shipping details.
@ kent it would be awesome if you could ask him, can't be there due to work. but i bet a lot of europeans would be thankful to get the issue brought forward. and congratulations oculusteam on breaking $2 mil. :-d
wow 2mill$!!! congrats oculus!
nice! thanks dylan \o/
haha, i just pushed you guys over $2,000,000!  good work!
@carl, great question. think we'll just have to wait and see how they ship it as it could possibly be shipped as a gift as a thanks for backing the kickstarter. maybe we should ask palmer tonight @ the reddit ama how they plan to name the shipment...
@kent - fellow "göteborgare" here, any idea how the customs-regulations are regarding a dev.kit like this? i´ve looked around and asked tullverket but they pretty much just ignore the questions and just say "you have to pay no matter whats being shipped." and thats simply not true..
can't wait to get the device, i'm down for the unassembled prototype :) one thing everyone needs to remember is import duty and vat. if you're in the uk, there is no import duty on hmds, but there is vat. so expect to pay 20% on the total cost (device + shipping).
seems like they're hitting $2m pretty much in conjunction with the reddit ama... nice timing :)
thx for answer! :)
@aleksander amazon wont charge your credit card until the end of the kickstater.  if there is any issue with billing, you will be notified and at this point you must resolve the issue quickly or else you loose your spot.  so check your email at the end of this kickstarter
hello,i have stupid question - how can i check that, my order in amazon payments is correct? should i have any information of transaction before last day of project? im asking becouse im new in amazonpayments methode and i want to be sure, everything is correct! :-)  maybe anybody know how to authorize your credit card in amazonpayments without buying sth?
two questions: 1. i'm ok with any delivery delay of the device, but if it does happen, can we get any kind of simulator/emulator and the sdk first? 2. where should i fill my address, or you guys just send it to the amazon billing address? thank you :)
oculus rift + clang = awesomeness anyone else thinking the same thing?
barry, yes, stupid typo. dirt2 works pretty well. especially if you have trackir5. so far i dont know of anyone who has been able to implement tracking from the rift itself. brano kemen, thank you. changed to alpha, set release to december (to be sure)
hoping you will not forget your backers in europe
@christer-andre, one of the items in your spreadsheet reads "drift 2". we talking about "dirt 2" here right? just doing my part. :p  thanks for the list.
@christer-andre i think it will be very soon after there's enough info about the tracking part, 3d/fov we already have in alpha stage, warp would be trivial too once there's exact info about the parameters. in other words, when the sdk is ready before the arrival of the dev units, outerra should be ready as well.
@kent , sorry i did not see you already posted a link to my spreadsheet. good to see people are using it. @brano kemen, i would love to know any estimated time of arrival for your full oculus rift support. tons of people are interested and i just updated the list based on your info
hello! i have started making a list of games that work officially or unofficially with the rift. games that work , but require custom drivers are listed in red, and games that are working out of the box marked green. i might have some mistakes there, but will keep updating. http://tinyurl.com/97ylkwf
@chris legasse thanks for your answer to my question about laying down and using the rift, i hope software makers consider this or allow for a "calibrate" setting so you can play in different position. another suggestion i've got would be for the brightness to be adjustable on the rift. i'm sure this has been thought of but i always turn my monitors way down since my eyes are sensitive, i know lots of people with lasik eye surgery and that also makes bright environments less enjoyable. on the flip side... image a fps where the flashbang really flashes your entire frame of view and your eyes really have to respond just like in real life... awesome!
wow, huge flashback. mechwarrior 2 was one of the games that supported the virtual io glasses back in the 90ies. even back then this actually worked pretty good. mech games are perfect for vr.
hawken ready for the rift! awesome!
@kent  thanks for the info i appreciate it
theres also a rift comatible driver in the works by cyberreality over at mtbs3d.  he already have a few games working. you can follow the developement at: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
@ brano, you just made my week! that's real awesome news indeed! thanks for sharing and caring <3
@kent we (outerra) plan to have a full support for oculus rift as well (that's 3d/fov/warp/tracking) as soon as the sdk starts showing up.
@ michael; the devkit is just that; a kit for developers to build support for games; and if you look at the forums bert just a few posts before you linked; you can find there are devs already working on game support. you'll get full access to the developer center where there's gonna be engine integrations and whatnot. so i think you can be certain there's going to be quite a few games within weeks of the devkit release to play around with if you got the mindset to accept beta bugs etc. below you can find a list of game support in the making: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv… keep an eye out on the mtbs3d forums (which is the very forum palmer uses as well) for news regarding this and other subjects.
there is something i would like to know about the dev kit but i cant really find an answer anywhere online. now this might be a really dumb question but i thought i should ask it anyway considering i cant find an answer so here goes. i put a pledge for the oculus rift dev kit with the doom 3 bfg edition now i know that doom 3 bfg will be the only game that is compatible with it  at launch. but will it be possible to play other games in vr on the rift dev kit when game developers add support or will this only work with the consumer version to play other supported games in vr? in a nutshell i would like to know is that will doom 3 bfg be the only game compatible with the oculus rift dev kit?  will support be added to play other games on the kit? i also going to buy the consumer version when it is released and i am really looking forward to getting it. does anyone know if other games will be supported apart form doom 3 bfg?
if every backer pledges an extra $10, we can push this project over the $2 million mark ;)
i was thinking that would be nice to have something like the fov2go as a option for the ones that don't want to expend $300 for the early version of the oculus rift, and a news that i found interesting to share flat lens offers a perfect image https://www.seas.harvard.edu/news-events/press-releases/flat-lens-offers-perfect-image i wonder if this technology could help improve future versions of the oculus rift.
just putting these out there once again for people. if you are looking to discuss possibilities, technicalities, and ideas about the rift, here are a few places to check out: the subreddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus vrdev discussion board: http://vrdev.com/ oculus hub forums: http://www.oculushub.com/forums/ meant to be seen 3d forums: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewforum.php… vr software dev meetup: http://www.meetup.com/bay-area-vr-software-developers/ looking forward to sharing info and possibly collaborating as we eagerly wait for the rift!
@will, @andreas: on the assumption that the 6dof tracker contains a three-axis accelerometer and a three-axis gyro, the sdk will probably use all of them to track just the orientation of the head with more precision.  a gyro can track rotation (i.e. change in orientation) in any direction, but it can't measure absolute orientation, so it will drift over time.  an accelerometer, on the other hand, is able to give an absolute orientation (by assuming it's in a constant gravity field), but only around two axes (if you rotate the sensor in the horizontal plane, there's no change in the gravity vector).  by combining both, you can get a reasonably precise absolute orientation in all three axes even from a cheap sensor.  tracking position with any kind of precision is an order of magnitude harder, unless you can get some sort of absolute reference.
i'd think that the head/spine modeling jc did will only be part of d3:bfg since i've only heard him mention of it in relation to d3:bfg and not in relation to the actual rift so wont be in the sdk for use in any other games unless the develpers implament their own version of it. yes it is side-by-side 3d for the stereoscopic vision with the rift.
@mikko rasa: what i understand from palmer's writings and talk he gave at unite 2012, his goal is to get it supported in as many software packages as possible, since it's in his best interest to get the hardware to be supported everywhere feasible. i don't think you will have any problems on this part. @will bybliw: yes, the sensor does support 6dof, but the software that will be part of the sdk will likely use only the rotational aspect, and will use a head/spine-simulation to get an approximation of the translational aspect (with the assumption that you are approximately john carmack-sized and don't move your body from the shoulders down). at least that's what i understood from the already mentioned sources.
i'm a hobbyist game developer, and i use linux as my primary development platform.  i'd like to know how open the sdk is, especially the part concerning rendering?  will it provide me with source code for the distortion shaders so i can integrate it with the rendering pipeline of my own 3d engine?  from the specs i understand that the rift uses a split-screen stereoscopic view; is this correct?
i have pledged for an early dev kit, but i'm still not sure if it'll have mac os x support for both the driver and unity sdk. does anyone know?
there is one slot available for unassembled rift....better be quick :)
@taylor if it surfaces functionality on a c abi, then you can use it from any pretty much any language.
my company is considering investing in the oculus rift and i have been looking everywhere for programming language support information for the sdk... i have been assuming that it would play nice with c++... maybe c#... and if notch ends up getting his way, java... does anybody have any information on programming language support? i asked the devs a while back but haven't heard back. this doesn't tell me much: "the sdk will include clean well-documented code, samples, and tutorials to make integration with any 3d game or application as easy as possible. we’re also working on out-of-the-box engine integrations for unreal engine and unity, so that anyone interested in working with the rift, including indie developers, can get started right away!"
does anyone wanna trade an unassembled prototype for my $300 assembled one?
@jason turner  my understanding is this:  the sensors used provide support for 6dof, but the translation/movement aspect of them are subject to drift issues resulting in carmack deciding to not use their functionality for doom bfg.  it's probably safe to assume that usable 6dof support is going to be hit or miss with the devkit until they figure out a way of adding absolute positional data by another means (ir camera, etc.)
i am curious about the 6dof. the tech demo that carmack had seemed to only utilize 3, he hacked in a look down/leaning forward effect to fake the fact your eyes move forward when you look down. i'm assuming he isn't using the same trackers, but does anyone know what trackers are going to be used and what sort of degree of precision/limitations of tracking we can expect? or even shy of that how the positional aspect is handled?
i am wondering if there will be an opportunity to get a developer version after this kickstarter is over? i really can't afford one right now, but am so excited to start developing for the rift that i don't want to miss out on the opportunity.
the question non-dev backers should be asking themselves is not, "should i wait?", but "can i handle waiting?"  there's going to be thousands of these things out in the wild come dec/jan, so there'll be a constant trickle of community-driven support ranging from small self-contained demos to slapped together support in some indie games.  youtube will be flooded with videos of people playing every little new thing that comes out, forums will be talking about it, and websites writing stories about it.
as a hardcore gamer, computer nerd and vr enthusiast since i first tried one in 1992; i'm all in to backing the rift to get my hands on this milestone in gaming history... even though i can't code at all, i do know the devs and indies are already dreaming up and testing possible demos and whatnot to try out the rift. and the more geeks getting their hands on this with full knowledge of what it is and what the drawbacks are; the better imho. as long as they/we can keep in contact with the developers of drivers and such with ideas, feedback and critique – we can really be an asset in spreading the word around what's coming for the consumer version, as well as helping test the solutions the devs come up with... and i do know i'm going to be proud to own this in 2040 when i dream back to the day i finally got to taste the future of immersive gaming <3 major kudos to palmer, carmack and all the peripheral people involved in this project; you made my year!
looking forward to trying out my current ps3 title wrote with unity ps3 on the system...
@marc  i agree on the lpms tracking demo.  i can see the delay with my eyes which means it's pretty large.
i'll post this again later for more exposure: i'm an experienced software tester.  i've worked for several highprofile game companies, and also at a software giant as an interface tester on mainstream software.  my code ability is laughable, but i want to offer my services as a tester to anyone out there developing for the rift. i've pledged for a rift dev kit, so if you want to have a tester let me know. billywellen at yahoo dot com
"should i wait for the consumer version? if you are asking this question, the answer is probably "yes". we encourage gamers to hold tight for the consumer version of the oculus rift. we promise it'll be worth the wait!" it makes me happy to see that an actual business is telling me not to spend my money just yet. how about a 50 dollar hooded sweatshirt option? i'd buy that.
+1 dev kit. can't wait to play with my shiny rift and unity!
there has already been a lot of discussion as to whether non developers should be backing this project and receiving prototypes. i would just like to point out that getting the system into the hands of non-developers even at this early stage might lead to some very interesting results.  it seems already clear that we have to rewrite the rulebook in terms of what types of games work and what types of "experiences" are just too much for us to handle in a vr setting.  even though this device is aimed specifically at games, i'm suggesting that maybe what we're moving towards isn't a stark division between games and movies, between spectating and participating. will i shell out money for a video of a forest, so i can sit in my living room and stare at it on my tv? probably not.  but i might pay for the experience of flying through a virtual forest, feeling a true sense of vertigo and adrenaline.  i'm an animator/designer who's been working in 3d for over a decade, and i'm hugely excited to explore this new format, and what possibilities a panoramic view can bring.   i'm already familiar with the stereoscopic workflow, and i have some ideas for pre rendering distortion and creating an "oculus ready" video stream.  video cards nowadays can support 4k video playback even, so down the road we may be able to even create "movies" with a head tilt option (stereo disabled of course).  the moment someone comes up with a good way for me to stream video to the oculus, i will be working on creating original pre rendered 3d content, with the goal of exploring the new rules of this panoramic world. and at that point, anyone with a rudimentary knowledge or 3d can join in :)
once again the faq answers the question (weird i know right). should i wait for the consumer version? if you are asking this question, the answer is probably "yes". we encourage gamers to hold tight for the consumer version of the oculus rift. we promise it'll be worth the wait! the consumer product will improve on virtually every aspect of the developer kit, which is essentially just an early prototype of the consumer version. this includes comfort, immersion, features, software support, etc... for the absolute best virtual reality experience possible. so if you're not a developer or hardcore enthusiast, sit tight for now. we promise the consumer rift will be worth the wait! if you absolutely must own a piece of gaming history, please understand what the developer kits are more or less early prototypes of the consumer version and with very limited software/game support when they ship. we're hoping the community helps us change that, which is why the kickstarter is so important! we hope you'll show your support. last updated: sunday aug 19, 12:51pm edt
@brody if you are no developer, you should only buy it if you have to much money and want to have a piece of history. even doom3 will not be a game to play from begin to end with the rift, because the cutscenes will not work decent and some effects look silly in vr.  it also can be, that you can't play to long with the headset because of motion sickness. you can easy do motions with the rift that make you sick. but the headset gives you a good glimes that workable vr is in near reach.  better wait for the customer version.
@brody: you have no intention of using the sdk to create programs tailored for the rift. just pledge the smaller amounts or just wait for the consumer version. the retail price is unknown.
question: i really want to buy this but im not a developer. should i still but the oculus? or wait for retail version? some said this version would have kinks when i asked a while ago, but i was just wondering how much the retail price would be without the dev kit and if i should still buy?
i hope the oculus rift response will be better than the lpms demo on rick post, because my brain got issue especially when he moved from left to right quickly.  i'm a bit confused since they say they have a 1.5ms response... so maybe it just their 3d render that is slow.  or it 1.5ms between input, but that input have an internal lag of 60ms. anyone who tried the rift can comment on quick left/right response compare to that video link rick provided 2 post down ?
@rick: the big issue with the lpms trackers is the cost: $690 retail for lpms versus $99 for the one the rift is using. however, one of the creators of the lpms tracker has said on the meant to be seen forums that they might be able to get the price down to $80 if they make a few changes to the design. it could be something to consider for the consumer version.
i was wondering whether the lpms trackers have already been seriously considered to solve the issue of simultaneous position and orientation tracking? since i saw this demo, it seems to be exactly what is missing from the oculus rift - http://www.lp-research.com/lpms-head-tracking-demo/ (i am not affiliated)
@chris i don't believe rendering at higher res than 1280x800 is necessary. remember that you need to render each frame twice, and then warp those frames. you need lots of computer performance to do this at even higher res at 60hz. downsampling occurs anyway at 1280x800 since the area of the warped frame is less than the rectangular area of the unwarped frame. but if you use something like unity or udk i expect all this warping stuff being taken care of behind the scenes in the 3d engine. thanks for trying the demo, glad you found it informative :)
@ mario cheers for the reply dude. thought the sdk would handle all rendering to the device. awesome. oh and thanks for the demo man it was great to see the warping in action. am i right that the scene needs to be rendered at higher res than 1280x800 before distortion and then downsampled to 1280x800 avoid doubling up on pixels?
@marc don't worry. excuse me if i misunderstood.  i was just sharing ideas but my english lacks a bit of consistence. i am sure all people here wants oculus get success any soon. best, pablo
hopefully when oculus rift prototype outgrowths in wireless modification, this virtusphere project http://virtusphere.com/  will evolve in a more vrhomeuserfriendly form :)
another reason to put head detection capability:  you could even create an hdmi/dvi usb switch box, that can detect when you put your headset on, so you can change live between your computer monitor to the oculus rift. this would be amazing for the consumer version of the product.
the more i think about it, i think they really should add io interface on the dev kit, even if the button are not of best quality.  head detection would be nice to create automatic pause when you remove the headset, and delay start when you put the headset on.  it could also be used as an interface to enable x-ray vision in a game for example.  or do like cyclops in x-men... additional button on the outside could be added for brightness control, but since this is not game controlled, the dev kit doesn't need to have them (or maybe having in game brightness adjustment could offer interesting effect...). the soonest those physical setup are given to the developer, the more chance the dev will use it for the final product. now, touching / pressing button on the headset might cause it to move a bit each time and create bad experience... so maybe add an spi interface on each side of the headset unit allowing to connect a wire to a small pad attached to the head strap.  so it would be a pressure on the side of the head only, and would be fairly inexpensive to make those addon-pad.  i see those pad attached to the head strap.
@tony @gasgarage my comment were only to try to protect oculus in someway.  if i do something stupid my self, well it my fault and that it... but in the usa, you can sue corporation for about anything... so i would hate them to be affected by stuff like that...
@chris if you're coding your own game, you can simply add support for monoscopic view yourself. just let your game draw a single screen at 1280x800. a function to toggle s3d or mono could as easily be implemented in the game option screen.
i've tried to keep up with all the comments and questions so i'm not entirely sure if this has been asked before. but i do hope that the rift has a feature to turn off s3d as a option so that for less powerful machines such as laptops can run it smoothly as the scene doesn't need to be rendered twice. already quite deep into developing a space combat sim. so cant wait to look around behind me to see the ai on my tail. go ocky!  (0-))
i seriously need to just sitting here staring at the pledge-counter. god dammit palmer, a person can only handle so much excitement.
just want to say this looks amazing and its awesome that so many people are supporting this project! it is about time that a headset can provide realistic game play that immerses the player into the game. i have tried so many of these types of products and have yet to find one that has truly impressed me. this one looks like a winner... and with the support this project has it has got to be a winner! seriously when gabe newell popped up in the video i made my pledge!
@marc: i see your point too, but any head mounted display will make you being in full darkness for seconds.  i've looked at sony hmz-t1 quickstart guide and they just says "wearing the unit will prevent you from seeing outside the display" aside some health precautions ... maybe with that sentence and something like "don't run or get in panic when in full darkness" could be legally enough... ^^  on the other hand, i guess another user-sensor will make the display more expensive to build and it could get in failure too. what about a mechanichal on/off switch for seeing through the display?
@marc: i really wish society would quit going down this path. might as well put everyone in straight-jackets and padded cells in the name of safety. however, you're right, in some (over?) developed countries litigation will be an issue. maybe k.i.s.s. and put the warning on the physical hmd. if it's complicated (with a user-sensor or whatever) and an argument might be made that the warning doesn't always show. really, how about making the visor black and yellow stripes -- the whole thing is just too dangerous for society. sorry... getting snarky. :)
i just cant wait till arma is oculus rift comparible!!
@jason login / manage your pledge / edit your pledge to 330 @marc you have some good points there. for developers i don't think there will be any serious hazards sitting at their desktops coding away lol. graphics glitch could be a problem, so enter your code with caution :d but i rather take responsibility for my coding, than having some sort of filter processing on the device that stop some operations. as for children, rift owners must take full responsibility, like with so many other devices available to us. anyways, it's a good debate to have about this matters at some point.
damn; pledged $300 bucks but i live in nz.  after i clicked the buttons i see there is $30 buck postage.  how do i pay for that?
one thing that i'm the most afraid for oculus is how good of a job their end user agreement will be.  people sued nintendo over the wii remote damage... now imagine having something on your head that block your vision completely.  it not just issue with fact that you don't see anything... but if i were oculus, i would right away add a wearer sensor on the headset... especially for the developer version.  this would allow to display warning message before the actual game output start.  imagine a software bug cause weird video output messing with your equilibrium.  john carmack talked about a few movement he experience not so good feeling... and some people might be even more affected than other since not that much people experience vr.  it the same idea for the epilepsy warning some game have...  same for kid, is there a minimum recommended age to wear them... so adding a small io to detect the user who just put the headset on could be displayed with 'vital' information to limit the risk to the user, content provider and the hardware maker.  so i really hope good law protection is done because i want vr to succeed ;)
my feeling it that this vdr# will be either a scam or a shameless copy to make a new $.  the only other alternative is that the technology is over 5 years away from being ready.  but in the end, from what we gather so far from a lot of the industry leader, is they are behind the oculus rift... and that my friend is where the real hard work goes and the reward come from.  having game with the mark 'oculus rift' logo on them...
just imagine freeciv with the rift!! ;)
@roderigo hey i tweeted vrd1 on twitter asking for more information regarding their headset and my tweet, as well as the tweet they posted that i responded to was deleted. i wouldnt trust that company if they remove anything that questions them. sounds to me like a scam, espectially because they have no information on their headset, and only popped up at the same time as the oculus (or shortly thereafter).
thanks for the response chris!
@court rye, that's really something that would have to be supported on the software side and would be independent of the rift's design. all you gotta do is request the game developers to put that in and you're golden.
the dev kit is a lower end version of the rift, meant to be a barebones system used by developers to program software that will be custom taylored to the rift when it hits the consumer market. unless you are a video game developer this really isnt for you and you should wait for the retail model to get released before trying to get your hands on one of these because you may be disappointed in a few of the things that they havent worked the kinks out of just yet.
can someone please answer this, ive been wondering for so long. okay so i want to buy the 300$ one, but i just want to play doom 3. what is the dev kit? should i buy it?
hey guys, it would be great if you could build in a "laying down" mode or some sort of "default position sense" mode like many game consoles have with controllers. i mention this because i like to play games when sitting in a recliner or even laying in bed sometimes and i would want that experience to work, or even be improved, when using the oculus rift goggles. imagine no more neck strain when playing games because you get to relax. even laying down you can still move your head around quite a bit but maybe in that mode i would want to turn up the sensitivity on motion tracking some. anyway, just some input from an ergonomically driven gamer ;)
i saw that you would be running everything through one cable to a breakout box.  would it be possible to add a usb port to the headset itself, for those who want to experiment with adding extra tracking/camera hardware to the headset?
/sigh @michiel this was answered again 11 posts down. devkit no, later on maybe if someone writes something to do it and gets around the problems but with the resolution of the devkit desktop applications wouldn't be too usefull. consumer model possibly if it has a higher resolution and oculus or another party puts the resources into getting a good desktop experience with that resolution. but you can almost guarantee the consumer model will do 3d movies whether it's directly supported by oculus or through 3rd party software.
anyone knows if you can also use the oculus for things like  viewing 3d movies and regular desktop viewing?
yes the more the merrier, as long as it's being advertised on it's own kickstarter project or whatever. at this point it's only a webpage with zero proof of concept. it's not even worth mentioning and far from being taken seriously. as for the pledge amount, i did the same and so did thousand of others. so? it still doesn't justify advertising it here.
@mario basiola : check my pledge dood, i just uped it to $300, i thought i would share the info as other might me interested ,like palmer said, the more the merrier!
vrd1? looks like scamware to me, and very uncool to advertise it here.
from the name vrd1 i'd expect its a virtual retinal display. i beleive it's a laser projection onto the eye just like john carmack was talking about in his keynote and in fact the company of the pico laser projector he was using and talking with "microvision" are the ones actually developing vrd technology though i think they refer to it as a retinal scan display as well. it's just kind of funny that this website/facebook about an hmd product with it pops up as soon as the rift appears and gets alot of attention :p not sure how they would of address the problems jc talked about with it but look forward to seeing the product.
i love seeing all this hype and passion around vr at last.  looks like oculus rift project is pushing people to coming out their secret hmd technologies, (vrd1? ...) what i see this is really changing times at industry scale. hardly can't remember so expectative & passion all around since good amiga times, include myself ;) thanks palmer! my bucks will go to oculus. i'm not a dev, so i pledged and will wait for the consumer version. @oculus do you plan releasing a second rift version with that amazing vgs tech? maybe as an option? it blowed my mind.
got it.  would be great to know where you found out about it, perhaps they have more information!
@oculus  it's on the title of their website and their twitter page https://twitter.com/vrd1hmd
@roderigo:  when it comes to vr, the more the merrier!  hopefully something good comes out of vrd1.  it does not say that it is coming soon anywhere on their site, though, where did you find that particular piece of information?
this is looks like another vr headset,  what is this? vrd1 new virtual reality headset for gaming & simulation, here is the link: http://www.vrd1.com they say it's coming soon and very little detail apart from having extremely wide fov, sounds interesting.
@mario basiola thank you for the tech demo.
@endothermic i could imagine nvidia/ati/intel to make a driver update that allow to output video compatible with the rift.  would allow easy 2d display of computer on it.
there is an faq at the bottom of the home page which answers many of the question that are repeatedly asked in the comments so your question may be answered there before you need to ask it. @peter short answer no content not designed for the rift will not work with it. long answer it ispossible to write something to output any game as side-by-side with or without 3d so that any game would work even without head tracking however it would not be an easy task. the devkit will not have this and the consumer model may or may not have this. even if there was such a thing it wouldn't be a good idea to use it with alot cof games anyway as it will only allow them to be viewed on the rift they still won't be designed for it. while it would work there would be unwanted vidual effects in the game such as head kicks (where there's an explosion or you take a big hit or ground shakes and your head shakes all over the place). head shakes are fine on a monitor but on an hmd like the rift if you get a head shake then your brain will think your actually moving around like that. that wouldn't be an issue except your balance sensors are telling it you aren't moving so the next thing you know you don't feel very well or your lunch is out in front of you again.
@taylor right now unity and ue3 are going to be guaranteed to work with the rift, and both of those have plenty of tutorials online, in both video and text format. i recommend you look into one or both of those engines as they have free alternatives and arent that hard to use :)
@ developers i'm sure i'm not the only beginner who has been inspired by the rift to start their programming career/hobby.  any advice as to which game engine or programming language would be most useful to learn?  any helpful forums for the beginning 3d coder?  thanks!
will you be able to use the oculus rift to display content not designed on the rift e.g. you play a game and it will show the screen but there will be no movement recognistion,etc, it would just view like a standard monitor?
@ddbelyea thanks for trying the demo! there are still many unknown factors for which i dont know if it will work as supposed on the rift hmd. my primary aim was to experiment with distorted rendering. im working on improving the demo with options to calibrate the view for matching the hmd optics. an interesting problem i ran into recently is zooming the game camera (think sniper-rifle) which isn't as easy to implement as in normal single screen games. so yes, there are lots of gameplay issues we might have taken for granted, which we will need to figure out after the dev kit is released.
a thought just came to me. do a on-rails demo as bf3 going hunting mission: http://www.youtube.com/watch… it would be an absolutely impressive feeling to be seated with true headmotion in that scene!
@mario: just tried the demo. i'm not a developer, and obviously don't have a prototype to try it on, but it runs smooth on my pc, and looks good on my tv (and if i squint and go cross-eyed it looks 3d-ish).
@stephen hansen i released a techdemo for the dual camera rendering (including the barrel distortion effect), you may want to take a look at: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
just pledged $10, not much but hope it helps!
regarding the novint falcon. they are currently running a 20% summer discount on their web site.  got to say, half-life 2 looks pretty cool with it, and with the rift it will probably be insane. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
we had the chance to preview the oculus rift at gamescom yesterday, and we're absolutely blown away! this is everything you want it to be, the true next generation of gaming. a big thanks to the oculus team for giving us the opportunity to check out the headset! we're proud to be backing this and can't wait for december! all the best!
i'm just curious if anyone else is working on a adapter addon? the plan is for it to change a fp camera into a dual set of cameras offset where the players head is, thus the pov for each "eye" is correct. from there its simple to have the hud offset on each "eye" to where they "match" and seem projected out on a "helmet" the targeting line might be from the middle (aka same offset so that it match's up with the line of where the original camera was pointed.). i'm guessing the hard part is getting each different game to accept the camera differences, though some games this shouldn't be to much of a challenge. i do indy game design btw
@oculus team actually i think it's not such a bad thing that there may be lot's on non-delopers giving support for the dev kit. it may even work out pretty well. developers will adopt their games and make techdemos/ new experiences. gamers will test this and give feedback. so it might turn out to be a good collaboration between gamers and developers. as a bonus many gamers may want to get into gamedev and start learning for a good reason. it's not like this is some exotic form of rocket science. anybody can do this. only requirements are a burning desire to make games and the will to spend time learning something new. just my 2cents...
@endothermic, thanks.. no i am not a developer, so have only backed the lowest tier to show my support and illustrate demand for such an item.  therefore as a non developer, but an early supporter i was just wondering if they had considered such a scheme for those of us interested in the final product..... i suppose i was more curious about the first dibs concept... so no harm in asking...
@monty as of this time they will not be offering a discount on the consumer rift to backers who are not developers and unlikely they will. if you are not a developer or in the hardcore modding scene you really shouldn't be getting a devkit so there is no reason to offer any kind of discount anyway.
hi everyone! two things: 1) if you live in the bay area and you are interested in developing software for oculus rift, i've started a meetup: http://www.meetup.com/bay-area-vr-software-developers/ 2) if you are interested in developing a game targeted specifically for oculus rift (and vr platform in general), i'm gathering a team right now. let me know if you are interested: alexei.andreev@gmail.com
@schwarzandreas sure you can. the question is for what. remember to have seen a half-life 2 demo of the falcon. i am sure somebody will eventually do a rift-mod for half-life 2 and eventually you can use them both together.
can i use oculus rift and a novint falcon at the same time?
@ nadim alam it comes with the full doom 3 bfg edition game @ william they've said it's possible to be supported, but really it's all up to the console manufacturers. it's quite possible that microsoft has been working on their own similar system for the next xbox (before this) though there's no info about anything sony is doing for their next console.
@mario you are going off on the wrong tangent here. i know the rift has its own 6dof system and i do not want to use any of the trackir hardware. the software support that trackir uses however is baked into almost all semi recent flight sims and racing sims natively. instead of forcing developers to code for yet another proprietary 6dof system, the inclusion of native support for the trackir code would make the development process only need to focus on supporting the visual side of rift. that alone would make it much more possible to see past sims get a patch to support the rift.
@robert the oculus rift comes with it's own built in headtracker. imo trackir is not a good solution for good head tracking in vr because of it limited range.
is there any talk about licensing trackir support so that the rift can have the 6dof work seamlessly in the many games that already support trackir? i stand by my word that the rift has a huge market in the sim world and outside of the more sim like fps games, a very limited market in the fps world. one is seamlessly natural since the placement is already in a sitting position within some vehicle, the other would require natural head movement and the ability to align up a sight properly since the screen center is no longer the direct center position (unless they continue with the old school look to aim method which will get old in 5 minutes since our heads do not spin 360 degrees freely).
do you plan to have this work with consoles? i am a playstation trophy nut; i love the trophy system (for some reason i don't fully understand). if this is compatible with ps3 or ps4 then i will probably be a day-one purchaser of rift (or whatever you call it). if its only for pc games then i may not get one at all.
any chance that you will support a javascript api for webgl via nacl or extensions?  this would enable interactive vr experiences from the web.
can someone please message me on my profile and let me know if the developer kit comes with the full version of doom 3:bfg edition? or if its only a 10 min demo like they are showcasing at the show demos? also the makers of slender really need to integrate this into there free game! game is already bloody scary but just imagine being inside it! wow. its difficult to follow all the comments here so please can someone pm me about the doom version. ive asked the octulus team a few times via email but have got no reply! thanks.
hi, i started reading the comments, but there are so many.... so i was wondering if oculus was going to offer backers of this project (who are not developers) a discount on their final commercial product, and / or first dibs,  and if so, is there a "lowest" level you have to pledge to be eligble???
where exactly on gamescom will the oculus rift be showcased??
also, i think that gamers and tech-lovers should buy this even if they won't play games on it, it would be worth 300$ just to have this as a monument on the gaming/tech shelf to mark the point in time when virtual reality finally got real!
even when the hardware is sub-par i think there is a lot of fun games that can be made in immersive 3d. even if the graphics would look like wii-type-cartoonish, it's the experience that is most important.
"60hz @ 720p can be tough enough in some games..." you're not kidding! this is generally beyond ps3 and 360, in practice (lower res, upscaled, and 30hz is typical). ouya has less horsepower. however, you don't need to make shader-intensive high-poly games. i can imagine some very fun games would work within the intersection of rift and ouya. steer clear of simulating realism!
oh, sorry for my ignorant reply.  i was under the assumption that the ouya was a low performance machine with onlive for the demanding games.  i'll have to check its specs.  because holding 60hz @ 720p can be tough enough in some games, can't imagine when the resolution and refresh rate doubles.  i see this pushing pc hardware quite well.
@eric arnaud: it looks to me like the logitech g35 uses an hrtf specifically for 7 points in space representing ideal speaker locations. so the 7.1 is decoded.... the 7 normal channels are then processed by hrtf to position the sound. it also appears to use the host machine for this. overall, it seems far more powerful, flexible, and cheaper to use any stereo headphones and do general hrtf support in software (possibly leveraging gpu). openal-soft has support, only using cpu at this time, but performance seems okay. just to explain in detail, what i think happens with the g35: if your game emits a 3d-located sound, that has to be processed into the 7.1 stream, losing all height distinction and blurring some of the orientation (the position will be approximated by a mix of the 7 channels), and then for the headphones, that 7.1 stream is decoded, and presented to your ears as if you were hearing those 7 speakers emitting the already very approximated 3d sound. i think headphones like this are great for movies, and even games that only support "home theater" encodings. but a personal virtual environment is far better suited by directly transforming the 3d-positioned sound via hrtf, presenting stereo output, one to each ear.
niedere to be found on gamescom... bummer...
@olivierjt well, during the e3 showings. carmack was using a logitech g35, a 5.1 surround sound headphone setup. i use one too and think its good. i plan on using that during my work with this. however, there are some compatibility issues with certain games. *cough(witcher 2)cough* i worked with it and have had no results making it work, but its good with everything else.
siggraph 2012 electrictv interview with palmer luckey: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
the rift will be supported by unity and unity already publishes to android, so its not a big stretch of the imagination that it will capable of publishing to ouya. so these two might play together quite nicely.
cant wait for december t_t
it's gonna need hardware with a bit more horsepower, and the latency in onlive would kill it.
you should make rift compatible with ouya, that would be awesome
what if the leap had a chest mount. like a vest or something. then it would see your hands from your torsos point of view... though breathing may be an issue...
@chris legasse, i made a video of the razer hydra showing some controls i like to try with the rift: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
sturla: i hade the same dream :-)
leaf =leap motion http://leapmotion.com/
just pre-ordered the leaf. kudos to the first developer that can have a demo of the rift and leaf working together. just being able to pick up a virtual cube with your hands in a virtual world would be mind blowing.
thanks for the honest answers, guys. i'll up my pledge and pick up the poster as well.
omg...16 more days? everyone shake their fist really fast so we can speed up time. i'm thinking of coding up a mountain scenery (lake twenty two) for my first rift project.
@usm-valor the 300 dollar pledge gets you the developer model. it is bare bones for people to start working with their games right away. palmer lucky has said the consumer version to come out next year will have higher resolution, hopefully larger field of view, be more ergonomic, feature a solution for near sighted viewers, and be as awesome as possible at an affordable price range. so you probably won't want to put down the 300. because it will defiantly change.
@usm-valor  well i think it will take another 8 month after that to see a new model from them... though maybe other will reverse enginere it with bigger lcd.. but in the end, if your asking this question, then the rift is not for you... it for developper who will get used to this tech to make their game compatible with a good experience.  resolution is not important at this point since we can look at the graphic on the regular monitor... so i suggest you just wait for the consumer product in a year.
my worry about upping my pledge to 300 is that shortly after the release of this product a deluxe version will hit the market with higher resolution and better overall features. does anyone else believe this to be a possibility, or do you (general) believe that the initial release incarnation of the product will be the one that will last for several years to come?
for anyone interested in the issue of pre-warped rift compatible rendering, here is an interactive demo to try: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
i don't quite have the collection that palmer has, but i hav bought and tried a few in the past.  notably, the virtual io and the vfx3d.  i think anyone who's an enthusiast has seen this chart a few times: http://www.stereo3d.com/hmd.htm#chart i applaud palmer and the oculus team to make this into a realm of practical reality.  i can't wait to get my version, and look forward to hacking the sdk for personal and fun projects (while playing doom 3 bfg on my breaks)!
@ponizil, the leap looks interesting but i highly doubt it would work well in a vr environment like the hydra would. it seems to me that the leap would be good at tracking hand motion  that inst directly over the receiver.
@naif support for the rift hmd must be implemented in the game in order for it to work. there is only support for 1 game at present time: doom3 bfg
hi guys, first of all: god bless you. this exactly what we wanted and needed for like ever. secondly: does it have to be supported by the game to actually work? or will i just plug and play. thanks
@david the hydra and the leap are not at all the same thing, nor do they behave the same. you'll likely find they are each better suited than the other for some tasks.
razer hydra is good historical artifact. i alredy ordred http://leapmotion.com/ .
yeah i wouldn't be suprised if oculus do have their own closed developer forum available once sdk etc is launched. the mtbs3d forums i hadn't heard of until delving into the background of the oculus, but it looks very interesting so far. you're all also very welcome to take part in the vr dev forum i started after ordering my dev kit :)  http://vrdev.com/
i'm sure that could be solved with adjustable lenses. getting myself ready for the devkit, super excited to develop the future of gaming. imagine using the rift in conjunction with the razer hydra. the future is surely bright.
the pupillary distance (distance between the eyes) can range from 48 and 73 mm across the population.  will the rift work equally well for people of all pupillary distances, or is it optimized for a specific distance?  for example, my eyes seem to be closer together than palmer's eyes.  assuming rift is optimized for palmer's eyes, what kind of distortion or discomfort can i expect?
in anticipation of the oculus rift i have bought myself the buttkicker (no joke, google it). it is a low frequency audio transducer and allows you to 'feel' the sound and should work great for flight/racing sims and fps.
well as mtbs3d is where palmer first started the project and also where alot of interested people are it's a good start. i assume that oculus will create their own forum eventually..
so, rift people.. which of the forum alternatives do you think is best at this early stage for discussing the rift hmd? mtbs3d gets my vote.
*ahem* slave collar....
they're onto me
@usm-valor: nicely complemented as a torture/brain-washing platform? sure.
anyone else think the rift would be nicely complemented with that shock collar which punishes you if you die/take damage during your game?
palmer looks spent.
thanks for the video links!
news flash! tek.gadg interview with palmer at siggraph 2012: http://www.tekgadg.com/home/2012/8/11/a-chat-with-palmer-luckey-creator-of-the-oculus-rift.html carmack talks doom 4 rift integration with roadtovr: http://www.roadtovr.com/2012/08/07/john-carmack-talks-doom-4-oculus-rift-integration-in-new-interview-from-quakecon-2012/ palmer strikes me as having a nice balance between enthusiasm and practicality. this makes me all the more confident about the future of this product.
i've never been more excited about a consumer product in all my life. i really wish you guys the best.
@r potter: i'm not sure if "wonderful" is the right word… i couldn't handle amnesia even with a regular monitor ;)
@alex oh: yes. palmer has said quantities in the tens-of-thousands can be handled.
hm, 6,535 backers, of which around 5,000 will be receiving kits. is a manufacturing plant being hired to assemble these things?
@denny @andreas i imagine something like amnesia would be wonderful with this type of system. there is no twitch action (there is no combat, you can only run from enemies), and the experience is all about the (creepy) atmosphere.
@denny unger: i agree, but i hope that vr will become relevant enough that developers will take notice and design specifically for that. even the basics like having a hud at the corner of the screen doesn't work any more.
@andreas monitzer: games developed specifically for virtual reality will have much the same learning curve as 3d movies have had for modern directors. you can't throw people into the hyper-frantic, twitch-kill, superhuman games of 2012 and expect the experience to be in any way satisfying (or pleasant). instead, i believe that future vr games will focus much more on exploration, careful pacing of the action and a closer look at how we experience reality (and move through our day).  the action will still be there but it will be much more poignant, much slower, emotionally intense and realistic.
@andrew ayers: yes, that's the term that was thrown around in the forums :) i guess that that kind of device alone could cause a lot of nausea/motion sickness, but it might be fine in combination with a hmd, since the visual clues match what your ears are telling you.
@ r potter: oh i totally get that. wishful thinking i guess ;) having more robust sdk features and support is a great idea for a stretch though. @ tony tavener: where are all the developers? um...holding on to their secret vr bucket lists ;)
for those who haven't seen it, a forum was created: http://www.oculushub.com/forums/ there's also a reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/ where are all the developers?
@olivierjt: i'm investigating 3d audio solutions. openal-soft seems like it might be sufficient as-is. but there is a lot of room for development here. spatialized audio evaporated as vr went out, and home theaters came in. head-related transfer functions (hrtfs) are the way to go, with simple stereo earbuds. with a renewed drive for personal 3d audio, people will generate new databases of impulse responses (recording from subjects' inner ears). i think it would be great to use a 3d imager, even something like leap, to record their ear and head shape as part of the database -- then there's potential for matching a user to a dataset in the same way. and for very complex audio processing, opencl can be used, taking a fraction of a gpu's frame-time.
@andreas monitzer: i haven't read/heard that comment, but what was probably being talked about is called "vestibular stimulation" (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galvanic_vestibular_stimulation) - back in the late 1990's, there was a startup that got a bit of attention who created a "headset" to perform such stimulation; for a fee (around $300.00 iirc) early adopters could get one of these devices and an sdk (sound familiar - no kickstarter back then, though) to program the device with. not long after they showed at ces or e3 (or one of those other places) the whole thing "poofed" out of sight. it too, was being remarked that it could be used with hmds and other vr apps, but it was mainly geared toward gaming. the original technology is used for therapeutic and research purposes, and was supposedly much cruder than what this company did (who basically refined it in some manner); i would imagine that they had some patents (which are likely still in effect, and held by someone).
hello everyone, i was wondering, are there today good 3d audio solution that will be complementary with the or ? there are 5.1 headset out there, so these will be appropriate ? (i know about qsound, but wondering about hardware side) i remember testing at sony building (in ginza, tokyo) a headset in 1992... it was audio positioning 360, really impressive stuff. today, i don't know what solution are out there. anyone knows ?
@scot thanks - done ;)
@kenneth when you pledge it will give you confirmation that you want to pledge $300, just change that number to $330.
this project look awesome!! so if i eg. pledged $300, but i live outside us. do i need to manually go to "manage your pledge" and raise the pledged amount to eg. $330 to add the shipping fee or will $30 be added automatically?
applying the rift with games shouldnt be hard at all
i agree. it's great to see things like wifi display incorporated into mobile devices to possibly enable future headsets to go completely wireless. at the moment, i would think heat and latency would be the two biggest limitations to going wire free. it's encouraging to see that samsung is supporting these higher resolutions in the mobile space.  i would assume mass-produced compatible screens with those higher resolutions would be coming soon as well.
@james w: for what? this is a headset, it does not require a processor. the computer does the heavy lifting. and from what carmack mentioned, it can be pretty taxing. while that processor might be good for a phone, or tablet, it hardly can compete with a desktop pc and a discrete gpu
@denny there's two problem with hardware upgrades as stretch goals: 1) the hardware is the primary pledge reward. by increasing specs, they increase costs and so the actual cost to the company for the reward increases dramatically.  2) the delivery date was set with these specs in mind. modifying specs requires additional time for r&d, negotiations, etc. a better stretch goal might be bringing on another engineer to help make the sdk more robust.
this technology seems to be a perfect solution for absolute positioning: http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://ewokrampage.wordpress.com/
the new samsung exynos 5 dual might be perfect for the consumer edition, there's an article on engadget. - supports wqxga (2,560 x 1,600) resolutions - wi-fi display & usb 3.0 - high bandwidth lpddr3 ram running at up to 800mhz with a bandwidth of 12.8gbps - decode 1080p video at 60fps in pretty much any codec - stereoscopic 3d plus handle graphics apis like opengl es 3.0 and opencl 1.1 i don't know much detail about vr, what do you guys think?
a little bit disappointed to hear that this project isn't shooting for stretch goals which improve the dev kit (display upgrade, tracker upgrade, free case of oculus branded beer!).  one of the compelling things about kickstarter is the way in which vendors can potentially make product improvements based on support benchmarks. don't get me wrong, i'm still extremely excited to receive my dev kit this december!!! like everyone else, i can't wait to dig into development!
@daniel harvey: i'm actually much more interested in this technology palmer talked about where you can trick the accelerometers in your ears to fake movement. this might be the final straw for full immersion.
when you guys get around to designing the oculus 2, you should really consider incorporating and eeg interface. the development of these two technologies could really benefit from each other.
yes but you can power it from a usb adapter
@lionel that's also the power source
just use a splitter for the video, and you got it!  might be weird tho, lol
it would be possible, just don't plug the usb head tracker of the second rift and duplicate the dvi/hdmi input
@stephen: no, it also sends head tracking information
is the oculus rift just an output device? if so would it be possible to plug in another oculus rift so that a spectator can watch the action?
i've worked in the game industry for a period of time as a programmer/engineer. now i'm spending most of my time studying for a phd in mathematics, so game development is now a purely hobby endeavor. the oculus rift looks very impressive. i look forward to working on projects with it.
@joe atm it shouldn't affect it at all this early.  1280x800 @ 60hz is fine for most gaming pc's.  now, once the resolution goes up.....it will start to be a problem.......then when it goes 120hz it will really be a problem.  carmack said himself he needed more gpu power for his 120hz home project. about seeing the keyboard. there is a tick mark on the f key.  map all possible controls around the "home" position for your hand and to your mouse buttons.  no problem there.  but as someone stated, you can always use a 360 pad.  which for the time being the pad will be the best, you won't notice the latency as much.
well its gonna be good to use this oculus in games
as a side note, i'm actually really interested to integrate this headset into a quadcopter platform with onboard camera.  anyone else doing home rc or uav work with headsets?
$10 donation for what is probably the most important revolution in gaming since 3d graphics. easy decision!
@r potter i am well aware that the rift is not an input device, i am merley stating an idea of how you could see what you are pressing when playing a game with the rift and that this could be incorporated for rift supported games. =)
would be interesting to set up a poll to see how many of the rift-dev-kit backers is actually a developer.  i'm not a aaa developer in the industry, but ive been working on indie games like forever ;) it will be a special moment when i hit that compile button for the first time with code aimed for the rift!
congratulation on reaching 1,5 milion! let us all hope that at least half of 4461 kits are meant to be used in game development, not just by fans that wanted to support this awesome project :-) i can't wait to see some comparison rift vs. classic nvidia 3d vision - how does it affect gpu power (3d vision is basicly 1/2 fps).
@scot the input is up to the software. it has nothing really to do with the rift
big f'ing gun. and to answer lanseg: isn't it f'ing big? i'm not entirely familiar with american measurements though, so i don't know if that's a mass or a length. :)
to anyone wandering about the lack of seeing the keyboard/controller: i played a game called tera online recently, which directly supported xbox controllers.  this is an mmo with many combos of spells which would be way to many for a simple controller.  the way they got around this was by assigning the back trigger buttons as menus which when used at same time as regular button, it gives a completely different output.  all this was displayed as a controller hud in the bottom right so you knew what you were pressing.  it would be good to see this support for the rift.
@lanseg uhm.. what?
and how large is bfg model? can i carry it in hands as a real gun?
wow! 1.5 million!
the main issue to make it work with unsupported games is to manage to lower the latency. this will be very hard to patch if not impossible. maybe  there's a way to short-circuit a late view matrix using classic direct3d dll injectors and that will suffice.
@shane do you mean without 3d (like desktop-mode) or 3d but with unsupported games? there is always the possibility that someone makes an unofficial "patch" for a game so it may work with rift. regarding desktop-mode, as i understand it, not right away. the desktop/browser will have to be warped for it to look good and acceptable on the rift.. someone please correct me if i'm wrong!
something i've been trying to figure out - will the dev kit be at all usable on non-supported games, just as a private display?  i keep my wife up at night with the brightness of my monitor, so figured a bonus use for the dev kit would be to keep from distracting my wife when i game in bed.  thank you for humoring my noobish question.
@ patrick  yep, similar experience.  but i even tried it on the consoles, same result. @ tony  you are very correct.  that said, it's healthy to debate and discuss all possible options for the final product.  even if it is quite premature.  it's never too early to start brainstorming for anything.
when the consumer version comes out im guessing that there will be more then just doom available to it? portal would be fun for it
@tony of course. as i stated it's definitely not a dealbreaker. hdmi or not.. it will still be a really cool experience for a really good price. :)
having personally tried hdmi and display-port on two 7970's and a 120hz monitor i haven't gone back to hdmi. the difference is significant and for the vendor its also royalty free.
all this dvi/hdmi concern -- look, it's a devkit -- i imagine the consumer-friendly version will be hdmi. dvi is simpler so there's probably reasons to use it for now, and as a devkit it shouldn't really be a concern. @luke keppler: the video input is simply dvi to one screen at 60hz. no left/right interleaving. the one display is treated as two halves, one per eye -- optics present each half of the screen to the 90degree-horizontal field-of-view.
with certain displays hdmi adds extra latency, not sure it that's the case here or not.  i run strictly dvi on each system for this reason and it definitely helps. hdmi does have sound.....but that will only matter if they add an audio system. that just comes down to if it's focus for just single player games or multiplayer too.  for multiplayer stuff some people are going to want to use their mix amp setup.  now.....if you integrate a mix amp into it, everyone wins......but that might be too much.
@wylde.  ah okay, so it doesn't use hdmi 1.4 3d standard through an hdmi input cable, but uses dvi (single l/r alternating @120hz dvi, i'm assuming). that was my question.  hdmi 1.4 seems worth doing (given the benefits of using the industry standard), but actually a lot of work with licensed hdmi-port logic and interpolated display modes.  not insurmountable in the future, i hope.
as a dvi-port is stated its still under subject to change. if using a dvi-port, why? its much larger than hdmi / mhdmi = less mass or more room for other components if using a fixed dvi-cable, why? bigger problems if cable would get broken i see only positive things if using a hdmi / mhdmi-port but still a dvi-port or fixed cable wouldnt be a dealbreaker. if not hdmi for the devkit it should be on the consumer-release.
mmh maybe you're right, from the faq: "what type of input will i use to connect the rift developer kit to my computer? the rift’s video input is dvi, though that can be converted to hdmi with an adapter. converting the signal does not impact the performance of the rift." although i think it would be better to make the hdmi port available since it's already on the board.
@lionel no way it will have both, that would be completely stupid as a hdmi to dvi-adapter costs like $5 max and to have two ports will just take unnecessary space on the hmd's case..
i think there will be dvi and hdmi, you can see the two ports on the pictures here : http://www.legitreviews.com/article/1996/1/ there seems to be vga and s-video also (but the controller board was cut and some chips are missing so maybe they won't work ?) so i don't think you'll need a hdmi to dvi adapter :)
@electrix -  agreed. hdmi would be a better solution imho.
i actually think it would be better to use a hdmi-input instead of dvi 1. hdmi is easy to pull out without screws, this minimises breaking anything because of  "walkoffs" where someone forgets the have a cord ( depending on placement of port) 2. micro connection input port would save space or make the unit somewhat easier to design. you can see this on many smartphones and follows same standard as hdmi 1.4 3. have a hdmi to dvi-adapter if dvi is necessary. thoughts anyone? :)
what i have heard yet of binaural simulation for audio is really poor for now  (only fixed distance, and mostly working for the yaw angle instead of the whole sphere). i would love to see a real working open source library for it.  but this is only for spatial positioning, i think spatial distortion due to the environment might be available when renderers turn to ray tracing/path tracing. i don't know precisely the physics behind but maybe that would be possible to make an approximation with it.
@martin the usb is also for powering the device
oculus + leapmotion + voice command... i can't wait to for up a unity build were i can look around and say 'arch'   and open a menu to use the leap for interaction.
@tyler cook, thank you, friend! @bert wooden, those are excellent links. thank you as well!
yeah, now we just need a decent 3d audio solution. i was into 3d audio some 15 years ago, but it looks like interest evaporated with the fall of vr... and the rise of "home theater". right now i'm looking into possibility of using opencl/cuda to handle the calculations, but i have no experience with gpgpu programming and limitations yet. i don't know if the latency to get data to gpu and obtain results is too long. i also don't know limitations of various platforms or whether gpus can share these tasks with graphics. ideally 3d audio could be cross platform -- consoles (including the lowly ouya) and pc. the common source of number crunching horsepower is the gpus. or, does anyone else know of existing options that look good for spatial audio?
oculus developers! there are a few places to go to discuss possibilities, brainstorm ideas, and get feedback from fellow rift devs: http://www.oculushub.com/forums/ http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/ http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewforum.php… also for your 3d audio consideration: put on some earphones, start this video, close your eyes, and imagine experiencing this with the rift:   http://www.youtube.com/watch…
wylde, i asume the usb cable is for the accelerometer headtracking. and the dvi is whats used to deliver the actual video content.  so therefore, while there might be 1 cable going out of the optics, its going to terminate into 2 connectors.
@benjamin barany i doubt they would issue a connector design change at this stage with the dev kits. however if you go a little homebrew on this, i guess you still can cut the cable(s) and fit at custom connector on it. could be good also as an option to extend the lenght of the cable.
@ben.  pretty sure there are two removable cables.  usb and dvi (or hmdi?) i kinda like the idea of "one cable" for the consumer version.  with the video/audio/usb on there.  hehe just gotta integrate a decent sound system.....on there.   ok i'm done rofl.
a small design change that would make a major difference in the dev kit is a removable cable. being able to pop the cable out of the hud would save more then one from destruction and potentially help with tangling.
@zachary brakin what oculus needs to do is convince them (and this is true anyway) is tell them that if sony and microsoft want vr to be more than a one trick peripheral, they need to support third party huds. i'm sure sony would love for people to only play ps3 on sony tvs it would destroy their bottom line.
@mario i believe pitch is 180. i am cautiously hopeful that the tracking performs well. the video does look like the tracking was limited, but the article that the guy wrote about his experience in that video definitely gives me hope: http://gamersnewsnetwork.wordpress.com/2012/08/05/a-virtually-amazing-experience/ l totally agree with you regarding a "1 wire to the pc" solution! the less wires the better.
@bert wooden 360 fast and accurate for the yaw would be amazing. what about pitch? a range of 180 should be sufficient, but if it can do 360 all the better. however im still alittle sceptical about the performance of the head tracker. a rift-doom test session on yt implied that the tracking range was quite limited. http://www.youtube.com/watch… yes wireless is perfect for this. im aware of the bandwidth limits, but they should really try to get all wires in one single light cable (audio signal included). maybe an idea could be to fit a 3.5mm jack on the rift device, so you can still use your headphones of choice, while still being connected with a single cable to the pc.
@mario basiola   i believe jcarmack mentioned in his quakecon keynote that there is full 360 degree rotation. he also mentioned that the cables are the main obstacle to moving around freely - just like wylde said. too many spins in your chair and you may choke yourself out. xd wireless would be awesome, but current wireless hdmi does not seem to have sufficient bandwidth/latency for the rift, especially once they get around to increasing the resolution. we will have to wait on that. in the meantime, i plan to do a little diy wire positioning. maybe an overhead bracket, or repurpose my bedroom lamp: http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/60103854/
@wylde lol! ..the idea of added danger to the vr setup, is strangely  appropriate. just look out to misinterpret the feeling of suffocation by cable, as an immersive experience.. and you should be just fine lol about the render warping thing. would it be good enough of a trick to render the frames on plane meshes that are distorded in geometry to compensate for the lenses? should be very easy to set up if you're coding your own game that is.
please developers look at the guys at openpandora.org. they had very bad luck with the production of their opensource handheld device. regarding the chinese case manufactures, faulty components and credit card problems. all this problems had set the project 2 years back. i also hope you are prepared to build this much devices.
@luke.  it's just a display, so it's up to someone to modify the game to work with it.  so someone has to change it from straight up 1280x720 -> two 640x800 stereoscopic display's side by side at a locked 60hz.  (with the pre warping to account for the lenses) so outside of doom 3 bfg (pc i'm guessing, maybe all plats), it's going to be up to developers and modders on what games have support for this. for right now this is just for devs and techie's to test and play with, not universally supported in the slightest. @mario i believe so......but with the cables that could be quite dangerous lol
does the hmd alone (not including tracking) work in 3d with the ps3 using hdmi 1.4?
@bert wooden hi and thanks for your answer. sorry i didn't formulate my question well. what i mean to ask is:  is the rift head tracker able to track rotation (accurately) all the way to 180, or even 360?
@boris or this, which came from john carmack's twitter account. https://p.twimg.com/athfjalcaaah81g.jpg:large
@brois it sort of looks like this: http://i.imgur.com/d7npd.jpg
@thomas as i said i eventually have a solution for this but it's all up to the people responsable for shipping.. but good to know, hopefully the don't categorize it as usual sunglasses because then they will add toll-procentages also.. :s
electrix: i talked to swedish customs earlier today, even if there is "gift" on the package and no price, they will "estimate" the value of the device and then tax you according to their "decision". so it's probably best if oculus put the value/price on the package so we wont run into customs charging way too much.
@wookiee yes! that little taste boosted my enthusiasm even more! @mario basiola according to what palmer and jc have said/wrote, that the rift tracks rotation in all 3 dimensions (pitch, yaw, roll).  as far as translation (moving your body up/down, side/side, or back/front), it is very slight or non-existent. digital foundry: could the motion sensors be used to simulate the player leaning around corners, or registering an instinctual 'dodge' by the player to avoid incoming fire? palmer luckey: the head-tracking does allow you to lean around corners to a limited degree by using translation of the tracker data. having true positional data that lets you lean from side to side or lean in closer to things requires different sensors, something that is not going to be in the development kit. source: http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/df-hardware-oculus-rift-interview
it seems like the tracking issues are already figured out. there's probably just a lot of tweaking left to do along with the outer shell for all the components and the game engine integration.
@bert wooden great link! that dragon looks cool in 3d, played it on the mobile phone with my hand seperating the images.
just wondering how viable those little $44 3 axis accelerometers would be for calculating head position in addition to the gyro for rotation. (far as i know there is no accelerometer on board as yet as carmack was simulating it in software to increase imersion/avoid puking) watched that 3 hour interview with carmack about his attempts and those head motions seem to be all important. if lattency is bad then that kinda kills it as the high end stuff seems to be 1 axis for about $600 (just the sensor) also found some 9 axis ones for about $100. it should not be to hard to turn g-force readings into movement over time (calculation to slowly return to neutral to compensate for any cumulative drift) just wondering.
question to oculus team. is possible to get screenshot of what is rendered on the goggles? that is, 1280x800 image of what is "transmitted" by video card to oculus rift goggles. cheers, friends.
anyone tried the razer hydra? i'm wondering if thats a viable option for vr controllers/manipulators.
@schwarz andreas: you're right... i keep forgetting: no customs fee (in case of a "gift") doesn't mean no import tax either. ah well... including tax it will be around 300 euros, which is still a steal.
lol i was joking
there is some decent language barrier stuff going on now, haha.  love me some bad translation. @illkill. yeah, no.  i'm good with visual feedback.
what would be excellent is if in the future oculus made a program or a device that when used with the rift could give a mild electric shock or something when you get hurt. make it feel like you are actually in the game
portal 2 with rift would be fun
@illkillu1a possible as one user has fixed support for source engine (hl2, l4d2, dear esther och portal 2); http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
wonder if people will try to put tf2 on the oculus
i purchase my vfx3d helm last year from the usa. i must only pay 19 % german mehrwertsteuer. you must say the oculus is only for computer gaming. they dont interested in a ce sign.
@sebastian p. from what i can read this is mainly for radio equipment and tte (as we use different radio-signals then other countries and so on..) http://www.businesslink.gov.uk/bdotg/action/detail…
some early video reviews on youtube claims that the oculus rift's head tracker can accurately detect any head direction. is this actually true?
i'm also worried about customs tax/toll (germany here). also, i heard that there might be problems if the item does not contain the ce certification when it gets imported to europe.
@laserschwert, that is not the case in sweden as customs is used to packages labeled "gift" and checks many anyway. in sweden they add 25% tax and toll-fee even if it is a gift but the total value of the package is over 500 sek (~$63).
regarading customs, you can label the package as "gift", and most of the time it will pass customs unhassled.
aaron light you are totally right with the glasses thing
@scot i'm currently in discussion with someone at oculus regarding the custom/toll/tax-charges that will come when the unit arrives in our country. as they wrote to me, and i quote, "we'll have to look into this more for you. what country are you in? remember: it's a reward, not a sale.". i have some ideas how this maybe can be solved but nothing rock solid if it can be done and will work. as soon as i know more i will post a new comment regarding this.
@scot, it will cost less than £50 in duty fees.
i'm also a big fan of the oculus rift project. i' m playing now with a vfx3d helm. but this thing is heavy and has a bad resolution. glasses are ok by using. i hope they find a way to use  glasses comfortable with the oculus rift.
here in the uk it costs just as much as the device itself in customs charges... i am still backing it though!
congrats palmer!!! supporting you and this project is so incredibly important to a larger fundamental shift in how we interact with our technology. i've followed your work for a long time and i'm extremely excited to see the corporate big-wigs fall behind you! they "got it!", my god, they finally got it!!! i'm a vr enthusiast like so many others here but i'm also a developer and i can't wait to bring this to our team to dig into. games that focus on an experience and carry with them an emotional weight that is lost by the "fish tanks" we've all grown so accustomed to. i've always felt that vr is the future we all missed and this project, worts and all, is a tremendous step in the right direction.
if valve supports it, there goes the last of my college money. hopefully the source engine supports it by the time early rift kits come out.
go for prototype gamer version, oculus people!
very excited to support the project and develop applications for this.  i do lots of c++/opengl programming, and the sdk will be supporting linux too -- oh yeah baby!
i definitely hope you find a way to make this comfortable with glasses on. i see too many inventions out there (*cough* real3d *cough*) that completely ignore the fact that a large portion of the population wears glasses and are very uncomfortable to wear. in the case of real3d, it also impacts the realism of hte image comign through the glasses, and i never seem to get the full effect. it would also be nice if there was a way to input one's glasses prescription and have it focus for that...
@benjamin barany it's possible microsoft is developing their own--if the leaked documents from a couple months back are true. if sony or microsoft wanted to support it though they would probably just make their own hardware.
um what games will be released for this do u think? a mario game would be fun in 3d
i have been doing a lot of snorkeling lately, and not having done it since i was a kid i purchased a nice mask and snorkel. i noticed a huge improvement on the strap, using something called a "neoprene comfort strap" it makes it really easy to put on and off a mask, even if you have a lot of hair. examples are @ http://www.oceanicworldwide.com/us/masks/ http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b007ei7yg4/ i think this could really add luxury to oculus in a place we have not really discussed. can you please test out some neoprene straps and cost them out to see how much more then your current strap it would cost. it also seems like most of these straps have logos and text imprinted on them, which would be perfect for your eye logo ! let me know what you think, thanks!
(as per my previous comment) of course you may have intended that, what do i know : ) . so i'm not a developer even though i've entertained the idea and i might end up canceling (i just got so very exited for the first real vr)! i just want to wish the team good luck. i believe you guys know what you're doing and will make a version with an even higher field of view and other super cool do-dads. one suggestion from a now rabid fan, if you want wide spread adoption, the rift needs to be on consoles and gamestop. it may involve some hair pulling (especially since microsoft and sony will probably want to keep vr in their own little ecosystem) but unfortunately, you need to be in with them at almost any cost. again good luck oculus.
@reinoud yes indeed! emerson from the mtbs3d forum has got the ball rolling. i was even able to get a 3d effect from that video by staring at my desktop display 'magic-eye' style. my brain hurts, but it was worth it. xd    http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
hey oculus, you might want to edit that final pledge for $5000 because as it stands one might think you get 10 dev kits included
this is pretty sweet: apparently some folks are already hard at work creating stereoscopic wrappers for games like skyrim, mirrors edge, etc. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@wylde when that time comes i think many people will have to upgrade, even with this dev-kit some people probably will have to upgrade today.. but that depends on graphics-quality and how low you are willing to go without spending more money for upgrading your computer.. as this is my first 3d anything i will have i don't even know if i'm going to like it, but if i do i probably will get hooked and prepared to upgrade when a newer version comes.. right now i'm sitting with 3x 27" fullhd displays which takes very much space. hopefully someday something will be developed and released so i can use my space for other things (like a lamp or something..). ;)
if i remember correctly carmack said splitting one display is easier than having two.  that might just be only having one cable instead of two.....not sure.  then hope everyone has two video outs on their video card.
@wylde well the idea would be to have two of them at 2.3 inch you really do need one for each eye.
@kenneth  it's a smaller display with the same resolution, so by the time you changed the optics to fit that screen it would probably look the same. a screen the same size but a higher resolution will probably be what they eventually go with when it's ready to sell.
no. not at all.  john had talked about 120hz and 4k panels.....so my concern was the task of running a game when that time comes. right now it probably doesn't take too much more than to run it normally, but if those specs get increased like that, now to run it in rift mode you need 4x the processing power.  that's all i was getting at. so at this point, the low res and hz is actually a good thing.
i wonder if its possible to get hold of any samples of this display. 651 ppi  the highest i have seen. http://www.j-display.com/english/news/2012/20120604.html
is oculus rift lens can be adjusted independently like smsd st1080? i right eye is short sighted but my left eye is ok when using sony hmz, the lens cannot be adjusted independently, so my eye and brain hurts
@wylde well as the specs you are listing probably will cost an insane amount of money (in the nearest future anyways), if you can afford that kind of hmd you will probably also afford a sufficient computer.. but like both palmer and john has stated, the low resolution does not seem to be a problem, if your concern is with quality that is..
i've just started to wonder.  if it's 2 x 640x800 @ 60hz now, in the future it's gonna be hard to make this work with the lastest games if it ends up being 2 x 1280x1600 @ 120hz.  that's some beastly computing, but it would probably be a pretty amazing experience if it's technically possible.
dont know if anybody linked this before? http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… palmer states that the display will be upgradeable if higher resolution is released. @danny holding my fingers crossed
rob / tobias: if it gets caught in the toll here in sweden you can expect around 500-600sek tax. computer products don't have a toll fee but you need to pay 25% tax. you can calculate the cost on the link below. http://www.tullverket.se/innehallao/tjanster/avgiftsguiden.4.4ab1598c11632f3ba92800010124.html i'm pretty sure you calculate it as "datorer, bärbara" (computers, laptops) as that's the closest thing to electronical hardware. best would of course be if it got through unnoticed.... the last thing i want to do is pay tax to this country whose tax expense priorities is fubar.
do we get 64 bit drivers for windows 7??? i am using windows 7 and windows 8 64 bit so i need that kind of driver :-)
@wylde i hope and think many more game-devs join in on this party. epic and valve likes the product, would be wierd if they wont include rift-support in future games and games not release yet :)
just started development using unity3 with the goal of having sufficient knowledge by the end of the year to get this hooked up with the leap. got to be honest though, i'm starting to wish i'd got the unassembled version, as one of the first backers i still think there's going to be a serious backlog to get these shipped before the end of the year!
@rob  oh i know about doom 4, i just meant available now.  considering id's track record, by then we will have 120hz versions at a nice resolution.  i would love doom 4 to launch next fall, but i somehow think we have a couple years to wait. hope carmack gets bored one day and retrofits rage with rift compatibility too.
@reinoud unless the price of super amoleds comes crashing down, i doubt we'll be seeing anything like that in near future in the "affordable" category. seeing as the currently planned version is going to cost an arm and a leg (i can get two pretty nice computer monitors with that $300, assuming the consumer version's price is similar to the dev kit) i'd say the market for $2000+ product is quite small.
looks like i will have to buy 2 - the low res version first, and perhaps an hd version the next year featuring a 6.1" 2560x1600 120hz super amoled. in any case - real & affordable vr seems to be around the corner :)
@wylde not only "one id game" as john carmack stated that they will integrate rift-support in doom 4 also. but of course things can change..
@quy. this is not a consumer device, it is a prototype.  this thing will go through some revisions and the final product could end up being impressively better.  but that's probably 2-3 years down the road. that said, they drastically underestimated how much people would be willing to pay just to play one id game with a decent vr prototype.
@tobias nice to see other swedes here (det bevisar ju bara hur stort intresse det är globalt) ! :)
@rob i'm expecting that the customs here in sweden will grab the kit and request taxes for it. but i'm hoping that i'm lucky and they will miss it. hope they are not reading this...
i couldn't hold it any longer and now i've done my first pledge here on kickstarter. have any of you international backers asked about tax and toll-fees? oculus mentions nothing regarding this and i assume that both tax and toll will be added when the product arrives in our own countries?
@hdmi questions.   while it is certainly possible, i question it being able to a push a stereo display while also powering the lcd and circuit board.  i actually have to use an hdmi amplifier at home just to drive 720p mono video @ 30hz over a 25 ft cable.  and that's a tv which has its own power. so,  increasing the resolution, then doubling the image, then doubling the hz (about 5x the information traveling in my setup).......all that and still powering the display and board?  that's magical in my eyes.  although a battery pack could solve all of these issues.  plus it wont need 25 ft of video cable either, but i'd say 15 ft isn't out of the question. (longer the cable the harder it is to push the signal obviously)
et3d: i think there is a misunderstanding, right now it makes sense for them to go with 720p panels, because they can get them in a certain quantity for a reasonable price. i guess that's the main reason for the devkits to only have that resolution. for a developer only the functionality is important and the resolution is negligible. also important to note is that the rift is based on a single panel, split via software for your two eyes. any panel of the right size should be an option for the final consumer product.
will it have a consumer pledge version’s here while it will still funding cause i don't wan the dev and consumer mite be better or cheaper.
damir, i see the legit reviews text (quoted below in the comments) as an official response, since that's how it's presented there. my problem is that it felt like an exaggerated pr response. i understand that there are real problems and that the final product will have a higher resolution, but text like "$6,000 liquid nitrogen cooled screamers" is pure hyperbole, and that's the general problem for me with parts 1 and 2 of that response.
thomas: thank you that answer my question i can't wait to try it out!
quy: i don't see any apparent reason why the dev-version would not work even when consumer version is released. the only difference would maybe be better resolution and response time on consumer version.
im not game developer but i got the early rift $300 i was wondering when consumer version’s is release do i need to get consumer version’s to play future game supported with rift or i can i use the one im getting as my it ready to play when game is releases?
et3d: it's not bogus if going after 1080p, that would not be possible.
@andreas monitzer luckily most developers won't have to develop kernel modules or libusb userspace drivers, because there will be enough people more than eager to do this and publish their work if oculus doesn't. as long as you know how to modprobe and talk to evdev or xinput you should be fine.
et3d: the official statement from oculus is on the main page all the way down in the faq while it’s true that the developer kit uses a relatively low-resolution screen (1280x800), we promise it delivers a compelling, immersive 3d experience. and to be clear, we plan on improving the resolution of the screen for the consumer version. stay tuned for more details!
by the way, i just checked and hdmi 1.3 supports 2560x1600 at 60hz, and hdmi 1.3 has been supported by graphics cards for a couple of years now. also high end cards can run games at 2560x1600, and while 3d is more costly than such a single image, it's probably still within the realm of possibility, depending on the game. in any case the hdmi argument is completely bogus, and having it raised by the oculus guys reduces my trust in their technical knowledge and ability.
et3d: the max for hdmi @ 60hz would be 2560×1600 and i would guess that is what they are aiming at for the consumer version.
et3d: what they mean is that for 1080p fpr each eye, there would need to be a single screen with 3840x1600 (1920x1600 per eye) resolution something that hdmi cannot handle, only dual link dvi. and a screen that small at that resolution would be very expensive.
i don't understand why there's need for two 1080p@60hz inputs. the current rift advertises a single 1280x800 (dual 640x800) image. i would imagine that an 1080p one will have dual 960x1080 displays, and that should work fine with an hdmi cable. high end graphics cards should also have no problems pushing this in most games. it's about twice the number of pixels, so it's a decent upgrade, and reaches a psychological point where it doesn't seem too low res. so while the cost argument probably still stands (for now), i think the other ones are exaggerated.
we have seen many efforts to succesfully bring a gamers hmd to the market. and i wanted one ever since i read an article about the forte vfx-1 in a magazine back in 1994. this time around though, things seem different. there is the backing from major software developers right from the get-go. and the technology really has made a leap in the last 5 years with the rise of mobile phone technology. i believe this effort is the first to have a realistic chance of success and i want to do as much as i can to make it happen! congrats to palmer for getting this far!
high resolution seems technically impossible right now, and this should be in the faq. "believe me, we want to deliver high resolution, and that is something we will deliver in the consumer version.  for now, though, there are very practical limitations that resulted in the current resolution: 1)  currently, the hdmi standard does not support pushing dual 1080p at 60hz, only 24hz.  dual cables have a huge set of issues (bulk, keeping the image in sync, impossible to drive from consoles), and displayport does not have wide enough adoption to justify exclusivity to that standard. 2)  rendering a game in stereoscopic 3d means you are effectively rendering the game twice, once for each eye, dropping your fps by as much as half.  in addition, hmds need a consistently high refresh rate, even occasional drops greatly reduce the quality of the experience. hypothetically, if you wanted to push a game into dual 1080p hmd, you would need a computer capable of rendering the game in 2d and never dropping below 120fps.  there are very few people out there with rigs that capable, and we need the developer kit to be accessible to all developers, not just the ones with $6,000 liquid nitrogen cooled screamers. 3)  higher resolution displays are very expensive right now.  by next year, the prices will be reduced by an order of magnitude. 4)  the lens design coupled with the software distortion means that the center of the image has much higher resolution in the center than in the periphery, much like the human eye.  i know it is hard to believe this, but if you ask anyone who has used the display, they will tell you how effective it has been.  it has been shown to hundred of people, ranging from average joe non-gamers to the rock stars of the game developing world, and the experience has been universally praised."
so i'm curious, doors anyone know if the rift cutler possibly be damaging to the eyes? i'd anyone knows i'd appreciate it if they messaged me the answer. thank you
a lot of pleas for resolution. there is some further explanation in this article: http://www.legitreviews.com/article/1996/1/ "believe me, we want to deliver high resolution, and that is something we will deliver in the consumer version.  for now, though, there are very practical limitations that resulted in the current resolution..."
ifreak: i know i would, no question about it.
please, dear octulus people, think about an option to a higher resoluted display  - maybe for 500 dollar. i'm sure a lot of the pledgers would upgrade to this version.
oculus rift review from someone who got to play with it at quakecon: http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php…
is it possible to use this to be used outside the game (like a normal monitor)? e.g. navigating desktop, viewing photo and videos? or this version is limited to support the bundled game and further usage need to be coded using the sdk? thanks
i have waited since i was a child for a head set like rift, so i donated my $300 (plus $30).  i’m not a developer, but i want participate in the feedback for a better final product: especially, i’m interest about immersive 3d experience.  i think the final product will be ready in one year more (at least).  so, it is a reasonable range of time to achieve a better product with the gamer community support.   i have only one petition for the prototype: improving the resolution of the screen, please (you have the money)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@florian boesch: while that's true, i don't expect many graphics programmers (which is the target market for this) to know how to write kernel modules or libusb clients. that's a rather steep hill to climb to start developing.
the "virtual insanity" panel from quakecon 2012 is up. includes john carmack, michael abrash from valve, and palmer luckey (oculus). very informative! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
this looks great! 80's childhood dreams coming true! i would love to be an internal tester or provide tech support!
i read the legit reviews hands-on and i was glad to read that the resolution is used effectively and that the retail version will have higher resolution. i decided to show my support with a minimal pledge. maybe i'll show more support when the retail version arrives. :)
anyone who want a lot more info on this should watch john carmacks keynote from this years quakecon http://www.youtube.com/watch…
just to be clear: i'm not complaining about resolution. i am content with it, because the reasons i'm supporting the rift now and ignored hmds in the past: wide fov, low-latency tracking, and affordable! far more important than resolution! resolution will come, but until then, i'm factoring that into game design... and creativity is often encouraged by constraints.
perhaps an intermediate resolution (e.g. 1600x900) is achievable? otherwise - would it be possible to upgrade the dev kit model with a higher resolution panel in the future?
@michael dougherty: it's not going to be like 800x600. that's the resolution reaching each eye, but it's spread over a giant field of view, like sitting close to a projector screen. also, the n64 had very nice coverage-based antialiasing. edges were sharp, even though the typical resolution was 320x240 (it could support 640x480, but few games used it). you're probably thinking of the "blurry textures", not the low-res with antialiasing.
i'm interested in prototyping a virtual 'wall of monitors' as a desktop extension. i've got a few game ideas too, but i am mostly interested in different interaction paradigms; rather than just exclusively using it for 'games'. i am an id fan too so that helps ;)
@andreas monitzer there's two components required for support on any platform. 1) rendering correctly and 2) getting the head tracker input. #1 is easily solved on any platform if you know the projection required #2 is simply a problem of getting the 6-axis input arriving over usb into your application, something that can be hacked onto linux quite easily besides, linux is a pc, just like osx and windows. pc != windows.
keep in mind that the wide fov means that users won't see much of the borders of the screen. if you have a hud and/or display some other data on screen, you have to keep it close to the center. @markus schulz: ios and android are on there as well, but palmer already stated that there won't be support for them in the dev release… i don't quite know what this icon collection is supposed to communicate.
i'm a believer. besides gaming, please bring out support for applications where the original developers are no longer involved in. i'll be interested in using this with flight simulation, specifically microsoft fsx (which still has a large user base) but as we all know, fsx development by microsoft stopped a long time ago and flight was a complete flop.
i don't understand why people think games will look like n64 graphics on the rift.  you will be able to crank up all the detail and probably enable some heavy anti aliasing.  it will not look anything like the n64 at all.  go load up a modern game and use 800x600 to get a feel for what it will look like.  make sure you crank up the aa in nvidia inspector.
i just really hope that everyone who actually develops for this thing makes sure that they don't simply take a rectilinear image and spread it across the oculus' curved display, but that they actually output an omni-perspective fisheye image from the game correct to the angles and scale of the oculus!! this is vital to an immersive true vr experience. i hope this feedback is a no-brainer for all who read this :) thanks again guys for coming up with this!! i've been waiting for the genius' to take the stage with this concept!
i see the tux picture so it looks like linux support form the start, this is good news!  will the sdk be compatible with gnu/gpl so all the potential foss games can use it and it can be distributed via package manager? i just ask because i use linux mint and this build on top of debian and stuff only get added if it's license compatible...
@kevin: i think those are good numbers to be aware of, without it being a slight to the system. rift favors fov over resolution, which is part of the appeal -- res will come in time. i'm drawing on experience and thinking of the n64 as a visual-quality comparison as i consider game ideas. even if the commercial version goes to a 1920 panel, that's still a wide fov to cover! as your numbers show, it's still going to be "chunky". so i'm avoiding game concepts which rely on detail (say, distant targeting, or text). instead i want to take advantage of the fast tracking and wide fov.
get it done palmer/oculus team! awesome - i've been waiting for this since i was a child. i've also created a vr development forum to help centralize the discussion as people have been asking for, doing my part to help get the oculus rift happening in a big way!! i encourage devs and vr fans to take part: http://vrdev.com
@andreas: no, i'm not taking into account the warping.  i still think the average comparison is valid though.  lets say the distortion is 20%, which it looks close to based on the images i've seen.  then maybe in the center its 7.03 arc min?
@elliott johnson: as far as i know, palmer earns little to nothing from these dev kits, since the plan is to get as many out there into the hands of developers as possible. this means that the number of $$$ on the top right is not a factor.
@kevin mellott: your calculation doesn't take in to account that the rift's view is warped, so the pixels in the center are smaller.
hey - since you guys have so much $$$$ now, why not make the dev kit higher resolution?  it would be worth waiting a few more months.
just so people have an idea about resolution.  the human eye can see down to about 1 arc min.  looking at just horizontal field-of-view (hfov), "the average angular subtense of a single pixel can be calculated by dividing the total number of pixels along one dimension by the angular fov of that dimension" (melzer, moffitt). -rift comes out to 90/640*60=8.43 arc min.  based on 90 deg hfov, 640x800 per eye.  60 arc min per degree. -visette pro 2 has a 1280x1024 panel per eye over 60 deg.  that's ~2.81 arc min. -vfx1 has 263x230 resolution per eye over 35.5 hfov.  that's ~8.10 arc min.   -sony hmz-t1 is 45 deg hfov with 1280 per eye giving 2.10 arc. min. you can expect the resolution to look slightly lower than the original vfx1.   if future versions have a 1920 panel you'll have 5.6 arc min. if 90 deg hfov (960 per eye).  to have a retina limited hmd you need about a 5k panel over one eye at 90 deg hfov->1.08 arc min. the 4k panel john carmack mentions in his quakecon
can't wait. could someone please add mirror's edge support asap? skyrim, battlefield 3, dirt 2, gta 4 1st person, and a flight sim or two would also be nice. ;)
@r&d i believe the enthusiast version you're talking about is the consumer version that oculus is telling people to wait for. this is the developer version. if you want all that extra stuff, let oculus know, and hopefully it'll make it into the consumer one!
dear palmer & co.: a humble backer request to consider offering the rift in a standard and enthusiast version. there is a hardcore niche market who will pay 2-3x the current price you're targeting to get better performance, whether it be improved resolution, lower latency, strafing sensors, et cetera. the $335 i pledged would have been worth it to me simply to replay doom 3 in immersive vr. imagine what adventuring around skyrim would be like. please ask john if he can get bethesda to make it happen! here's wishing you and your team outrageous success. i'm so appreciative of your efforts to revolutionize gaming!
+1 for (semi) official dev forum asap. what i would really like to know soon: what kinds of cameras (optics really) and post-processing i would need to produce stereoscopic video suitable for this? what i really want to use this for would be video see-through augmented reality, telepresence, and first-person recorded videos.. anyway great to see someone working on this, like many others i have waited for this since i was a child!
backed this after watching john carmack quakecon keynote.  john knows what he's talking about for hmd and tracker issues.  i've been studying many of the same effects he's describing for several years now.  so i'll give rift the benefit of the doubt and try one out.  doing tracking and image warping work for other hmds so i can definitely put rift through the paces.  i may do some characterization of the system once i get one as well.
@scout the only thing you've given us is your opinion.  we get it, you don't like the idea of headsets and you don't think the older technologies were very good.  nothing empirical, no links to studies.  there's been statements made over the years about people using virtual reality headsets for design in the aerospace industry having issues after many days of 8 hours or more of continuous but absolutely nothing to back them up as far as real evidence.  you haven't said *anything* about your "systems experience" except that you put in 20,000 hours on them(i'm sure many soldiers have, you're not a unique snowflake) but came away not liking them.  i don't see anything about any long term negative side effects you experienced, just that you don't think much of stuff made 20 years ago and this is some conspiracy to ruin people's eyesight to make a buck.  which is absolutely insulting to palmer luckey and shows you have no idea how much of the $300 for these dev kits is the price of parts(hint: nearly all of it). why are we supposed to take anything you say seriously when you come in using offensive language and  an opinion?
i think this would be really cool for a game where the main character is looking through a visor, (i.e. metroid prime). regardless, this sounds like the type of visor i've always dreamed of.
@andrew ayers something like what your talking about has been done over fourteen years ago with wires and without the headset but with a surrounding screen.  if you could keep the size/weight of the sensor small, wireless and the same size as a wristwatch-  putting one on the top of the head, wrist, waist, knee, ankle- i think you could have something. i still don't like the idea of a headset 3d or not.
not sure why i even do this but when something is wrong or "wrong in my eyes" as they say, i feel the need to enlighten or give knowledge where it is lacking- a flaw in my own programming maybe?   so to this end- @endothermic "yes you may get eye strain or headaches with prolonged use but that is not actually damaging you and if you take regular breaks like you should with a tv then you will avoid most cases of this."   *eyes are much like muscles or anything else in your body when pushed to the edge they eventually break. if i know gamers and i think i do, they play much more than they should- increasing potential/damage to the eyes.    @chris duggin "i think an important part of the sdk should include an easy way to show what's happening on the oculus on a external monitor (not in 3d). although most games will be single player, it's important for bystanders to see what's going on too. if not there will be a total disconnect between the player's and any non playing participant." *that is an important point, unless implimented- it would become another design flaw. @chris duggin "these optics bend light. if the optics are correctly set, your eyes will be in a relaxed possibly "infinite" focus. the problem with eye strain or fatigue is from focusing too close. you have to contract your eye to bring it into focus. if the lens does this for you, you are free to relax." *yes but not only from focusing too close but also focusing too far away. the sweet spot is very minimal when introducing the variety of people as a factor. people are not the same size. eye spacing/ depth, head size and a menagerie of other factors effect performance. for those of you that wear bifocals, or trifocals imagine driving your car with the reading portion of your lense. for those that have no eyes problems remember going to the movies when the projector was slightly out of focus. this might not be applicable to you "youngins" out there but it's bad- very bad. imagine trying to use this if you wear glasses. also i believe i've said enough about my systems experience. no matter what my job was/is or will be, there are some things that have had more than a billion dollars put into them and the best minds on this planet -and still have not achieved success in this matter. i'm not saying it can't be done just that its very unlikely that it will have success because of these factors. who knows though, snake oil had a measurable amount of success. good luck.    man i can be such a putz.
backed for a dev kit :-) massively excited about this. i'm not a gamer but the whole concept of vr thrills me and has done since the early days of dactyl nightmare et al. i remember standing in shopping malls with an 'alien' helmet waving my arms around in front of bemused shoppers - plugged into £100s++ worth of kit. what excites me is learning how to build my own (even basic) environments and explore then - be 'in' them. i've got loads to learn and i can hardly wait. i could never understand why people didn't 'get' vr, even with the crummy tech backing it up until recently - i'm pretty sure they're gonna 'get' it now ! thanks palmer.
hi occulus rift people. i've pledged for the kit as we intend to use it for the next version of our phantom limb therapy: http://blog.section9.co.uk/2012/02/03/phantom-limb.html im really excited by this - its the major component of the system. i think occulus could really make a difference here. cheers!
@muzza i don't think that would work very well because the two eyes are seeing separate images.  it would be weird because each eye would be seeing a completely different part of the image.  a better solution would be to create a virtual screen and head track you looking at that.  another option would be if it is easily modded to allow for moving the display further back so that one could look at the entire screen with both eyes, and that would be similar to some of the other older hmd's where you could see a 2d screen at a certain distance away.  it's doubtful that would be very fun though.
imagine mixing with this tech: http://people.csail.mit.edu/rywang/ shove a webcam on the front of the headset looking down at your hands. wuld give the user a full set of in-game hands. mmmmm...
with a 2d image such as a standard movie, can half be displayed for one eye and the other half for the other?essentially making full use of the 720p instead of duplicating it for each eye and losing half the rez?
just pledged $10 but will change to $330 once i get that much. also a plan on combining this with the makey makey! gonna be soo awesome!!
can't. wait. until. december. i am so looking forward to get my hands on the prototype. i hope it delivers what you guys promise. cheers :)
right now, i'd be really satisfied to just get a hmd that is comfortable to wear, not too heavy, with a really wide viewing angle and a good resolution. worry about motion control, full body experience or even tactile feedback later - if we could just get the hmd right we'd have a great start to the vr experience (and dream of the holo deck later). i am no developer and can't code enough to justify buying a ded kit... but i am really tempted. i really hope a consumer version is ready soon (maybe another kickstarter event?) and more games will support it. this is e most exciting thing in the industry since the wii... let's just hope it's not equally disappointing...
been waiting for something like this since i played dactyl nightmare back in the early 90s. and with people like carmack and gabe backing this, truly exciting times we live in!
one thing that makes me a little apprehensive is the issue around motion sickness / nausea caused by visual cues of movement with conflicting physical cues of being stationary. reducing the latency time of the image updates when moving the head supposedly helps but have there been any studies made to test if this nausea can actually be avoided in this situation? does using the prototype with doom 3, for example, over a gaming session of a couple of hours result in a nausea free experience? it would be a total bummer if this gets created to everyone's satisfaction except that it can only be played for 20 minute sessions before nausea sets in because it's, perhaps, unavoidable. i've been waiting for twenty years for something like this to come and can't wait for my dev kit, so,  please, someone allay my fears.
@andrew ayers see http://reddit.com/r/oculus and irc #oculus on freenode.net
@ryouki: well, i guess we all have different goals. i personally would like to set up my rift for just the kind of system i was describing. i likely won't use kinects or anything else "new" - i'll instead use my fob system, since that's what it is designed for. one sensor on my head, one on my hand (or a custom joystick of some sort?). whether i'll use it in a "stand-up" mode like i described or not is debatable; maybe i'll get one of those "zero-g" lounge chairs instead? i dunno. who knows, i might find i hate it now, and something "less active" is more on the table...
@john chipps-harding: if there isn't a sub-reddit yet, one needs to be made. maybe that could be a stop-gap measure until something more "official" can come along...?
@oculus having a web development background, im willing to invest my time in setting up a temporary community portal for this as you focus your efforts elsewhere?
@oculus is there a way to accelerate the launch of a forum for developers that are vested in developing for this platform? im all signed up for a dev kit along with thousands more. im not planning on waiting for the dev kit to actually start developing projects. im going to start now in preparation for the sdk. we need a place to start talking, brainstorming, joining forces, collaborating right now rather than clutter up this single comments feed with such ideas. thoughts?
;') i've been waiting my whole life for this moment, i'm ready to get my ass into gear and start developing :d
amen!
@scout, you're not actually staring at something an inch away from your face. you're looking through optics. these optics bend light. if the optics are correctly set, your eyes will be in a relaxed possibly "infinite" focus. the problem with eye strain or fatigue is from focusing too close. you have to contract your eye to bring it into focus. if the lens does this for you, you are free to relax. i'm 32ish years old. i do not wear glasses or contacts and have not had corrective eye surgery. i played nintendo's virtual boy long past the recommended game time of 15 minutes for much longer than the system was popular and a bit after it was no longer supported. even with it's blinding red light, i have crystal clear vision. i had a philips scuba (basically a small crt that gets strapped to your face). i would privately watch hours of movies and n64 from the comfort of my bed. at no point did i feel the need to complain of eye strain. remember magic eyes? i do. trying to focus on them close up does indeed give me eye fatigue, but that only occurs when i'm looking into the image. as soon as my eyes relax and go to an infinite focus, the strain wears off and i can see the magic 3d shape. heads up displays are not new, neither are stereoscopic heads up displays. in the early early 90s i picked up a book on how to make a heads up display from a fresnel lens, some cardboard and placing your face over what ever you could get your hands on as a display. in my case a a 15" crt. it wasn't head mounted as much as face planted. the hardest part was getting the optics correctly positions. once you had that you were golden. if you would like to share some of your "20,000 plus (plus plus etc)" experiences with a little more detail, i would be happy to discuss, until then you're opinions are little more than opinions.
any details on power consumption by the way?
so the consumer version will have a higher resolution. fair enough. anything else aside from the design? wondering how accurate an approximation of the consumer version, the devkit experience will be.
i think an important part of the sdk should include an easy way to show what's happening on the oculus on a external monitor (not in 3d). although most games will be single player, it's important for bystanders to see what's going on too. if not there will be a total disconnect between the player's and any non playing participant. another tangent... what are my friends going to do to me when i have headphones on and can't see what they're up to. i'm sure it will be no good, but that's not a question for oculus, but society... or at least the friends i keep.
really scout you pledge just so you can post that? for your information head mounted displays have been around for decades and there have been numerous studdies over the decades and not one has come to the conclussion that they damage your eyes. just look at the science industry, people spend all day looking down a microscope (yes you can display it on a monitor but alot still actually look at them optically) which magnifies the light alot more then an hmd does and i have heard of no study which says they suffer eye damage from it. but look at how many scientists and assiants wear glasses you say? sure alot of science people wear glasses but most of them were wearing them since they were children and didn't suddenly need them after they stared working with microscopes. yes you may get eye strain or headaches with prolonged use but that is not actually damaging you and if you take regular breaks like you should with a tv then you will avoid most cases of this. this is like saying sitting too close to the tv will damage your eyes which is also an incorrect myth.
ivan: press "manage your pledge" and change it to the new total.
@scout sounds like you need a new doctor.  millions of people look through lenses aka glasses all of their lives with no degradation of eye sight.  but please, continue to enlighten us with more rants, this one is hilarious.
this seems like the worst fucking idea. i really can't even begin to go into why cause it would take me a year to flesh out the book. yes i write very slowly. please let this type of virtual reality die. there is no fucking way you can take something an inch away from your eyes and make it seem like its a few feet to hundreds of feet away and not do any damage to your eyes. my ophthalmologist recommends not staring at anything that close for an extended amount of time. tv screens have gotten bigger over time for a reason. but i'm looking at this as a consumer. if i were thinking about how much money i could make off of this as a developer or game designer, if i pushed enough money into it, got enough people excited about it, promised things that i just couldn't deliver, well i couldn't stop at that point even though there are flaws inherent in the basic design. i've just invested too much money into this, no stopping now. but this is new and inovative you say, it's experimental. whoami - to say that the gods of games shouldn't do/try something new. i can tell you i am no one but does it really matter whoiam-. well i can tell you this, i've played with the 20,000 plus (plus plus etc) military games/ headsets/ programs/ full on simulators and they are not all that impressive. however the us government is not concerned with you having fun or making money from it and is rightly concerned with teaching you a lesson -many lives are at stake based on that fact. bottom line i predict this will go no where, or at least not as far as you hope it will go. who knows though i have been wrong about many things and i have no idea of your measure of success. good luck.
now y add +30us$ for international shipping
im fortgot to add 30us$ for international shipping.
awwwwww yeeeeeaaaa someone might actually get vr right  also notch creator of minecraft has given 10k to this and hopes to get minecraft working on it!!!!
i am terribly excited about this! playing doom 3 fully immersed is the stuff of my dreams... and my nightmares.  i imagine a situation when head movement controls the fov and a gun peripheral replaces the keyboard. even better if the gun has a "180" button and also has its movement tied to the cross hair. lan parties would be nuts. for those interested, a hands on review from quakecon: http://www.legitreviews.com/article/1996/1/
@andrew ayers: yes, full body is certainly a desirable goal, but with quite a few complications as you were noting! another thing to consider is haptic feedback (or lack of). you go to a knee and attempt to brace for a shot across those sandbag...! oops, fell on the floor. ;) or, you put your weapon through the sandbags or a wall... the game has to deal with your damn infinite-strength body and just move your position unceremoniously to prevent intersection, or punch through, or 'clip' you. some applications can be made to work without needing to navigate a space -- martial arts training/competition, for example, always having you reset to your place on the mat.
@andrew ayers: sure because everyone has a spare room for gaming exclusively (mancave). also we don't work or do so sitting all day so we don't get tired and just want to come home turn the pc/console on and play for 5h burning more calories than 10h at the gym... hint: i'm being sarcastic. don't get me wrong i'm all for full vr as you are dreaming but that is not how i want 70% of my gaming nor do 80% of the gamers. i want to have fun primarily , not to get a superrealistic 2nd world to fiddle with. fun in videogames will often get to the point where you have to trade it off for realism an vice versa.  and please stop going on about kinect. that is garbage. leapmotion is the way to go and you can pretty much strap that onto yourself with a diy belt-suport-arm...
@british: yes, you will have the advantage of having the opportunity to get a product with launch day support for the rift out there.
re: aiming/moving - i sincerely hope that with the kinect and/or other sensors, we can get away from being tethered to a joypad. an hmd with a wide fov and good resolution is only part of the "full immersion" experience. the remainder is being able to position your head, body, and arm(s) in the way you want, and have the world and your avatar react accordingly. i have only seen this done convincingly in high-end simulations, and in the old virtuality game systems. i want to be able to hide behind some cover and shoot "blindly" around a corner, with only my hand/arm being visible to "others" (for the moments of firing). if that means reaching backwards, crouching, etc - in real life - so much the better! unfortunately, this would open up a host of issues for home users: wires would be a problem, plus if using a kinect, you would need more than one to account for optical path occlusion. potential for injury would grow. cheap magnetic 6dof trackers would be more ideal (i have heard of a couple of companies that supposedly have something like this in the works?). you'd still need wireless video and audio to the hmd, of course. maybe the game could "nudge" you back to center with various visuals or such, to help prevent injury. that is what i want to see and experience again. with today's fps games and simulations, the experience would be mega-intense; i remember after playing a round of dactyl nightmare, i felt really jazzed, but also i was fairly sweaty (then again, i am an out-of-shape geek). full on body immersion is something that once you try it, everything else just seems a bit dull in comparison, imho.
i second that comment on the panel.  great job palmer, you'll be a veteran interviewee and panelist in no time.
just finished watching the virtual insanity panel. just the thought of being up there with the greats fried my nerves. and you, palmer, sat up there and just knocked it out of the park. geeking out with abrash and carmack in front of a live studio audience, and making the whole thing interesting to boot. my hat is off to you good sir. you did great!
@al calavicci: thanks! that was very informative. can't wait to try these out!
watch now live @ http://www.quakecon.org for oculus rift demo!
@benjamin stanley: for an sdk like this there shouldn't be any concern over linux "version" or distribution. tarballs or a git/hg/svn repository are not vendor specific.
correction to my prev post: i think you are safe.. to tired for spelling right now :d
@benjamin stanley: havent seen in stated specifically, but i do see the tux logo down on the front page, so i dont think you are safe :)
@oculus - also as a extension to my previous question - what versions of linux are currently supported?
i wonder now that they have gotten 4 times the amount of money needed how much this accelerates their plans?
hey, just a quick question - i am using both linux and windows (heresy, i know)... but will driver support be delivered for windows and linux?
i believe palmer have adressed the issue with mass producing units. they can massproduce the units in tens of thousands, if i recall correctly. :)
btw the team needs to update on if they are going to have to have these things mass produced. people are going to hold off ordering dev kits in fear of the team having to assemble thousands of kits themselves.
@joakim  yeah, i think the "aim-to-center" button is a good idea.  would definitely take some headaches away.  free to look normally, then when aiming/aim-down-sights the view is centered and focused on the crosshair.  it....could.....work.  /evil laugh. for q3a style games.....i think just using the display and not the head tracking would be the best route.   just too quick and too much movement.  i can imagine the injury reports now.  the media would have a field day.
heads -up: john carmack / michael abrash / palmer luckey quakecon 2012 vr panel 6pm cdt [ 9am aest ] livestream here: http://www.own3d.tv/quakecon/live/95671
@wylde: something that might be good is to have the gun default positioned around or at your "hip" when moving about normally, and facing forward from you character, then use a key (like mouse-right click) to aim your weapon toward the center of your view. the free cursor might be also be a good idea for vr rendering as ryouki mentions. the main concerns will be how responsive it all is ofcourse. will take alot of experimenting to get the proper controls, and ofcourse, highly dependent on the game. but i think one has to factor in the hmd as a third input device for alot of gamers.
@joakim  i'm thinking that the crosshair should always be facing the "forward" orientation of your character, then however far you can turn your head is how much you can deviate from it.  so, for 180's etc it's still going to be mostly mouse, i'm just thinking you should be able to freely look around.   one problem that presents is aiming quickly and accuratly, which is much easier when the crosshair is in the middle of the screen constantly. i think as of right now jc said for doom that the aim was controller by the rift + mouse/stick.  as in they are tied together and not independent.   i wonder if they can counteract each other (turn your head left while the stick right) or if there is some master/slave system.  so many possibilities and ways to do this, can't wait till  everyone starts tinkering with this and we figure out the best ways to use this.  gonna be some serious trail and error. @ryouki i've never been a fan of a freely moving crosshair within the fov.  what i'm thinking with the independent systems is the crosshair is the static part, not the fov. say you aim at an opponents head, you could theoretically look 90 deg to the left at something totally different......yet still shoot that opponent straight ahead that you are aiming at, while the crosshair is for the most part out of your view.  so as long as you are looking "straight", you see the crosshair.  i guess you'd have to have a re-calibrate key incase you got disoriented to reset what orientation is "straight". lots of problems to figure out.  this is gonna be good, lol.
oh and the gcon3 for time crises also tackles that perfectly.. the problem with both the psmove and the gcon3 is the "look" control, or camera control if you will. it is not effective and it's something headtracking vr could solve finally
you two need to play killzone3,mag or whatever for playstation with the psmove. it doesn't matter how much you move the image on-screen if the crosshair is free inside your fov but can't leave said fov.
@wylde: yea, this will really turn the whole concept of character control on its head (no pun intended). that will be a challenge for developers. but it also offers alot of new possibilities. the big question is (as you point out) managing the crosshair when turning the head. when today u turn with the mouse, you also can turn your character around 180 degrees to run the other way, which might not be as simple if you control your direction with your head obviously. but i can see a combination of the head turning, and steering with say the mouse for gun control.
@adam  realistically....give them a couple years.  this will go through some iterations and upgrades before it's ready for consumers.  now is just the time for every person that gets their hands on this to brainstorm and give feedback and make this all it can be. if all works out....hopefully within a couple years each first person game will come with 3 display choices.  standard, 3d, and vr. my only worry and question would be about independent aiming and looking systems.  so you could look around yet keep your aim somewhere else. this would make the experience much more immersive, but i could see the problems using it, especially if you turn your head so far that the crosshair is no longer in view.  but, thats what this phase is for, to figure this stuff out.
@dave rancourt: making a movie -- first you have to be able to make a movie with the head fixed.  this requires (at a minimum) (1) pre-warping the video, (2) having a wide field of view, (3) sending the r/l frames to the rift in the right format, and (4) enough resolution & frame rate & general quality to avoid headache, eyestrain & nausea. to allow some movement you need to have pix stiched together to show the view from continuous points in space and continuous shifts in viewing direction.  ms, ibm and others have worked on this. then you need to be able to navigate this stitched field of pix in real time with no perceptible lag. and you have to adapt this stitching to stereo views. allowing completely free motion by the viewer would require an immense library of views.  so the "story" of the movie would probably need to force the viewer into some constrained set of positions. humans moving is harder than fixed landscapes or still-lifes to view from a moving viewer. some green screen -- compositing at run time -- or multiple camera (or photon camera*) shooting -- might also help in separating the background from live action. it would be hard to match moving live action humans in pix taken from different spots at different times with any stitching algorithm based on a fixed subject  like a landscape or a room. so a real live-action movie with a freely moving viewer would be hard to do, but probably not impossible as the technology matures. (*a photon camera records the incoming photons (essentially time, position & direction) and re-constructs the image later.  think of this as super-high-resolution motion capture.)
as a side note to my last comment: when people like john carmack is backing something like this, and also developing support for this with doom3 bfg, that has a huge impact and will really help to get attention for this with retailers and so forth.
@adam aragon: its difficult for them to give any kind of date or quarter right now. its still a prototype, and for a these to hit the shelf as a proper consumer product there has to be a demand for them. so first people has to make games that support them. however, given what ive seen so far, (and given that it actually delivers) you wont have to wait very long. i wouldnt surprised if something was available within 12 months after the devkits have found their way into the hands of developers.
i'm really looking forward to getting my hands on this developer kit.  let's hope that this device will help bring the idea of vr for the masses back to life. there was a push to create viable consumer vr systems back in the early to mid 90's but the software and hardware were both way too far behind.  now that the hardware and software are light years ahead of where they were in the 90's, it may stick this time. i'm hoping that oculus has created a product that truly outperforms the novelty of vr.
wow, not sure if all of these will be read or responded to. but i'd like to see some real world figures. you guys have crack 1m in 2 days and i don't doubt you'll double it in the next month. but... when can we expect this consumer product, when can we buy the official, really we can use this, version of this product? i put in 10 dollars just because i think it's a great idea and i'd love to see it made, but now that it looks like a reality, are there are any hard dates? projections?
@johnny: there's much more than mere awareness being gained here ^^ 1m in about 2 days, and 28 days left... the more pledges there is, the more there is benefits from those "little over cost prices" . and even if there's nothing to add for this ks, the question i asked yesterday is still valid: will there be any advantage/bonus/cookie/whatever to $275+ backers when consumer version comes to fruition ?
@ tony, others, you're right, 6-dof should include translation and as @edzieba mentioned the translational portion won't be very useful from what we've been told so far.  my bad, i just read from before that only rotation was going to be supported and didn't bother to think about what i was saying ;)
@british each kit is provided at a little over cost price, therefore there are no stretch goals for breeching $250k. this is purely about gaining awareness and support for a future consumer version.
i can already see someone hack google streetview with this. this also would be awesome for second life players.
@lary freeman these valve args are getting out of control! but seriously, that's awesome. good going, grandpa!
@ dave  i really think it would need to be a movie entirely in 1st  person.   since it's emulating putting you into the space, it would be odd with the different pans and cuts. that said, it would be neat to give it a shot......or maybe this will spawn video's entirely for the rift.  i'm excited to get my hands on this and see what it's potential is.  true game changer.
accelerometer drift is a big problem. accelerometers only measure acceleration, not position. you have to infer (i.e. guess) the position using a known starting position. but every movement means that guess gets less and less accurate, until where the estimated head position is and where the a actual head position is are completely different. if you can regularly re-set the drift by sampling a known absolute head position, then you can use accelerometers to measure rapid movements. this is what some mtbs forumers are working on (the technique is known as sensor fusion, and is notoriously tricky), but it would require a camera setup to measure and resolve a marker attached to you head, andnstayingnin the cameras field of view would constrain your motion. absolute position sensing without line-of-sight issues, such as magnetic tracking (e.g. razer hydra) do not have this drift issue, but do have other issues such as cost, and interference with and nearby metallic objects. as i understand, the accelerometers are mainly being used at the moment to compensate for the gyros being offset from the centre of rotation of the head.
do you guys know if its possible to make a movie compatible for this? it sound crazy but a ball with camera all around it.
remember, a lot of this money has to pay for the dev kits so they don't really have $1.1 mil to spend on r&d, etc .
@michael dougherty, regarding @tim shaffer: i think what tim meant (and what i'm also wondering about anyway) is: now that the project has been founded and money is flowing, what's next ? a good chunk of ks projects propose various goals, with various bonuses/features. the big question is: how will oculus manage this ? - continue cashing in and keep it that way or - propose new stuff or evolutions, to get even more people in, and thank backers as a whole . the way i understand it, the second answer is what tim meant: "with so much cash, will you start working on better resolution ?". of course that may thwart the estimated delivery date...
i don't think that horizontal drift is that large of a problem, the brain can't do the tracking that accurate anyways — the human brain also has some drift there. we recalibrate using the surroundings, which isn't an issue when you fully control them.
lary freeman:  yes palmer freeman luckey's grandfather. and now you know palmer's middle name and where it came from.he grew up in a wonderful family with three beautiful sisters.  palmer did the regular kid things growing up like swim team and lots and lots of sailing. but, he always was captivated by anything electronic. hand me down computers, cell phones and anything electrical went off to palmer in long beach. i had the first "brick" cell phone by radio shack and it really was the size of a brick. it took a long time to get palmer to believe that we grew up without cell phones. being an airline pilot i could understand his interest in night vision goggles and their application but never having played a computer game after pac man i just did not see that anyone would want to wear goggles to play a game. grandpa was wrong this time. congratulations to the team on passing $1 million. i pledged too (for a signed t-shirt and poster). good luck.  grandpa
@edzieba: translational tracking would be useful just for small head motions to enhance depth cuing due to parallax. thanks for bringing up some practical limitations... i'll be curious to see how usable translation is in practice.
there are backers from russia here? how you backed this project? or who invested money in the project by visa virtual? what bank?
yeah, and since when did 6dof come to mean only 3d rotation!? *boggle*
@andrew: i'm not sure how much faster the sensors are, but in the interview i saw of carmack at e3 (http://youtu.be/nya8kirsufg), he was explaining how there was latency introduced at many points. he seemed a bit incredulous that no one had dug into this and fixed it before. we're all to blame -- for assuming people doing this professionally were doing the best they could with what they had. ;)
@andrew the hillcrest tracker itself has 6 dof: 3 rotation and 3 translation, and all are relative positioning. however, while the 3 rotational dof are very low-drift (and can be periodically reset by using the accelerometers to determine 'down'), and thus close enough to 'absolute' to be used, the 3 translational dof have have too much drift to be used for head tracking. thus, the tracker has 6 dof, but only 3 dof are likely to be used.
i just posted a blog post about this, i'm so excited about the oculus rift <3 http://codeflow.org/entries/2012/aug/03/oculus-rift/
maybe someone from the project can confirm things but a simple google search indicates 6-dof covers 3-axis of movement and 3-axis of rotation. i recall some discussions at mtbs3d forums about the potential for even tracking movement over a larger x/y area but drift is an issue so likely not possible with just the head tracker.
@hesham: hmm - i must be getting old; back in my day, we called that "3 degrees of freedom", not 6 (at least now i understand where this whole "12 dof" thing has come from, when you factor in translation)...
@tony: i see your points, esp: re latency. how do you think the head tracker on this would compare to an ascension fob circa late 1990s (rs232/422 running at top speed)? i own a dual sensor fob kit (found on ebay); my own limited testing seemed to indicate lag with the hardware probably wouldn't be an issue (intermediate steps to translate the data stream to the software might introduce some lag, though). i do think this hmd will likely be better than the visette 2/pro - in resolution (definitely), and possibly fov too (?). one thing i want to press on palmer (i hope he and/or his cronies are reading here!): make the consumer (or at least later developer editions) "flip up" - it's the one thing that i always thought the forte vfx-1 got right, from a world builder standpoint (not that i did much of that!). being able to flip the screen up out of the way, code/design, then flip back down and into the world - was a very smart decision. i also thought the overall design of that hmd was very well done for the period (i loved the headphones - koss, iirc?).
@tim shaffer:  from the faq why is the resolution of the rift developer kit so low (720p)? while it’s true that the developer kit uses a relatively low-resolution screen (1280x800), we promise it delivers a compelling, immersive 3d experience. and to be clear, we plan on improving the resolution of the screen for the consumer version. stay tuned for more details!
any chance yall might create a new goal / upgrade goal for 1080p?
@tony tavener, there will not be translation, purely rotation, the six degrees are the yaw, pitch and roll.
i think some don't realize that head-tracking is part of the package. where it says "head tracking: 6 degrees of freedom (dof) ultra low latency", this means 3d translation + rotation. so, yes, peeking around corners, and parallax effect (minor head translations) can help naturally improve depth perception. the rift gives you enough to position your eyes in a virtual space and provide the display for each eye. then add stereo earphones (not included, as far as i've seen -- this is good, as you can use what you like), positioning sounds relative to where ears would be in this virtual space... and you've got one heckuva virtual presense, albeit a bit n64-ish in visual clarity for now. ;)
i am incredibly exited for this whole vr thing and i can't wait till it hits the market.
will the sdk be made available before the dev-kits are ready for shipping? would be really nice if that was possible, since it allows us to get a head-start in reading the material, and start preparing for integrating into existing projects.
daniel roberts: so it does support translation along with rotation?
john, what i'm thinking is combining this technology with something like kinect or the new leap -motion control system. i actually had a dream like that recently. it was awesome.
john chipps-harding: the technical info below lists head tracking, 6 degrees of freedom
how accommodating is the design for those of us with facial features outside of the norm?  i have a typical middle-eastern nose, with a rather high bridge.  unfortunately, it's prominent enough that i have difficulty with on-size-fits-all eye-wear - wearing 3d glasses at movie theaters, for example.  i saw the faq mention that glasses were discouraged - should i assume folks like me are out of luck, too?
further to my previous comment... this technique could also be used for peeking round corners, ducking and even physically jumping!
i just thought of an addition that may further increase immersion (quite a bit i believe). add swaying support with the aid of a simple accelerometer. e.g. if you were in a first person game, and you swayed your body left and right etc… the view would sway marginally. people do this subconsciously to aid themselves judging distance of objects in the world. thoughts?
sturla the virtual io iglasses wern't even that big they only had a fov of 30 degrees diagonally (the 800x600 version released later went down to 26) so that will give you an idea of how big and immersive the image in the rift will be.
john there's no need to worry about the number of units that have to be made or delivery dates being put back months etc. quote from palmer "remember when i delayed the kickstarter because things were going to get big? getting ready for this properly was the reason why. we can scale into the tens of thousands of units no problem now, and everything will be assembled as part of the factory production process."
looking forward to the renaissance of flight sims! the rift could finally make them cool again. maybe someone could do what tim schafer did for adventure games, and start a flight sim kickstarter ;) i played ef2000 back in 1995 with the virtual io hmd. the game even supported it nativly and allowed you to look around in the cockpit. the resolution was crappy, the fov was probably 40 degrees and the motion tracking was seriously buggy, but it was kind of cool even back then.
close to 3000 kits "sold" at the moment. are there any plans for how all those kits are going to be made? my understanding was that up til now, each unit has been hand made by the developers. but as i see it, that's not realistic any longer with this many units to deliver.
palmer i wish you truckload of good luck with oculus rift :-) i am huge fan, probably as any other geek out there, and i read all threads on mtbs3d.com mentioning oculus. i realy just wanted to say thank you for doing this, i can't wait to buy customer version of oculus. it really gives me hope to see such a great project coming to life. cheers j.b.
oh yeah, the super-low cost to dabble is certainly a factor too!
@andrew ayers: as someone posted earlier: latency, field-of-view, and resolution. this has the first two, and resolution will come later. latency is a big issue. i know when i'd check on the state of the industry, and lag was still horrible, i ignored hmds or "vr" again for a while. and as you said, the focus seemed to be on resolution with other vendors over the years. also, oculus hasn't arrived yet. ;) we'll see if it sparks a fire that's sustained. we're still going to have problems with continuous use (nausea, headaches). i don't imagine that goes away until we have cues all in sync to emulate reality. focal depth for one, and i don't know how that might be accomplished. anyway, i've also been a long time follower (since the journal: "presence") and the following rage in the mid-90s. i think the stigma of vr not meeting expectations has lingered since then. to me, a large part of that has been laggy feedback loop -- which is a complete deal-breaker. hopefully this gives "vr" a leg to stand on and get traction again. :)
here's a story about this project: http://qporit.blogspot.com/2012/08/1m-in-2-days-oculus-rift-immersive-3d.html
got the poster. i am not a programmer so i currently have no use for a dev kit. however, i am impressed with the idea behind this. i like that developers are outright expressing their confidence in this and that your goal of this kickstarter is to get the unit into the hands of developers first. in my opinion this is the best way to go about this and hopefully will mean a flawless launch of the consumer kickstarter and delivery later on! please keep everyone updated!
@alex camacho: i'm not a developer either, but i'm going into this planning to ride the coattails of all of the fine people who do know how to make software work on the rift. i'm prepared to slog through forums trying out the different drivers and such that people come up with to make games compatible with the rift. i don't expect it to be easy, or plug and play, but i do have faith that the community will step up and make this an awesome piece of gaming tech. so really, it's up to the individual to decide if it's worth the effort of figuring it all out!
i'm really excited to be a part of this effort. i've been playing off and on (more off than on - heh) with homebrew vr since the early 1990's; i have often wondered what has kept it from becoming mainstream. even today, i still tend to wonder "why now? why oculus?". is it the technology, the price, or some combination of the two? why is this hmd gotten the attention, where none of the others before have? was it just because so many companies were focused on having the "best resolution" - and not on "best immersive experience"? i do tend to wonder why it has taken so long, but i am glad it seems to be happening all the same. i also hope that tux isn't forgotten should this product go commercial (it seems like linux gets left out in the cold often when it comes to 3d gaming). personally, i want to try my hand at combining the sdk with python and pyopengl for some interesting experiences. go palmer!
is it worth getting a developers kit if you are in now way a developer? or would it just end up as a $300 pair of goggles i don't know how to use?
my dream game for oculus rift is iracing! please get the dev kit to these guys asap. 3d racing = happiness
will the focus / projection warp settings be exposed in the sdk and adjustable at runtime? i'm assuming that its possible for players to calibrate these settings in engine and novel uses of depth of field come to mind. also interested in the potential eye -tracking might bring to this project. kudos again to you all -- really enjoying the sense of wonder and excitement that this project brings.
the display is focused to be just under infinity.  so it will be like you are looking at a distant mountain range.  coincidentally, this cause nearsighted people to see the display blurrier than far sighted people (making resolution less of an issue).  it's likely that adjustable focus will be modded in.
does a product like this cause eye-strain from being so close to the display? does it use optics of some kind to make the display look further away? i'm reallly excited about this. thanks!
i just thought of something. won't the rift make the slenderman game much more scary?
http://www.youtube.com/watch… 8 )
a mill… congratulations oculus!
congratulations on reaching one million! :d
one miiilllioonnn dollars....muhaha....muahaha...muahahahahah!! muahaha..mhuau...haha...ahoooo....
1 million!
this is so exciting! i could not finish to watch the video, i had to back this project!!!
@rodrigo ibarra ouya is an arm cpu with a tegra 3, not an intel i7 with a desktop gpu.  skyrim isn't happening on ouya.  ;)
ouya + leap motion + oculus + skyrim = welcome to the matrix, neo
ahem...  you do know you die in real life if you die in the game while wearing this thing, right?  that's what vr does, right?
im actually not a developer but i am part of an it support area at work and a massive geek for new technology so this is right up my alley.  really for me this is just a chance to get a glimpse into the future and show it to those around me who might also be interested.  couldnt be happier to be a part of this kickstarter, its not often john carmack gets excited about anything so i can see this being huge.
sooooo awesome : d not a developer but still backing this to get my hands on the rift asap, really hope i won't need any programming skills to get doom 3 with rift working, otherwise i'm kind of screwed =(
@andreas monitzer: i think it would need a physical optic defuser. its the physical pixels than need to be smoothed, not the aliasing.
1080p 120hz ... woud be nice
@neotechni  ouya is built on android, and oculus is going to be android compatible. i'd say there's already a pretty good chance in seeing a decent amount of oculus content on ouya.
not a dev but you have me hooked.  take all my monies. all i can think about is skyrim with one of these puppies.
@brad newman: a diffuser, the hardware implementation of aa ;)
please get ouya to support it!
to the people concerned about resolution, the most important factors in creating immersion are:  1. wide field of view 2. low latency head tracking 3. resolution rift has 1 and 2, and 3 will come eventually. i've used an early prototype that used leep optics and a display with the same resolution, and i can tell you that it really does suck you into the virtual world. also, if they place a diffuser in front of the display (which i'm pretty sure they will) the pixels will become less apparent.
@eric p imagine wolfenstein 3d or quake 1 with this thing!! no wait...thats way to scary! lets not go nuts :( on the serious note, i like the idea, would be awesome to bring some of the golden oldies back  in the lime-light :)
@kerrash: that's the spirit! speaking of profit... i have got to think that this kickstarter is getting the attention of the major developers who should be thinking to themselves, "hey, i bet we can sell a lot of our old first-person games if we just spend a small amount of man-hours making those games compatible. it's almost free money!" or, the mod community can just do it for them! i'm not a developer, just a tech enthusiast, but i like the idea that i'm part of a kickstarter that should really get the gaming world's attention. plus, i'm perfectly fine with purchasing the updated consumer version down the road, and i'll put this developer version on a shelf like the piece of gaming history that i'm sure it will become.
1. backed for dev kit 2. building prototype game to play as soon as i get it 3. ???? 4. profit!
it's over 9(hundred) thousand!!!  *crushes scouter*
great, now i'm a part of this possible break trough! :) greetings from germany to the visionary team and all pledgers!
@peter chillemi: the field of view isn't hardcoded to 90°, it depends on your camera view frustum (which has to be adjusted for this device).
i'd assume from the lenses and the correction algorithm going on that the edges aren't going to be as sharp as some of you'd like, there's probably a sweet spot in the center and most of the looking around will be done with head tracking, you'll probably be able to look around to a degree but the main focused area will be in the center while the stretched outer areas will help with the degree of immersion. of course this is all speculation but i hope the final product delivers both in immersion and affordability. from the main page: "and we’re confident we can make the consumer version even more impressive, all without increasing price or sacrificing an ounce of quality."
for all those worried about keeping up with demand, palmer posted a while back that he would be fine producing up to the tens of thousands, so i don't think what he will have too much trouble with what there is now.
i know its naive dreaming but hey one can hope (1) if you guys can get valve to run an advertisement of this project on steam,  youill just be raking in the money (2) also i gotta agree with previous comments, if you can get the leap motion team to integrate some of their tech into the rift then it would really take the device to another level
im just hoping he doesn't face a "success disaster", in that i hope that $300 wasn't based on the assumption that he'd self-esploit for labor.  at over 2,000 ordered so far, he's going to have to get this thing mass made.
i hope palmer is up to the demand of so many interested parties! this seems to have gotten a lot more attention than he expected, and thought i think its great that his ideas are taking hold, i hope he can deliver on the quantity!
ouya is an android device (in point of fact, its a google tv, go read about gtv id you don't believe me.) unity supports android. there you go.
1 - get oculus w/ extra long cord, get kinnect 2 - map controls for skyrim 3 - ??? 4 - fus ro dah
if you ca get in talks with the leap motion sensor team. that combined with this will take your technology to an even higher lever. good luck
here's what was said in the faq: "why is the resolution of the rift developer kit so low (720p)? while it’s true that the developer kit uses a relatively low-resolution screen (1280x800), we promise it delivers a compelling, immersive 3d experience. and to be clear, we plan on improving the resolution of the screen for the consumer version. stay tuned for more details!" i'm no developer but i really hope they can crank the resolution up to 1080p and yes i know it wouldn't make a huge difference but a difference is a difference. i'd be willing to pay 800$ easy for that. i hope a lot of developers will make their games compatible with this...i would love to see games like skyrim integrated or ac iii or whatever. animus 3.0 here i come.
@ carmack, btw i prefer the head movement not to effect the crosshair. mouse movement = body position/movement and head movement = head movement :p i can't wait to see the image conversion calculations... should be straight forward to get the video editing and composting software filters going.
if it turns out that i end up needing one more prototype in the future before consumer release, is it possible to still request one?
i can only imagine the horror games with this...
@ravi personally i think a price like that could hinder this project, i'm assuming that since the dev kits are only clocking in @ $300 that oculus is trying to produce something more mainstream and affordable and that the final version will be even cheaper to produce.
i gave you $25 for the project ! i am very happy to see this, this will be the new generation of gadget for videogames ! i always wanted something like this, for exaple, to play arma 2 without trackir or fsx the same... i am very proud a gamer is taking this proyect to be made :d congratulations !!!!
i absolutely cannot wait for the consumer version, heres hoping it will have 1080p support and the price is like $500-$700
didn't  hesitate to back this project. with this, we will be one step closer to bringing .hack//the_world and sword art online to reality. ^_^
i'd like to see the faq mention the transmission bandwidth requirement. this way we get to speculate how long before the wireless version becomes a reality.
@stephen jones as a fellow amiga fan i started porting my amiga inspired game to sbs 3d.  it wasn't very difficult using the unity engine.  i was able to play my game on my 3d display with little effort. if you ever played "megaball" for the amiga, i think you will like this game.  it even has one of the songs embedded in the level music. its for ios / android.  coming for desktops eventually - http://www.pushypixels.com/home/proton_pulse.html
shut up and take my money :-) - i have the sony glasstrons and the z800 visor, i hope these live up to my expectations - the afore mentioned headsets are in a drawer somewhere gathering dust (drawer must be slightly open). i am like a kid in a candy store, i can't wait :-)
http://www.tastywhale.com/2012/08/02/oculus-rift-is-getting-3d-dev-kits-to-mainstream-and-indie-game-devs/ a write-up i did for my website.  please feel free to share!!
love this!
i've been waiting a long time for a wide viewing angle head mounted unit, i think the only thing that may hold a commercial product back is that is it not integrating with the real world (augementing or just viewable), ie there are no front mounted cameras (prefeably stereo) so that you can interact with keyboards etc. but my $300 dollars was pledged within about 5 seconds of finishing reading the project details :)
@john chipps-harding you are righ!. imagine watching batman or whatever in full 360 stereoscopic.
as an amiga fan and still an amiga next gen computer user i thought i would add this link as a memory jogger of where this started. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virtuality_(gaming) looking forward to getting mine and running on aros.
so, is gabe newell channeling jerry garcia or what? on a serious note, i've pledge the $335 level.   i've been following this tech for decades and worked on it in early simulator work. i can't wait to get hold of the developer's kit and start programming up some demos.
i'm in for one! if any developers out there need a tester, get in touch!!
@qporit  i can see rift working nicely with microsoft photosynth for viewing still panoramic images in a fps manner.
ibm, ms, and others have developed methods of stitching photos together (not in real time) to allow non-stereoscopic virtual travel through the 3 d real world. extended to stitching stereoscopic pictures together and adapted to the rift, this becomes a very interesting technology with all-sorts of possibilities. note that among the (most obvious) possibilities for real-time camera-to-rift / rift-to-camera interaction*  (eventually, if not at launch**)  is drone piloting. not just attack drones, but also surveillance drones, including the mini sized flying drones under development in various labs.  has darpa invested in oculus yet? * feedback that allows control of the camera position **pun intended.
you'll be visiting/demo-ing quakecon, siggraph, gamescom and unite in aug. quakecon is in tx. siggraph in la, gamescom in cologne germany and unite in amsterdam. any chance you'll be visiting ny sometime soon?
the oculus has popped my ks cherry. i've been wanting this since i was 8 years old! really looking forward to playing around with the dev kit in december. thanks for getting the ball rolling on this palmer!
dear palmer & team ., please do not waste resources or time with ouya integration or other follies. as a developer and backer i'd love to see you guys really try to push the technology as much as you can on pc / linux / osx and remain focused on creating an optimal immersive experience. that said ., am kind of bummed to have missed out on one of the earlier prototype packs. am hoping that the full sdk and documentation will be available to developers in november as well so we can get to grips with implementation. anyway ., nice effort to all involved and it's nice to see things firm -up after following you guys on the forums for a few months now. -- chuan / ln _tao
@adam nybäck, great idea! if that cow;d be made to work it could have potential industrial and research uses too.
@sturla, you really want to just be able to capture full 360 degree video thus allowing the user to still look around. the main issue would be keeping the stereoscopic 3d with that setup.
i know it was mentioned 6hours ago, but i'll do it again..... any thoughts on getting some sort of partnering with ouya for next spring when they release?  ouya is all about using the tv again for gaming, make sense - get your marketing to talk to their marketing... they have the budget, oh and look, so do you now  :-) am looking forward to receiving my device later in the year, i have quite a few ideas that i want to try out...
@adam nybäck, that sounds like an awesome telepresence idea! i guess the greatest challenge would be retaining the ultra low latency between headset and remote cameras.
i am not a developer myself, but i can see this thing being extremely useful in not only new games that are built with support, but also the many flight sims already in the market. with full 6dof and dvi/hdmi support, i am curious as to how hard it would be to make the device work similar to trackir for full head tracking. i assume the 6dof input would come up similar to a game controller so possibly some of the axis can be assigned to camera movement. i have pledged the $300 kit to get my hands on one of these early and will be tinkering and working my best to see how this may turn out. if it is as awesomely possible as i imagine it, flight sims and racing sims will have a greater support/usefulness with this over most fps and other genres.
@kyle tidd: haha... omni-directional treadmill. yes, that's been nagging at my brain. the ideas have become to wild though -- giant sphere in water with the same inertia as the users body. well, maybe someone will come up with a great way to permit running around in a small room.
all i can think of that i'd really need from the sdk is a way to read sane tracking values. hopefully there will be a simple c library, so it can be easily interfaced with other languages?
thanks fo the faq, one suggestion to add to it?  power requirements as relebent to potential mobile use.
great concept! i hope i can own the final product some day! looking great so far!
will i be able to connect this somehow to two cameras to see the real world remotely instead of seeing a virtual world?
we need video editing filters for a.e., vegas, nuke and the like to translate images to this format.
i'd love to see a set up where you would have the oculus rift, an omni-directional treadmill, some high quality motion capture sensors similar to what was used on the ultimate battlefield 3 set up from the gadget show (check out youtube for that) and a few other technological bits and pieces to complete the total immersive gaming experience.
this is a crazy tangent but some android phones' hdmi out only works if it is displaying to a tv and not a monitor. do you think that the android dev libraries could take that into account?
@matthew dowell  kinect has way too much lag to be useful
someone should manufacture a nikon/canon lens with the optical distortion (3d + fisheye) matching the oculus. that way way you could do really immersive slr video. or you could write some software that matched current fisheye lenses out there to the oculus specs.
would be great if this can be used to view stereoscopic photos in mpo format.
i'm quite happy to see this coming for pc first. pc gaming needs some love... . regarding the backers getting the prototype, will it stop there, or will they get some sort of rebate/bonus/whatever when the consumer version comes to life ? or maybe there are plans to have a ks for the consumer version as well ?
well i upped my pledge to the 5k one, i guess i'll see you guys at oculus then xd
i find the following equation very interesting. oculus rift + xbox kinect = ??
darn it, first the ouya and now this. you people just don't want me to have money! :p this is something i pursued myself a few years ago. i tried to rig a "myvu" hmd with a brain-computer interface. the myvu wasn't that great, though, and that company seems to have abruptly vanished off the face of the earth shortly before mine broke with no provocation. (it wasn't even stereoscopic! talk about wasted potential...) if you can truly pull this off, in hd and with competent motion tracking, you deserve far more than my $300. until we reach the point of perfecting brain-computer interfaces to the point of a true matrix-esque neural link, this is the best possible thing. also, you might want to take the /one/ thing the myvu did right and apply it here, hopefully even before the dev units ship. since you couldn't wear glasses with that thing, they sold their own proprietary mini-glasses attachments, where you could either purchase a certain magnification or get a set of 'blank' lenses that your eye-care professional can craft into your own specific requirements. this clipped onto the system, which requires far, far less space between the device and the eyes than a full-on pair of glasses would have, and allowed it to be replaced or cleaned as needed. as a nearsighted person who wants the best possible experience out of this, what say you?
upped my pledge to get a dev kit. can't wait to tinker!
anyone knows if this thing can be used with usual sight-correction glasses? or i won't need those because displays will be very close to the eyes?
bruno as the faq says: the render from the kickstarter video is the latest concept for the developer kit that we're toying with. at this time, we can't say for sure what the final developer kit will look like (we're still experimenting with form and weighting to ensure maximum comfort) but we're confident everyone will be pleased with the result. stay tuned for more details! everyone will just have to wait and see in the coming weeks what the final product will be and if it doesn't meet what you thought you'd be getting you'll be able to change your pledge. as far as the screen goes all information is that it is currently 60hz and it is likely to stay at that (for the devr kit atleast). john carmack said in one of his videos he actually made a 120hz screen because there were none and a company only just made 120hz driver boards available but they cost $6000 so baring some miracle since he made that and now i doubt they would of dropped in price enough to be affordable for the rift dev kit.
i went in for a t-shirt. can anyone tell me if you're able to see any light when wearing this thing? i would hope the unit can be adjusted to the point where you cannot see anything but the screen. this is important for immersion imo. i understand having something resting directly against your face for extended periods of time may be uncomfortable, but outside light..or worse, movement, would completely ruin the immerse effect that the oculus is attempting to achieve. ventilation may also be an issue in that circumstance, but again, hopefully that issue could be worked out in development.
so, will the devkit ship a finished product or will it be a crappy silver tapped prototype just like the one carmack has?!
atley: haha, i don't know if porn should ever be that realistic ;-)
peter chillemi: thanks for the info, i should probably read up on all that instead of assuming things. sorry. i hope that those issues can be overcome and more games can be supported, i hope carmack will make this work with the id tech 5 (rage) engine.
i see this being big in the adult industry also. hey i'm just saying.
80's dreamed future is finally here in it's full glory!
john carmack says awesomely cool, i throw money (with low latency)
@thomas adding support to existing games in drivers would be pretty tough because of a few reasons. modern games perform a lot of full screen effects on a 2d buffer or perform effects which don't take depth into account making it hard to just move the camera and re-render. nvidia's 3d vision does a few tricks to compensate but not every game works, and the ones that do are typically built to support it. furthermore, increasing the fov can lead to a lot of graphical bugs as internally game engines clip geometry outside the 90 degree fov. it really needs a customizable fov in the engine to render the geometry as expected.
@qporit most likely not out of the box - the video needs to be pre-warped to correct for the optical distortion.  so you will need a special, custom video player for it to get the full effect. maybe in the future the hardware could do it itself, but not this first version.
@thomas you don't need 120hz, it is essentially side-by-side stereo. 60hz is plenty enough. 120hz is useful for shutter glasses where you divide the frame rate by 2 because of the shuttering.
a friend of mine suggeted that he'd like to try amnesia with these. that is a very, very disturbed fellow right there.
nathaniel: since it's mostly about fov, i should work with any game engine and even be able to be integrated into video-card drivers. where is nvidia and amd support?! oh, right, there's no money in it for them.
as a student dev, i'm hoping that it's simple enough to integrate into unity. can't wait for december!
i'm looking forward to see street view integration :-)
qporit: since it states in the new faq that it support sterescopic view i'd guess the framerate or hz rate have to be at least 120hz.
you guys should really think about partnering with ouya. that would be awesome!
love it, can't wait to see it, take your time, make it awesome!
i threw down $500 for this :d
damn, so mutch backers ... i guess we'll get the rift late as they'll need to produce a lot more devkit than they could anticipate ;)
i played fallout 3 on, i think they were myvu glasses, 3 or more years ago, and i was extremely let down. i didn't know much when i got them, but after thinking about what i wanted out of this kind of product for a bit, i realized fov was hugely important. after that, every time i heard about a new hmd i looked for the fov. i always had to dig and when i found it, it was alwas like, "*cough*40 degrees*cough*" can't wait for december.
what sort of display panel technology used ? : )
keith: have you missed the awesome leap motion?
the only thing that could be better than this would be a superior motion controller to pair up with this monstrous technology.  i can't wait to see this progress!
what is the frame rate? does the software that comes native include support for playing existing "normal" stereoscopic video -- ie 3d videos, say from youtube or blu-ray or side-by-side video from a computer file? or is that a dev task? (i'm guessing at a minimum sbs video needs to be pre-warped, pre-degraded to the resolution, and sent at an appropriate frame rate. ) at the current frame rate and resolution, have you looked at live action video? would live action video need to be shot specifically for the immersive effect? would it need to be shot with special framing, or even special lenses? what is the estimated time frame over which screen resolution will be doubling? -- months? years? are you working on the eyeglass issue?  (if snorkeling goggles can be corrective, i'd guess you might be able to do something as well.) by the way -- your kickstarter video is terrific!
@jeffrey kesselman, you do realize that the oculus rift project creators have backed ouya here on kickstarter, right? i guess they don't think it's a slick-marketed empty proposal. in any case, while i'm not a developer, i'm happy to throw a little bit of money at this project, as i would very much like to see it succeed and get a chance to test out one of these bad boys in the near future. best of luck to the guys 'n' gals at oculus.
i'm hoping that valve will integrate steam when this launches. most of my games are in steam. a little icon next to the game that says "oculus rift support" would be awesome! (similar to the controller support badge there now).
i'm hoping that valve will integrate steam when this launches. most of my games are in steam. a little icon next to the game that says "oculus rift support" would be awesome! (similar to the controller support badge there now).
it is nice to see this getting so over-funded.  im really sick of seeing slick-marketed empty proposals get obscene amounts of barnum-money.  *cough* ouya *cough* this is clearly something real with great peopel behind it.
take my money!
i rarely see projects that are worth pledging too but you've sold me on this.  it looks amazing so far!
what are the chances of getting a higher resolution display if the funding amount keeps getting higher?
i'm sold! :) while i'm a tad skeptical of the units shipping in dec, it's certainly worth the meager investment. this is what kickstarter is all about. good luck guys!
oculus rift head-mounted display finds funding from developers @ http://arstechnica.com/gaming/2012/08/oculus-rift-head-mounted-display-finds-funding-from-developers/
boris: you can use whatever you like to draw the images. the rift doesn't care as long as you send it two pre-warped images per frame.
so, question. will one able to use opengl for development? is linux supported?
best of luck hope my pledge helps
i have been waiting for something like this for a long time.  the promise of reproducing the way we perceive reality is the kind of thing that got me into game programming in the first place.  i can't wait to start experimenting. the idea of connecting this to a mobile platform is a very interesting twist as well.  assuming the power requirements are reasonable, something like an iphone could potentially deliver a pretty amazing experience.
i'm wondering if they anticipated this level of response.  while the rate will slow down, there's going to be a lot of dev kits backed by the end of the month
like a lot of you i've been waiting years for a decent hmd, and months for this particular one. if jc says it rocks, thats good enough for me to throw down $300!
can someone make a game based off the sword art online series now that would be sweet
i think a duct tape version would make an interesting donation level.  you could make it more expensive, since it's more time-consuming to put together and (hopefully) there will be some level of mass-production for the regular dev kit version.
they will never be able to make them for december....
@neotechni forget ps3 the time it will take for this to come out, then games to support it , then for all to come to market you are better off betting on ps4 xd
please get sony to add support for it in their 3d games on ps3, that'd boost support for it significantly.
i hope the oculus developer center has a developer focused forum.
this is the first ks project i pledge to but man is this worth it. with some of the biggest names in the gaming industry giving it praises and the fact that this is pretty much a dream come true (as a gamer and as a developer), i knew there was no other option than to pledge for this. way to go oculus! make us proud!
@joseph you see that wall of text i did there? that is just to explain the concept... if i really did tell you all the ideas that could be implemented with the rift plus some of the self hardware and a bit of programming i would need 1000 times that number of words hahaah
@ryouki i'm already thinking of working on some ideas i have with ar around this thing, it's exciting to see that others are already dreaming up the possibilities beyond current gen gaming.
@dave elliot - i like ur gopro idea haa haa!
i'm sorry to further harden you work time hehe pursuing the vr battle arena idea and the os overlay i previously suggested, you could make it so a head mounted camera and some dedicated app and processing power enable us to get ar instead of vr. something i previously forgot to mention is i'm planning to use the rift with leapmotion/kinect. it's not just a simple immersion 3d vr image, i can not only see but interact with the vr at will! projectglass is neat but is something really far off, this is here really soon... with some diy you could get this mobile even but without going to far and talking about complicate elaborate stuff simple interactions would enable some very amazing possibilities for gaming and social apps.  skype would rock, i could play chess or cards with someone across the world, did i mention that cards for games like magicthegathering or whatever could come to life (eyeofjudgement does this), board games with no actual boards or pieces for games like monopoly or risk. on doom i could really do the gestures of crowbaring an enemy, oh wait, that is in another game hahaha  don't take me wrong but i'm sure a lot of internet writers could make a pron joke because of the 3d ar, i won't go that far but note that it would make the rift sell a lot haha  also applies for medical help where no medics are able to reach by whatever reason. i'm losing myself, the point is you can just lay the grounds for a 2nd generation of 3rd party company's and individuals explore the endless possibilities of what you are accomplishing, that with very little work considering..
hi,  i love your project and it's something i always dreamed of.. of course why else would i be here, didn't we all?! haha. to the point:  people with glasses. jonh carmack himself has them.  it will create problems to use the rift with them. there are 2 ways to solve it:  - hardware, by making a design close to ski goggles you can polish it to be acceptable.  i do imagine it will be hard and costly. - software.  what if you could calibrate your diopter for each eye, aka on each screen, and correct the frames so people with glasses don't need to use them with the rift. it does take some work to implement but it is not very demanding of the gpu and would be a huge step for those with visual problems. i am writing this thinking you haven't solved this yet and because i can't afford a kit, due to customs mostly, so i won't be able to contribute as other backers. so i must wait for a consumer version to be sold in eu (and i hope to gather the money needed) to finally enjoy this and by then a lot of consumers will face the issue just like in the 3d market. another strong point if you code this is that you could replace the hardware doctors use to test vision (even making a specific version of the rift for it) and probably help solve visual disability to some degree or way. also as a suggestion i would sell the consumer product with a final app the acts as an os overlay. you have the perfect multi screen setup, you just need to exploit it. imagine a 3d environment where you have 2 desktops (one for each eye) and you can drag other desktops switching them with the current one much like the app drawer in android or ios.  having 2 screens for gaming while watching a walktrough or stream, getting work done at 4k resolution, having several "fullscreen" apps or docs open at the same time while switching through them are just a few examples of much value you can add to this magnificent work you are doing..
also... are they going to shut this down or are they going to deliver 20,000 units by christmas? lol
i think a video translation layer driver should be first up in order to get current games onto the rift. nvidia is usually slow in this regard as seen by iz3d making great s3d drivers way before nvidia made them on non-quadro cards. every here would pay $30 for that driver :d (the rift 2fisheye inverter driver) ;)
another question:  what are cabling and power requirements going to be?  could someoen use this untethered wiuth a mobile device, assuming the correct video inteface existed? btw, the fish eye solution is simple and brilliant. when i read about it, it was one of those head-slapping moments :)
just amazing, blowing the bank on my first backing.  i've made something like this a little while back, using my cell phone, computer and splashtop software.  i got minecraft up and running and it was beautiful then a headache set in immediately from the closeness of the phone screen  and i forced myself to stop.
@mark rizzi - thanks mark. we are trying to make an exciting product and i am happy to help palmer out.
i think i'm excited to work on this project. it's finally hrre.
@justin moravetz: john answered this in an interview at e3 - http://youtu.be/gvdxxfbz3qe…
please reach out to gearbox and see if you can get them involved.  i would love to play aliens: colonial marines on this.
i just couldn't resist backing this. first ks i backed ever. but this is my childhood dream. i've seen and tried some of the crappy old vr helmets, clunky, with a tiny fov. oculus sounds properly awesome :)
@marvin gouw: no, the resolution is 640x800. ppi/dpi is not relevant for hmds, only the arc minutes of a pixel. to make it even more complicated, the optics on this device cause this to vary over the area (with smaller pixels at the center, since that's where the eye has a higher resolution as well).
two questions, resolution is 800x600, but what's the dpi? is this question even relevant or should we think about it in terms of one eye seeing 110 degrees on a 800x600 screen? second question, how much does it weigh and what are some of its weight goals?
a tip for anyone who will be using a rift in the next six months: since the resolution is on the low side, use nvidia inspector and enable 4x4 supersampling.  it is the most stressful version of anti aliasing available.  it basically renders the image to 16x the resolution then downsamples it back again.  it will remove all aliasing at 800x600.
@john carmack how was the focus consistency?  my problem with the hmz-t1 is that the edges of the screen will appear blurry if the center is focus perfectly.
easily among to most genuinely attractive and  interesting technology/electronics projects to have come up in ks. backed it happily. best wishes during development.
@andreas monitzer: yeah, i've been following that too. but again, what john is using in d3bfg is not quite what we're discussing here. since it is going to have to be application specific, it is going to be down to each developer to figure a way around it. hence john's approach (which i have yet to see, so i can't comment on) to the problem. @lionel anton: i was wondering when someone was going to bring up the asus ew2000 transmitter because that is the sort of bespoke near-field transmitter i eluded to in an earlier post though i still don't think wireless hdmi is going to be quite adequate. as to the asus product, it's bulky and video quality (due to compression) is absolute crap and if used for games designed for this device, will result in utter crap visual quality.
the rift has reached into the child-like portion of my developer brain and applied a bajillion volts to it - after seeing this i quite literally could-not-sleep-at-all.  hopefully now i've backed this (first thing i've ever backed, so grats oculus on taking my ks virginity)  i'll be able to find atleast a little peace.
great work! one small thing, is there a spelling error on the t-shirt? looks like "oclulus".
i own an asus wicast ew2000 wireless hdmi transmitter and it has a latency < 1ms. palmer owns the wicast too and he used it to make a wireless prototype of the rift (check the pr3 topic on mtbs3d forums) :)
oculus + doom 3 = heart attack
@derek smart: i'm currently reading through the super-long but super-informativ thread someone posted here earlier (thank you!) on mtbs3d.com. it seems like doom 3 bfg already uses an anti-distortion shader, and there's hope john carmack will release that to the public. it's also pretty funny in hindsight when he's writing about having to do things differently in case he gets more than 500-600 orders :)
also, if it's comfortable enough, who needs a remee?
will it be possible to use this to watch hsbs 3d movies using this vr unit?
he said before that it will most likely be upgradable (if you have the modding skills), but because the screen is by far the most expensive piece he said it may be better to just buy the consumer one than to spend the time upgrading.
@jonathan doda why have one when you can have two!
@honathan doda.  as far as i can tell (although i don't have one yet) resolution is the only drawback currently.  it is the easiest to address as well.  might be difficult for use who wear glasses.  might have to consider contacts ;p
i been waiting for this day for years now. i knew one day a young wise would step in and bridge that gap between cheap vr and expensive vr. thank you palmar luckey!
i would like to see a commitment from oculus that in the event that the final consumer version has significantly upgraded components they'll sell a kit that would allow you to upgrade the devkit version to the final specs (presuming there aren't so many new components that the savings over buying a new one would insignificant).
the lag is a very important factor, since latency during the head tracking feedback (as visualized in the video) results in nausea and headaches! it's not just a factor for first person shooter reaction times. @helge arndt: there are converters available from vga to hdmi, you're probably fine with that. the latency will be horrible, though.
whats about analog video input? for older devices or other applicationareas like fpv modelflying. we could only use analog signal to transmit over air. regards helge from germany
fuck me!  when i read carmack's reactions awhile ago, i got the sense we were years out on this.  backing the minimum now, but will back the $300 and gift to some local sf dev once i see how this progresses.  (ok, i might play a couple games of doom before handing it over.)
wireless hdmi for this device is a non-starter, which is why i didn't even bring it up in my earlier discussion.
wireless hdmi has a horrible latency issue.  it runs about 500ms.  the process usually involves encoding the signal (usually h.264) in realtime, transmitting the feed, then decoding it on the target device.  try video airplay on ios to get a feel for wireless hdmi lag.
does anyone know of or are planning to make a linux desktop manager based around this?
@adrian gartland: nice! i only knew of hdmi over ethernet but it wasn't a hard leap to go wireless on it.  as derek smart said, we can't really know until some of the kits start going out.  the latency is going to the big factor on this but i think they should look into the mobility of the device.  being able to use it wherever a person wants to is going to be a big factor of this as well.
finally decided to throw my bag of cash on this project! :) question: (which is prolly asked already, but cba to read all comments...) any plans/thoughts on having integrated audio headset with this? would be awesome!
@steven eyerman:  wireless hdmi is already out: http://www.whdi.org/ you can buy stand-alone transmitters and receivers. my htc one x has it built in. i have no idea what latency it would add though.
lets talk input devices.  if this runs on a mobile device (iphone, etc) any chance to a reasonable working gyro solution on ios as an input method (virtual hand, etc)? will this have a control box like the hmz-t1?  or will it be contained in the device? hdmi 3d compatible?
@derek smart: thanks for the reply.  wireless tech has been advancing and i would love to see what would be possible for the device even if it isn't viable for low latency required gameplay (minecraft and puzzle games could still work with it).  the bluetooth part was just for controllers on the hands/wrists (glove?) not for the video.  just posting possibilities that come to mind, this has so many available.  times like these i wish i got more into programming so i could jump in on this with other devs.
@zach lenker: if the front of the housing had visible markers on it, then at least in the case where you are sitting or standing in front of your pc, 3d tracking could be done using a webcam quite easily. @oculus, please steal this idea!
oh yes! we've been looking forward to this for too long now! as gamers we can't wait to put it on and jump in and as unity developers we can't wait to start messing around with it! pledged! gogogo!
@zach lenker: i would love to see this in major flight simulators (a competitor to trackir). look around using your head :)
@steven eyerman: i don't believe that hdmi over ethernet is going to cut it; latency aside. neither is bluetooth 4.0. the only way this sees any sort of wireless capability, is going to have to be using a special usb dongle (on the pc side) that communicates directly with the device through some other low latency near-field comms protocol. i don't know what the bandwidth requirements are and until we get the device and the sdk, it is hard to speculate what protocol (if any) exists that would make it possible.
been waiting for a hmd to blow me out of the water. i have used a good amount of different hmds because of my job, but all of those don't work as well as the rift looks or sounds($$). i'll be eagerly awaiting my development kit. for head tracking, i would love to see what solutions the developers can think of for cheap 3d positional tracking in addition to the 6 dof tacking it will come with.
@andreas monitzer: actually, that's not the same thing. heh. and for this sort of device, it probably won't be possible at all, regardless of whether or not you have the right calibration data. but you know what? this is the sort of tinkering that guys like you and me get to do - and why we're backing this project. let's just hope that the sdk is up to snuff because, from where i'm sitting, this device - if done properly - is an absolute game changer in much the same way that the likes of 3dfx, powervr, adlib et al changed the audio visual landscape for gaming.
take my money!!
@palmer luckey: i know that hdmi over ethernet exists, while latency might be an issue it would be possible to transmit hdmi over wifi connection to the pc.  make a short distance transmitter/receiver that is point to point (headset or box clipped to belt?) between the person and the pc.  add on a wrist mounted controller/keyboard that's bluetooth and you have opened up the gaming world to amazing possibilities.
@derek smart: when you have a fisheye effect on the image, it looks like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch… you can account for that in the shader (or thinking about it, a simple grid mesh with the right texture coordinates works fine… i've done that for the iphone camera, which has the same effect to a lesser degree), but you need the right calibration data, which isn't easy to measure.
will the light from the screen be collimated? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collimated_light
@andreas monitzer: i seriously doubt that since that sort of issue cannot be addressed with shaders because non-linear distortion is a property of physics and not primarily optical fidelity. then again, it there's [graphics] magic involved, then john probably knows about it. :)
400k in a matter of hours, pretty impressive. it will be interesting to see how much this project ends up in a month.
@john carmack: so you are using some fullscreen shader to account for that nonlinear distortion, right? i sure hope that this is part of the sdk…
i hope this will be the 3dfx voodoo of vr!
proud to be part of the future!
i'm just a consumer but backed it up anyway...get this thing going and see what it's all about...it's not going to replace my 5760*1080 of my pc of course but that's not what i'm looking for. i hope that one day they'll over a better resolution but to be drawn into the game and feeling like you're part of it..that's what's important for now. great technology guys..=d
@nicholas manganelli  -- the fish-eye distortion does help a little bit by putting more pixels directly in the center, but you can still resolve the rgb stripes in the middle if you look carefully.  compared to the sony hmz-t1 that puts twice the per-eye pixels in one fifth the solid angle, the pixels are enormous.  i actually wish it had an even more pronounced fish-eye to concentrate the pixels more in the center, but that isn't as useful as you might think, because the eye can rotate +/- 45 degrees without turning the head at all.
after playing with them, i shall be taking them apart and adding to them :d
with a resolution of 640x800 and 110° fov, those pixels have to be ultra-flat… not ideal for displaying (where you usually have a 1:1 aspect ratio…). doubling the horizontal resolution would be great, although that's probably outside the price range possible here. for connecting to ios, i assume that you have to use the hdmi adapter. should work fine, but you can't access the head tracking that way. it'd have to support bluetooth 4.0 le for that (optionally, an adapter could be created for converting usb host to bluetooth 4.0 le).
would there be the ability for standard sbs 3d over hdmi to work 'out of the box' ?
yes, i will buy your magic science goggles.
oculus rift needs a facebook page that will be updated with news about it's development!
is the dev kit going to be cardboard and electrical tape or actually what they show in the video. when they say dev kit it pops up indicating it will look like that. i hope so because while i want it for development i still have standards.
@nicholas manganelli exactly!
also important to remember that the pixel density is not constant, with it being higher in the center and lower near the periphery.
@scott weisgarber the thing is that 640x800 going to each eye, with a wide angle fov and this device so close to the eyes, you're going to get a lot more visual fidelity than if you were staring at a 640x800 mobile device from about 6-8" from your face. this is because of how the optic nerves work. it's too complex to explain without breaking out the equations and a lot of scientific jargon that will make mere mortals weep. but maybe john can explain it better than i can - especially since he's more of a graphics guru than most of us devs who develop graphics engines for video games. all in all, i don't think the resolution is going to make one lick of difference.
step 1: get the dev kit. step 2: get kinect. step 3: buy a month's worth of food and coffee, head down the basement, have fun.
@derek smart i agree with you and am looking forward to getting one of these in my hands. however, looking at 640 x 800 on a small handheld screen is quite different from having that same number of pixels blown up to fill your field of view. i just hope everyone who decides to back this project understands what they are--and are not--getting and isn't just being swept away with the hype.
can't wait to play with this kit! i see a lot of potential here, and how about hooking up kinect to do body tracking, hm? :)
below john carmack states that it isn't meant to work with glasses as you need to be really close to the lenses to get the fov effect.  he says that it could be useable without glasses as well but currently best without.  also, no mention of eye tracking has been made till now so i wouldn't expect it.
some feedback that is obvious to me right off the bat -- pay special attention to people who wear glasses. i was equally excited for sony's hmzt1, and they failed to incorporate this. they did feature an adjustable plane of view for near/far sighted people, but the plane was for both eyes at once. most people have different strengths in each eye, so no matter what the image was really blurry for me. i suggest either improving on this idea, or make it so glasses can be comfortably worn underneath the oculus rift.
"what will the dev kit actually look like (the image in the video or something more strewn together like carmack's demo)? how useable are glasses with this device?" +1 looks like a great project, looking forward to playing with my dev kit. keep up the good work!
a few questions: does this feature any eye tracking? what will the dev kit actually look like (the image in the video or something more strewn together like carmack's demo)? how useable are glasses with this device? further, the latency is of great importance, is there a number of ms? i'm looking to develop with this tool for academic purposes so this is not only a great project, but a great opportunity in the optical psychology field.
why not combine the two techs oculus rift & the rift have a look here for the rift! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
very excited about this.  i noticed you got a vote of encouragement from dave hegalson at unity.  will there be documented settings and/or a plugin for unity to do the proper pre-distortion to support it?
looking forward to test what this low cost system can do. i remember the first one i tried in early the early nighties  had two 1 inch color displays 1024*768  crt screens no less. mounted on top of the helmet and reflected into the eyes with mirrors. quite nice actually but this was way before 3d acceleration so the images displayed was not so hot . http://www.sics.se/dive. you got a magic wand also that had absolute 3d positioning. quite sad actually that almost nothing has happened in this area in 15-20 years.
@scott weisgarber people are gaming on lower resolutions and pov on their mobile devices every day, so all things considered 640x800 is not at all bad for such a revolutionary product. anyone who goes into this thinking that it is going to match their pc's display resolution is missing the _entire_ point of this device. i suspect that a higher resolution display will come in the future if this is successful, but i won't hold my breath for a wireless device any time soon, given the amount of bandwidth that would require.
congrats guys!! as an early backer and software developer, i can't wait to get my hands on this thing so i can get right down to making games for it.
@hamish massie since the "rift 1.0" has relatively low resolution (640 x 800 per eye) and will have limited support for games when it's released, this particular unit is geared toward either developers or the vr enthusiast. it's a good deal for what you're getting (initial estimates had the $300 package going for $600 when the kickstarter was originally discussed several months ago), but people wanting a high-resolution display with plenty of supported games are probably better off waiting.
backed. thank you for making history.
i backed it, but i'm unsure about the resolution... seem very low :-(
support to android devices would open a new world. mobiles would generate a virtual space no matter where you are!
if the ios logo is any indicator, it won't have been in vain! ;)
i would be up for purchasing the  $300 version but i am not a developer in any way, i am only a consumer. so i would be better waiting for general release or a pledge for the finished product on kickstarter?
majerked - that's why i asked. carmack had previously said 500 bucks  - so 300.  wow. guess i better get to work making this work with blender game engine.... now i wish i had spent a little more time learning blender programming and a little less time learning objective c app dev
yes, should say assembled rift prototype kit which is the same as ( early rift developer kit )
@davidelliott yes from what i understand. it does seem like an amazing deal.
congratulations palmer, i remember saying it would go quick, but this must be some sort of record!  8 )
please, everyone, forgive the ridiculousness of this question. the dev kit at 300+ includes an assembled head mounted display, correct?  hence the shipping.
tim hall: click "manage your pledge" and just change the amount.
incredibly excited about this tech.  the e3 videos of carmack enthusiastically talking about the prototype was contagious.  can't wait to buy the final product some day.
fantastic! beachfront games can't wait for the dev kit! :d
they should plug the oculus rift along side the book " ready player one". after reading that book i'm even more excited about the future of vr. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ready_player_one
yeah ! congtats !
that... was quick. :d
one of my favorite gaming sites, http://kotaku.com/5930871/john-carmack-and-gabe-newell-are-very-excited-about-this-virtual-reality-gaming-headset
now @ http://www.slashgear.com/oculus-rift-kickstarter-brings-virtual-reality-gaming-back-to-life-01241254/
think this will surpass the ouya for first day pledges?
congratulations! 250k!
any chance mr. carmack could speculate on future id title support (ie perhaps rage support in the future)
250k almost funded in under half a day! prototypes sold out! another story @ http://www.theverge.com/2012/8/1/3212895/oculus-rift-virtual-reality-head-mounted-display-kickstarter
this is the first kickstarter project i've ever backed.  i figured something backed by john carmack and gabe newell - probably gonna get built. of course, the first i'm going to do is put a gopro on the front to make it an ar headset, but even if i get an amazing vr experience at a minimum, i will be over the moon. plus now i'm only two steps of kevin bacon away from the matrix.
how do you add extra cash for international delivery?
they really ought to make it possible to insert the higher resolution  display panel into the first run unit  when it becomes available.
i'm going to port my game to it http://www.pushypixels.com/home/proton_pulse.html
looking forward to seeing where you guys can take this! if you could get involved with the ouya team that would only make it better.
i can't wait to be able to look in 1 direction and shoot in another!  i've been waiting about 15 years for this...
really excited about this! it's been a few decades since i was hooked on playing dactyl nightmare. i've been wishing for years for a great vr experience, and it looks like the right people are on the job! good luck!
i've been checking every day for this kick starter. finally! the wait is over. this might end up being more popular than ouya.
what will the ios and android integrations involve?  you have them listed on the website as well.
they added some tech spec it seems: "technical specs of the dev kit (subject to change) head tracking: 6 degrees of freedom (dof) ultra low latency field of view: 110 degrees diagonal / 90 degrees horizontal resolution: 1280x800 (640x800 per eye) inputs: dvi/hdmi and usb platforms: pc and mobile weight: ~0.22 kilograms"
just waiting for the day when every game review will have a part "and how is it with oculus?" :)
i was the 666th backer - spookily significant. good luck!
good luck, now send my stuff.  just kidding!
great job palmer! i know this is going to be a great success for you! really looking forward to the consumer model!
was tempted by the diy kit, but wasn't sure how much construction was needed!  will wait till december and will be very much looking forward to getting this working alongside the leap motion, child hood dreams finally coming to reality...
i hope this hits $250k today!!!
question about the sdk support for unity and unreal. will this also support developers using udk, or unity with a basic license?
john carmack, i am a big fan. i as wondering, do you have any plans to bring or-vr to the ouya console with d3?
this looks great, i can't wait to get my hands on one. more detailed tech specs would be great of course.
@john carmack hey john, i am a little concerned about "temple pressure" for these hmds. i don't know if you suffer from temple pressure yourself, but i do. as a result, my glasses tend to be very - very - light and specially adjusted to alleviate temple pressure. i even have a pair of super focus glasses and had to get the ones which reduced temple pressure quite a bit. even so, i can't wear them for long. your thoughts?
dr4ch: quite. i'm happy to just have something, but i don't want the project to get lots of bad reviews because people don't understand what they are paying for.
do you have an expected completion date assuming you are fully funded? even knowing the quarter you are aiming for as a release would be great.
i'll be waiting for the finished consumer product. this might be fun with the leap... =)
who cares about the technical details like resolution and ar? they will be outdatet the moment its comes out and the 2nd generation will be better anyway. but if this project is not funded you will have to wait another 10 years before someone makes another attempt. i pledged 500$ without thinking much. shut up and take my money!!! as the kids say ;-)
congrats! http://www.engadget.com/2012/08/01/oculus-rift-kickstarter-john-carmack/
i hope we are able to get a better panel down the road for this thing!
i'm happy as long as the specs are about what was talked about in the forum for the last month. but to avoid complaints from people that feel mislead later on the resolution should be spelled out. i'm guessing quite a few non-developers will pick this up, and they might not have the same idea about what "high resolution" means as old-time vr enthusiasts do.
technical comments based on the prototype unit i have been using and conversations with palmer: the display is a single 1280x800 panel; each eye only sees a 640x800 image stretched across the huge field of view.  the perceived resolution is therefore much lower than even previous generation consumer hmds.  if you are looking for high resolution, this isn't for you.  for immersion, the high fov is much, much more important, though. it is not wireless. the prototype was analog vga, but i think the kickstarter versions are dvi. everyone commented on how light the prototype was, especially compared to the sony hmd. the early prototype could not be worn with glasses.  if you modify it to stand off far enough from the face to allow glasses, the fov will be reduced a lot.  one reason it can be so light is that it has smallish lenses very close to your eyes.  with the limited resolution, you don't really need 20/20 effective vision. i hope someone experiments with the kits and builds a variable focus version, but the standard system is fixed focus.
i'll continue the trend of asking for more technical specifications.  we're mostly early adopters and developers, we want numbers to drool over.
if you are getting this and plan to make things, i'd like to follow you on twitter. i'm @majerked.
by the way, check out [url=http://www.mtbs3d.com/phpbb/viewtopic.php… topic[/url] and especially palmertech's comments.
if the specs are still the same as the prototype, it's 1280x800 spread over 2 eyes (so each eye would get 640x800). but maybe that's changed. i'm sure the team will elaborate soon. really happy that this has finally gone up :) been waiting for a long time.
agree @andreas monitzer, i'd also like to know more technical details
backed just to comment. as soon as i get paid this month i am upping to a dev kit. i have wanted this since i read snowcrash :)
for a developer-centric kickstarter, this is pretty light on details. what i'd like to know: * what's the resolution and aspect ratio of the displays? * what's the weight of the hmd? * how do you connect it to the gaming device? there's no single connector that's compatible with all of the devices you're claiming to be compatible with (mac/windows vs. ios for example) * will it be wireless or have a cable? * is it compatible with vision-impaired people? (either supporting having glasses on or doing the correction themselves) i'm using glasses and have had very uncomfortable experiences when i tried similar devices.
so none of this is for the actual product? i'm excited about this project but also disappointed, i expected the kickstarter campaign to be for the real thing, not a prototype.
can't wait to strap this on my face!
palmer, first congrats to launching this! i hope we manage to get you funded. second, more serious thing - it would help to post *what exactly* will the backers get in the kit (i.e. specs of the device, tracker or not, etc.) fingers crossed! jan
let's go to the cyberspace !
congratulations palmer!
i changed my pledge from diy early devkit to assembled. i'd rather wait a month and have a nice casing. palmer, this is going to be huge. please start thinking about order  limits on all the tiers, i think this might even overake the pebble and you'll end up with a gazillion orders, too much to meet the dec deadline.
time for our dreams to become virtual reality :)
so excited for the rift. backer #5!
congratulations on the kickstarter launch :)
first backer!! hahahahahahahahahahhah !!!!!!!!!! i'm so excited, thanks palmer!
