high praise indeed! thanks for passing that on, auban. if your student is still looking, the game is available on amazon at  www.amazon.com/math-for-love-prime-climb/dp/b00pg9590g/
i played it with my students and one asked where he could get it - maybe for a christmas present! high praise from a high school student.
hi ! did you have any news about the new set of replacement cards for the multi-game international backers ?
tom - i didn't realize you were asking for a free replacement. i'm happy to discuss this with you over email, but the short response is that we don't consider the 1st edition defective on account of the board size. we worked to make the second edition an improvement over the first, and if we produce subsequent editions, we'll work to make those better too. but if we had to replace all of the past editions with new ones, the project would stall out immediately.
are you serious? you produce a defective 1st edition and then tell one of the backers who made it possible to rebuy the game because you got it right the second time, instead of offering to let them switch out? unbelievable.
tom - you'd buy one on amazon.
tom - you'd buy one on amazon: www.amazon.com/math-for-love-prime-climb/dp/b00pg9590g
how do i get a replacement?
tom - yes. the second edition board is a half inch larger in each dimension.
did you all correct the problem with the board being too small for the box?
yeah i know, no problem. it was more to know if i gve the gift with the first or the second replacement cards deck, according to the arrival date. not received for the moment, but as i always received everything from ks campaigns except my very first game box, i'm confident. thanks for your precise answer ! :)
so glad to hear the international games are arriving! about two weeks ago, we mailed out the extra deck packs to those of you who live outside the us and also ordered more than one game. given the imprecision of shipping times, i can't give you that good a guess on when they'll arrive. probably late february to mid march? remember: the games can play perfectly well without them!
hi there ! my two games arrived well in france about 2 weeks ago. when can i expect the second deck of replacement card ? i have on game to offer and just want to know if it will match correctly. thanks for the strong parcel, everything was fine during shipping !
it has arrived, we have played it and i keep losing!  game is really good
prime climb has arrived in atlantic canada!  woohoo!
amy--great to here! i think some of the international shipping took slightly longer than we expected, so it's good to get a sense of when it is arriving.
our copy arrived today in australia.thanks so much. am looking froward to playing this with the kids.
i live in singapore  (south east asia). has anyone living around here received their game yet as i have not received my package
eagleloft--you're right on all counts. marmæl--you were correct on almost all counts. i think you'll enjoy the game more when you apply the dice to the space you have your pawn, rather than to each other. check out the updated version of the rules at http://mathforlove.com/prime-climb-rules/ and give us feedback!
ah, and i forgot: we don't allow passing over a move either. so, if your pawn is close to 101 and you get you a higher sum than what you need exactly, you have to move backwards since you can't move forward. we discussed whether we should move forwards first and just turn at 101, but decided to move directly backwards in stead. but i'm sure there's other ways to solve this too. - and after writing this, i went through the rules again and read that you don't just consider the dice, as i thought, but the dice and the circle number your pawn is standing on too. oh, well. english is not my mother tongue and we have had good fun with it the other way. but i guess we'll give it a try like this now. :d
ha ha, we also wondered about these questions and have interpreted them our own way: "- the "roll again" card gives you a full extra turn, including all four phases. roll both dice." - yes, so do we. "- if you use an action card to move your pawn to a prime number, you do not pick up a prime card. - if you end your move phase on two prime numbers you only get one prime card. - if you are on a prime number at the start of your turn and that pawn does not move, you do not collect a prime card at the end of the turn for still remaining on the prime." - we choose differently and pick up prime cards at every possibility. the benefit is that the game becomes very unpredictable: you can be close to winning one minute and back to start with both pawns the next. "- the start circle is a zero and you can only add to move off of it." - we're using/summing the dice numbers, not the path circle numbers. "- you need an exact number to have your pawn reach 101. (ie if your pawn is 2 circles away, you can't roll a 6 and win)" - same, and it makes the games last longer. besides: - you get to draw a prime card when you reach 101 with your first pawn. more interpretations, anyone?
we have played the game several times now, with children and with a more serious gamer group.  everyone has enjoyed it, but each time playing has left us with more questions.  you have clarified most of our points on boardgamegeek, but i thought i would post a little summary here for those who look here first. it sounds like you are drafting a new version of the rules --hopefully we can get something to print out and include in our box. - the "roll again" card gives you a full extra turn, including all four phases. roll both dice. - if you use an action card to move your pawn to a prime number, you do not pick up a prime card. - if you end your move phase on two prime numbers you only get one prime card. - if you are on a prime number at the start of your turn and that pawn does not move, you do not collect a prime card at the end of the turn for still remaining on the prime. - the start circle is a zero and you can only add to move off of it. - you need an exact number to have your pawn reach 101. (ie if your pawn is 2 circles away, you can't roll a 6 and win) please let me know if i am wrong on these interpretations.
got my prime climb yesterday (norway)! thanks :-d
i have played the game a few times with friends and we enjoy it.  we have no issues about math, all of our questions have to do with the cards and certain scenarios.  i hope you guys will go to boardgamegeek.com for your game to post some answers.
nathan lloyd -- yes, you do need more cards. i just posted an update about this. we're on this issue, and you should have your missing cards soon.
got my box of 10 prime climb games - can't wait to get it out on the table to play.  got a little packet of 3 cards to switch out. only got one set of the extra card though bit have 10 games. do i need more cards?
got it yesterday and let the 7 year old unpack, before playing four games right away. the first question after school today was: "can we play that game today too?" the answer was yes, of course. :) great work - the color coding works like a charm, plus it's a great starting point to discuss mathematical principles and smart math tricks in general. thank you!
just received my game in uk. looks great. thank you very much.
i forgot to send out an update (and will soon!), but the international orders went out two weeks ago! they should get to you between now and the end of january. more in an update soon.
i see that you have not sent me a survey yet. is one coming or do you have the required information?
when are you sending the international games? i have not got an email yet.
received my replacement cards in wa today. thank you so much!
just received my replacement cards here at work, in san diego, california.  thanks.  one was already mailed out as a gift, but i will send them the cards.
this is a fantastic game!  the colors pop and the layout unique!  glad i jumped on board with this mathematical train!  as educators, we found the game to be a good way to pick at the brain.
got my copy today. thanks so much. looks great.
i received my copy today! it looks great.
we've been hearing a lot of great feedback as more and more people get their games. thanks for sharing! it sounds like the box/board size matching is the major design feature to revise in version two. we'll definitely address that before we do another printing. otherwise, we're happy that there's so much excitement around the game! if you haven't gotten a game yet, you can get the pdfs at mathforlove.com/games and the game itself at http://www.amazon.com/math-for-love-prime-climb/dp/b00pg9590g/
just received my reward here in san diego, california.  i agree that the box is a little to big for the folded game board.  it would be nice in your 2nd version that you made the board a little bigger to match the box size, or the other way around.  components look great.  can't wait to play the game.
oh. my. zeus. this is this most well made game i have ever seen. the production value is off the charts. the board is beautiful, super colorful and smooth, the cards are super simplistic and smooth as well, (the dice are kind of plain and white. i would've liked it if the numbers on the dice were colored like they are on the board too.) and the cover of the game is my favorite. every game should have that kind of cover to it. i won't describe it so backers can see it for themselves. overall, crisp, smooth, simplistic, amazing job.  i was playing it with my dad who was never good at multiplication despite him being an engineer and, after a while, he got a revelation of how it works. when he figured out that all you have to do is look for the color of the multiplier, he got it like that. so it really is educational for you doubters.
got mine today. excited to play it with my daughter tomorrow, as a way to help practice her math facts. shipped safely from amazon us. one thing i did notice though is that the box is much larger than it needed to be for just the handful of components it comes with, and the board itself is not the same dimensions as the box so it kind of slides around. was this intentional?
any updates?
where do you get the print and play? (sorry, kickstarter noob)
got my poster, just wondering when i can be expecting my game board.  my school year has started and i'd like to get this in my classroom asap.  i know that was the goal of your project after all to get this in classrooms.  well sadly my bank account only had enough money to fund 1 and while i have the print and play i want to teach the kids with the board.  so yeah sorry to be getting impatient just wondering
awesome to hear the feedback, mauro! the game can work without cards, it's just more fun with them :-) if you translate them into german, i'd love to have a copy of the text.
today i played primo (pnp) with some of my young students (4. grade in switzerland = 10 years old). they loved it and they were doing maths without even noticing. we played without the cards, because my students don't know english well enough to understand. but i will probably make a german version of the cards soon.
i should say, i'm going to print it smaller so i can use it as a travel game :)
got the file and everything looks great! i'm excited to get it printed and start playing (going to make a smaller travel copy). i'm also looking forward to the hard copy of this game. after seeing the printable file i know the boxed game will be absolutely beautiful!
it's the week of the 4th and i'm waiting for a pnp email.  i am a teacher and i'd really wanted to start with this day 1 in my classrooms, but i need to master it before that happens.  sorry to be needy but this is the time of year that i am stressed and i just want to get this in the hands of my students and co-workers
i understand you are using backerkit for managing pledges after the campaign, but i think you should make an update about how to go about using backerkit as many backers may not have used it before. just a suggestion since i wouldn't have known about it had i not checked the comments.
jens -- there will be a way to purchase the pnp after the campaign. we're using backerkit, which allows backers to do a fair amount of customizing of their order even after the campaign is over. eula -- august is the latest the pnp will be ready. we've got a little redesigning to do, so i don't know if it will be ready much before then, but if it is, we'll make it available.
i'm not sure if it's already been mentioned in the comments (sorry if it already has,) but when should we expect the pnp files to be sent? or is august the expected timeframe?
i kind of missed increasing my pledge. is there a way to purchase the pnp file after the campaign?
for a name, how about "pr1mo"  or some variation/combination with capital letters, or small caps, or lowercase letters. the "1" in the center could be a much larger font than the other letters. would this satisfy copyright or trademark issues?  1 has a special relationship to prime numbers and was considered a prime number by some mathematicians during some parts of the history of mathematics. -neil
i back this in part because i've met dan in person. he's a truly unique and inspiring person... too bad he cannot bottle his enthusiasm, charm, and reparte with kids, that would sell tenfold this. dan - i hope i can get you to sign mine over at app sometime :) i don't know amazon fulfillment, but i'm a little surprised they can't be of more help in doing an international distribution from a container shipped to europe. you would think kickstarter would get in on that game as well!
for the people who want a translated version of the game, it may be possible to modify the cards to be language independent. graphic images are usually good for that. the symbols on your example cards do a good job already for that and may do a better job with a little adjustment. the die image for the roll again makes perfect sense. 73 -> 37 makes sense, but i would probably modify the arrow to make the image more like "73 < => 37". the switch tokens one is good as is. the only way i would modify it is to make the circles there more obviously tokens and not random circles. the keeper cards seem fine the way they are. the only way i might modify it for a more language independent game is to add the plus/minus symbol next to the number. i doubt, and i mean nothing bad by this, that you will be able to deliver by october. so taking a bit of time to decide how language independent you want to be may be a good idea. i say i doubt your ability to deliver in october because i have backed 70 something projects and i have a feel for it. you seem pretty close to the proofing process where you send the files to your manufacturer/printer, they send back samples, and you approve or request changes. that process takes about a month or more. then there is the actual manufacturing, assembly, shipping, customs, readying orders for individual shipments, and final shipping. at best, i us backers having the product in mid to late november. which works for me because i am planning on giving this game to my niece and x-mas is a great reason to do so. she should be ready to start playing in a few years. she was born in february of this year. anyways, congrats. may success continue to be good.
@marcg after printing it, glue it onto some poster board (spray glue to prevent bubbles forming) and laminate it for sturdiness and durability. and, as a bonus from laminating, it is water proof so you can pill your drink onto it.
i like the name primo.  i think it relays easily what the game is about. any chance that at any level or stretch goal you'll include a print and play version?
so is there any good advice for turning a pdf version into a useable game? just printing it and cutting up bits of paper doesn't sound like it will offer a good gaming experience!
@sam willis. all your profile has is a link to hotmail, not your email address! i'm thinking pnp may have to be the way to go for now, i've probably gone a bit overboard on other projects this month!
a color-blind-friendly design could use the colors you already have, but add a texture or fine-line cross hatching pattern. an example would be the cards used in the game coloretto. that said, i would hate to wreck the simplicity and beauty that you've already created.
i will say that of the almost 90 other gaming projects i've backed on kickstarter this is the only one that doesn't include the print n play with a physical copy of the game. generally a campaign will have a free pnp rough black and white during the campaign and then sends out the color final one once everything is finalized for printing.
similar question than rymson: to make up for the high international shipping cost, could you consider to include the pdf with the international shipping. this would cost you no additional money and would sweeten the deal for us unfortunate non-us backers...
when backing the 65 (+30 international, ugh, and probably import taxes as well..) do we also get the print and play pdf? for me this is mostly so i can translate the cards to dutch for my friends. thank you!
"prime numbers make multiplication easy. (why does no one learn this in school?)" amen to that! the color-coding is brilliant. have you considered using it with other learning tools (flashcards, say)? learning to associate each number with its prime factors--better yet, to see it *as* a product of its prime factors--can only be a good thing.
@marcg a couple of people were in touch, but overall i personally decided the pnp was the best option for me. if you email me (click on my name to find my address) then i can forward yours to them if you like - but is only 2 or 3 people at most. thanks. intrigued by what the new name will be.... i've been wracking my brain for days, probably will offer something soon!
i still like the name primo as the game title.  very simple and math related to me.
@sam willis did you get other interest in a uk group by? ordering a 10 pack seems to be the way forward if possible.
i am a special education teacher and i am always on the look out for fun and creative ways to engage my students.  i look forward to making primo a core part of my curriculum next year!
google translation is pretty accurate to use for translating.  just copy and paste your text in the left hand box and it will translate into the right box that will appear. https://translate.google.com/ i translated the japanese review and it was good reading.
mauro--interesting suggestion. we'll look into possibilities for this. michelle--i'm glad the print and play helps relieve the frustration! i wish we could ship anywhere without having to tack on the high shipping costs.  szienceman--good luck getting your sets tricked out for the classroom!
as a teacher in switzerland, i wonder if it was possible to translate and print the cards? i ordered the game itself and added 10$ for the print-version. it would be awesome if i could use the game with translated cards (i would even print them myself). or what about cards with no text at all? working with symbols only? thanks for this awesome project! happy to be a backer!
just found this today!  thank you for offering the pdf version of this.  thanks to kosongz for suggesting this idea and jeremiah and sam for backing it as well.  although i am in the usa, many backers overseas are frustrated with trying to receive items shipped through customs and this is a great way for them to enjoy it without the shipping headaches.  excited to try this game out when it's available!
thanks guys! just thinking about how we might go about getting some classroom sets made on the cheap and what kinds of components we might order. the game looks great.
szienceman -- just updated the faq. it's an 18 by 18 inch board, and 1 inch diameter circles.
and what's the size of the circles on the game board?
what size will the game board be?
great job on this. love the design!!
hi clay -- the current pawns are delano's normal large pawns. the board is coated, which i think is what you mean. i'm not sure the thickness, but i think it's basically a standard thickness. checking out possibilities for the pawns is our next priority, currently. thanks for your support!
what are the materials for the pawns? thickness of the game board? is the board kind of laminated? unsure what your publisher can provide, but those types of material upgrades are nice when it comes to game board and game piece quality, and might be an idea for a further stretch goal.   the updates are great here too, congrats on this campaign. can't wait to play this fall!
and thanks, george!
thanks jennifer!
i pinned you on my pinterest.  hope it helps a bit. http://www.pinterest.com/pin/220817187954352612/
the contents is more of the same in the ks page, explaining how things work, but the title says "a new board game that makes learning math fun with visual hints"
we've been featured on gigazine. can anyone read japanese? http://gigazine.net/news/20140516-primo/
hi dennis -- there's almost certainly an idea in there. we'll toy around with it.
could you make a game using lattice multiplication? something like ..players take turns filling in parts of a lattice in order to find the multiplier, multiplicand and answer...or maybe each player knows one of the factors and is trying to determine the other and the answer. just thinking!
thanks for all the prime-sleuthing william! it's amazing how many of them pop up. andrea -- we debated this, but ended up going with making the printable files a $10 add on to the game. not quite open source, but in the ballpark.
i think it would be really cool if the boxed version also came with the printable files - that would make this an open source game.
557 backers  $28,201  and 23 hours to go    3 primes !
we hit 27,749   a prime number! and then a few more backers showed up.
what a great idea!  i have some math games that are too complex if you haven't mastered the basic facts this is a great game to build those skills and it has several levels of complexity that develop as you learn and discover  more about the math facts. you should consider submitting this to the ' mensa select'  games award looks like if you supply your own additional dice  d4,d6,d8, d10,d12,d20 (what gamer doesn't have a pile of those lying around.) you can work on larger math facts  or focus on the smaller numbers  building up to  the larger dice.
definitely! i would love to check it out! :d
thanks geekgoddess! let us know if you're interested in getting a print and play version (we're just getting them assembled) for a review on your website. we could get one to you in the next few days if you're interested...
i'm really excited about this project & i love your vision.  i'm a big supporter of the idea that math should be fun & that we need to teach it as a more creative discipline than a strict set of rules.  i can't wait to get a chance to check it out! :)
hi all. a print and play is a great idea, and we are hammering out the details now. we hope to have it as an option in the next few days, and will keep you updated. thanks for the suggestion! sam willis: once you have the pdf of the multiplication table, you are free to print multiple copies and stick them up anywhere you want. we just ask that you respect attribution and restrict reproduction to non-commercial use. also, if we get more inquiries from uk backers, we'll send them your way.
as a board game fanatic, kickstarter obsessive, maths teacher and prime number enthusiast i am delighted to see this game! however as someone in the uk, i too am considering my options.... firstly, a print and play option ($8?) would be great as would allow access without being bogged down by international shipping. so count my vote for that if at all possible! secondly, a pnp would also allow teachers like myself to create multiple copies relatively easily (well relatively being the key word...) to enable a whole class to be playing this game at once- perhaps with a real set at the front for a lucky few to play with! thirdly, can i enquire about the copyright etc. on the multiplication table- is there any issues with printing copies of the pdf once delivered and sticking them up in classrooms? as things which highlight the beauty of prime factorisation are a winner in my book! fourthly and finally, are there any other uk backers out there, who'd be willing to get in touch to consider going in together for a multipack to  a) reduce overall cost and shipping  b) reduce cost of customs (as many imported games incur customs charges unless shipped say via amazon uk from within the eu?) if so be in touch either here- or click on my name.
i was going to ask about print and play - but not because of the cost :) we need help with multiplication tables now, and by october she will need to have mastered this already. i'd love to use this game to help her nail her multiplication facts (and it looks like it will have playability well beyond that) but having a print-and-play version - even if only for backers at the shipped game level - would be a big incentive to increase my pledge.  i suspect a lot of parents eager to open their wallets are in the same boat!
i think it's better if you decide it for yourself as this is your baby. only you know how much effort you have put into it. but you might want to check out projects like the agents, euphoria, tiny epic kingdoms, the tower and etc. a low-res version for test play might help to attract more backers.
that's a great idea, and it seems like something we could put together. we'll look at what would be involved in making that work. what price feels like it would be fair for that?
well, $25 for shipping's is expensive when the game is only $35. would you consider adding a print-and-play pledge level?
