no problem angelo, i voted for your hot sauce!
have you thought about creating smaller bags to give as gifts?  you could sell them in batches of 5 or more...
i just ran through my third bag of this magical stuff!  our homemade pasta sauce gets rave reviews from family and friends and there's nothing it doesn't improve :d thank you so so much!!
arrrgh.... i ran out of angelo's salt! just ordered three bags to re-stock. and possibly the highest compliment i can pay is that i ordered a bag for my mother - a legendary cook. great kickstarter. you've created a wonderful thing!
happy easter everybody! :d
i've now gifted so many bags to people, i've yet to find someone who doesn't like it.. and many of them have long since gone through the bag i gave them and then ordered more.
been using the salt on and off for a bit now, but last weekend used it as the sole seasoning for a roast beef. it was the best i'd ever had.
i still haven't received mine in austin, texas yet. i am eager to try it!
still waiting for mine here in canada.  i hope it comes soon.
ciao everyone, you can order more omnivore salt on our website! here is the link below. http://www.omnivoresalt.com/products/omnivoresalt thanks to everyone! this is going to be a great year thanks to all of you! hugs, angelo
i finally used my omnivore salt on a slow roasted chicken. result=amazing i ate two hours ago, and i am still loving it!
worth every penny. made me join the salivation army.
got mine in tasmania australia today and tried it on some locally made low salt ham steaks. the circular ones. they were very nice. will try it on a roast real soon. i filled up a shaker we had that was unused, and that left half a bag i am giving to a friend from melbourne to try. he drives the truck for the gear for the wiggles concerts, like the big red car. he just got back from doing hobart and launceston. i'm sure he'll enjoy the omnivore salt, and be wanting more in no time, so i told him to check the web site for when international orders are available. thanks again angelo.
got it on 2. december  (frankfurt, germany)
arrived today downunder.  thanks!
just received mine ! great with poached salmon
smells and tastes amazing!  i cannot wait to cook with it!
received my reward and used it on thanksgiving. gave a wonderful flavor to the bird. can't wait to try it on more items. thank you.
just arrived! looking forward to trying it. best wishes for continuing success.
angelo, we got our pledges just in time for turkey day! thank you!!!!
i was also thinking of brining/curing potentials, specifically charcuterie options. loved the salt on everything i've tired so far, from complex (individual beef wellingtons) to the simple (french fries). i'm hooked! :-)
got mine today!  the most i've done is take a pinch and taste it, but it's obvious just from that it's going to be great to cook with.  :d
...on pork tenderloin, with a touch of black truffle oil, excellent. thanks angelo!
first meal with omnivore salt - a huge success. just sprinkled a bit of it over rice, chicken and some string beans. hits a perfect balance of flavors - not too peppery, not too tangy, not too salty. left a great first impression, and i'm now planning to test it out on all sorts of stuff :-)
just got mine today.  thinking about dry brining the turkey with it.  anyone else going to try brining with omnivore salt?
i just received my salt!  i can't wait to eat the delicious things my girlfriend will make with it... :d
i received your salt today, chef!  i'm looking forward to bestowing it's fragrant benediction on dishes reborn by the blessing! grazie mille! lou berkley san francisco
just got in to me. mom: what's this package for you? me: salt. mom: salt? *disgusted, confused look* gee, thanks mom.
congrats on shipping angelo. great to get a behind the scenes glimpse. can't wait to use my omnivore salt for holiday cooking!
how is production going?
ciao everyone.... production is underway. i will update you all once it is completed in a couple of weeks. best, angelo
any news on whats going on with production?
@justina - there is no email survey - the survey is on kickstarter, however, kickstarter does send a email notification that you have a pending survey that needs to be filled out.
dear angelo, i have not received an e-mail survey. please send...thank you and congratulation's on a very successful campaign! looking forward to only good things ;-)
also, if you have filled out the survey, under your pledge level there should be a light blue "your response" link that will bring up the information that you put in to the survey.
@joan no yellow banner means you did fill out the form. :-)
i thought i had filled out the survey but i don't have a yellow banner. joan lampe  craftlampe@gmail.com
don't get me wrong, but i got used to getting kickstarter updates one a month or quarter. and here i keep getting 2-3 in a day, which annoys a little. :d
i did see the omnivore salt being sold online and still backed the project. simply because it is providing funds to think bigger and pursue a dream.  proud to be a backer angelo!
i back because i am interested in a project. kickstarter is not a presale site. it is for people with ideas to get a kickstart toward making their ideas a reality.  the intent of this project should be clear to anyone, with or without watching the video. we aren't just paying for raw ingredients, which certainly cost more than a previous commenter poster (unless you prefer low grade, store brand).  we are paying to get someone's product off the ground and, in this case, a blend that might as well be art. the original goal was $30k.  the overfunding just goes to show how many people believe in and want to at least try this product.  i am very happy with my pledge, even without considering the (welcome but unnecessary) increase, and cannot wait to try it out it my own kitchen.
hi angelo!  excited for your kickstarter project garnering such support!  here's an interesting discussion you might enjoy about whether salt should be on the table! http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2013/09/10/should-salt-have-a-place-at-the-table…
angelo - thank you for your note below.  as a backer, i had mixed feelings when i heard of the availability of your product prior to the kickstarter and the small uproar this caused, but you have handled it expertly and i am proud to be a part of your dream.
to angelo: i am a proud backer of your product. thank you for your words to further show that you are an honorable gentleman and business owner. i look forward to using your salt blend and telling everyone about it. much success to you. to the naysayers: if you believe that all projects on ks are only "new" ideas, never before available, that people are starting a "new" never before seen the light of day business, then you have either not backed very many projects or have managed to only back those truly "new" projects. i am currently backing a project that has been sold in a very limited amount and the ks money is to take it to the next level. another is a business already established that needs new equipment. i missed backing two ladies who've been selling at farmers markets and now want to sell wholesale. yes, there are the "uglies".  i've researched one project were it seems the owner puts out a new cookbook or offers a food item whenever he needs cash. another looks less like a desire to put out music and more like a way to score some cash. should angelo have mentioned the online shop? probably. does his non-disclosure change my feelings about my backing decision? not in the least. i read and researched and heart checked and then backed. this is not suppose to be about getting a product cheaper than retail. this is about supporting small businesses that otherwise would not get a fighting chance. getting off my soap box now.
thanks for the clarification angelo. i would have gladly donated even if i had known all this before hand, but i see how it may have appeared to some. i just hope your business goes great to make it up to everyone, with a constant supply of your salt. because i just know that once we all get a chance to try it, we will be hopelessly hooked :-) in a good way. best of all, now i get three 8 ounce bags. bonus. i hope to see your salt at a supermarket near me some day real soon, for when i run out. best wishes for all you do angelo, to bring joy back to the people you meet. sincerely, aaron.
mr garro, i am truly sorry about certain words that i had chosen to use when i posted the comment that i had posted. as angry and hurt as i was i didn't intend to come off in that manner. i will say that yes, i am peeved, that i just donated to kickstart a company that already had their product online for sale. i understand it may have been an honest mistake that you misunderstood what true intention behind kickstarter.com was but as it is in the name, it is meant to kickstart companies that have no way of getting their product online to receive funding to make it available to to general public.     as much as i would love to try your salt, with my family being sicilian, and my mother and i both having an avid lover of salt, i feel you came into kickstarter to achieve your goals, not let and thank others for helping them let you achieve your goals.      i choose to donate on kickstarter because someone who doesnt have the friends you do are sometimes not able to as easily sell their product online. and the other reason i donate on kickstarter is because every single other person to put something on that website does it for a discount to thank backers who are supporting them to launch their endeavor.      long story short i would still love to try your salt but i urge you to stir the generous uproar who spread your generosity than the biter uproar who at the worst, stir nothing at all. michael ballerini
angelo,  you've won me (and i think many others) over with your kind soul and willingness to listen to your community.  you are a true gentleman in how you handled this situation and someone i am proud to support. i am so happy that you'll be able to focus more on your dream. whatever amount of salt i get, i can't wait to throw a dinner party featuring your salt prominently in my dishes. here's to your dream! suzan
dear kickstarter community, i am deeply saddened that i have shaken your faith and trust in me. i want to give you the background so you have a clearer picture of my decisions. in my first video i mentioned that i have been making this salt recipe for years  and that my friends come and “liberate” if from my kitchen. one of these friends is jennifer over at out of the box collective. she offered her site as place to get started with my salt and test out what it would be like to sell some bags. in nov 2012,  i made 150 bags for her in my kitchen at the forge with friends. we  printed the labels in my office and had a salt party! she had sold 135 of them until last week and is now sold out, due to all the kickstarter pr.  as for the price, i did not really know what my costs were so we decided to start with $10 a bag and with her shipping at $6 it brought the bag to $16 each. it seemed like a good place to start and i just wanted to cover my costs. meanwhile my friends told me i needed to raise the money to move from making the salt at my forge into to a real business and the idea of the kickstarter campaign was born. i thought this intent was clear in my video but i now realize that for many of you it was not – for this i sincerely apologize. as for the cost, i may have made a honest mistake. it is my understanding that kickstarter is about donations and is not a presale site where it's a 1:1 purchase for the product. i understood it as connecting to a community that helps you raise funds to launch, expand or develop a new or existing idea. and the best way to thank your donors was with a gift. i set the donation price for a gift at $20 but i did not intend to say that $20 was the final retail price of the salt.  this is also why i had many  gifts that were not just bags of salt; they were experiences with me at the forge.  i see from the response that this is not how the community sees it and you were  expecting a presale of the salt at the best price possible. again i am deeply sorry for this misunderstanding.  i thought i was working within the correct spirit of kickstarter.  i want to make this right so everyone feels good  about supporting me.  i think the best thing to do is to increase the amount of salt from 6 to 8oz per bag. omnivore salt is my dream. as i get older the demands of blacksmithing are difficult and creating omnivore salt  lets me focus on my cooking and sharing the flavors from my table with you.  you generous support is making this a reality. i never intended to mislead anyone and i really thought i was working within the  right intent of kickstarter.  i do hope you will love your salt. humbly yours, angelo
i got a very nice note from angelo today and i was too quick to pass judgement. i apologize for previous post as i did not have the full scoop. angelo, i believe, has the true spirit of crowd source funding and his project is not a marketing ploy but a real effort to get his amazing salt out to a larger crowd of people. wishes of success to you omnivore.
for the record--i am not angry. my post was rather measured and factual rather than "half cocked." after my brief note, i  actually left and enjoyed an amazing sushi dinner :) so it's definitely not upset my day in the least. as a marketing and branding strategist i was actually trying to educate angelo so that he could take action that would strengthen his brand rather than have it blow up. what i think he had here was a brewing pr or perception problem which is all i was trying to point out. i believe it's better to tell someone to their face rather than complain about it  behind their back or be secretly resentful. as someone has backed 26 projects i am well aware that i'm supporting the person--that's one of the biggest reasons i do this. however, i do think potential backers of a project should expect an upfront sales pitch with all the information so that they can make a decision on whether to back a project at a higher price to support the entrepreneur rather than purchasing it directly from a site at cheaper price and receive it faster. so, no need to worry about my ruined night. it's been a great one and i expect it to continue that way. by the way, angelo sent me a rather detailed message with an apology and explanation which was very classy of him. we all make mistakes, it's how we handle them that matter. he did well in my book and has earned my respect.
because of kick starter i know the product exists. sometimes it's worth the extra cost. if after i try it i have a contact point should i wish more or have a flavor profile suggestion  am i upset or hurt no.
sounds like a lot of people going off half cocked (people seem to do that a lot these days) you don't back a kick starter to get the product for a cheaper price. you do it to support the business to reach their goal. in this case their goal was to get this product out to market in a real production way. they may have been hand bagging product they mixed in their kitchen and selling it in one little online venue. its not like you are seeing this salt at anywhere else. sounds like they had this one retailer selling a limited amount of product to try to get them going and it wasn't enough...  so they launched a kickstarter campaign...  and did a damn good job of it.  i am glad i backed them and look forward to seeing it on many more sites and hopefully at my local store.
$10 for 6oz and $10 for shipping now at out of the box. i think what got everyone's knickers in a knot was that it was $16 total there vs $20 total here. looks like shipping has been adjusted in the last day. so it was cheaper there. and it was, as george n so eloquently stated, a very small distribution effort. now i know about omnivore salt and i have the privilege of trying it out and helping this product reach a larger market than just people who know angelo. drink a beer and enjoy the evening.
look, i understand that people are feeling a little burned, but i think you need to take a step back and realize what is going on here.  angelo made some small batches of salt which his friend is selling.  it's going so well that he decides he wants to scale up and make this available to everyone.  since this is the first attempt at scale, it turns out that a reasonable price is actually more than his friend is selling for.  (for all we know, angelo and out of the box are losing money on those sales). honestly, it's no different if i invent some gizmo, hack out a dozen prototypes which a friend then sells on his website.  meanwhile, i decide to go into full-scale production and try to kickstart it.  the price of the prototypes doesn't really have much to do with final costs. and if you really feel like you've been taken, you can probably pursue a refund.
i've done several kickstarters, but this is the first where i discover the product is already for sale (and at a lower price). if i had known that, i would not have backed it.
this is my 26th kickstarter i've backed and the only one where i felt like i was taken. i'm a marketer so i happen to know a bit about positioning and spin. however, this is a clear case of spinning so far that your audience feels duped.  your campaign says that you want to bring the salt to the market but apparently it already is on the market -- and at a much cheaper price! i think you either need to adjust the amount of salt that backers get or your friend's site needs to change the price point of the salt they sell. it's just not fair to the more than 3,000 people who in good faith backed thinking they were helping bring your product to market.
wow! i am beside myself after viewing the website with these for sale. could've saved $5 and more and gotten them in a few days. very disappointed. i also am a long time kickstarter backer with quite a few projects and just don't know what to say about this really. it appears we (kickstarter backers!) have been duped. i bet if mr. garro wouldv'e told the public it was for sale elsewhere for less, he wouldn't have almost $142k in the bank right now! that's a fact. i bet his next step is to raise the price and/or pull the item off the other site as a way to minimize the impact of this crap and hope the comments go away! very disappointed!!!
i think we need an answer/update from angelo soon...
wow, i really wish i knew it was for sale cheaper online. i help kickstarter projects to help an idea get funded and to get a reward that is worth the initial investment. selling us overpriced items that you sell to others for much cheaper is not merely wrong but also just a very immoral thing to do. i hope you take all this into account and keep us fans instead of detractors.
if these comments are true about it being 50% cheaper on line already then i will be very disappointed with backing this product especially since $20.00 for 6 ounces of something that is mostly salt is absurd in the first place unless it has truffles or saffron in it!  angelo, please correct this issue or provide backers more product for their money.
you have made a mockery of crowd source funding! you can now buy it online at half the cost and get it right away versus a promise of getting it three or more months down the road. as other slimy operators use crowd sourcing  for marketing and profiteering purposes it threatens to kill off a way to bring innovations to the marketplace where such pre-funding is actually needed. shame on you omnivore.
i am also very excited  to cook with angelo's salt but also very disappointed to see it for sale online for half the price ( plus $6 for shipping) before backers get surveys...
@brian - i believe that once shipping is added in, you'd find that the prices are fairly comparable.
congrats on meeting your goal.  i am a chef and look forward to using your product. if its not asking too much please take a look at our kickstarter http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/885412742/the-gastro-gnomes-food-truck-and-mobile-kitchen-ca
i am very excited to try the product.  however, i was surprised to see that the salt is already being sold online for 50% less than my pledge amount.  see http://out-of-the-box-collective.theshoppad.com/#/product/omnivores-salt
well said allison, kate and the art factory. i love the idea of websites like kickstarter helping make peoples ideas and dreams come true. it is always a shame when you see and maybe back something, that then fails to become a reality, but the gamble is part of the fun. i just wish i had a few billion bucks to play with like a saudi prince, so i could back a heap more. best of luck to everyone who joins the kickstarter dream. may all your wonderful ideas be brought to life, through the hearts of the many.
salt has never been so sexy, ever.... ever...  before this project it was just dirt.   now it's golden....  great alchemy sir.. and thank you for writing me a letter after i donated that huge $1 sum to your kickstarter... i'm sure it took you longer to write that letter than it took me to donate.. thank you and i'm so glad your work is beloved as it is..   also, werner herzog, wow, i loved listening to your narration.   that was why i first wanted to participate, pure genius and love in action.   you guys are so inspiring...
first of all, thank you, allison. very well said, m'am! i can't wait to taste the salt. and one little detail the nit-pickers such as schaep miss is that part of the fun, for many of us, will be trying to reverse-engineer angelo's secret recipe by using our taste buds! :) that's *always* a fun challenge, and while i doubt if many of us even come close (i sure don't expect to!) we'll have fun. and some of us will come up with our own special mixes that we may add to our arsenal of accents for meals. heck, i've already got four separate types of salt in my kitchen, and i use them all. we love having a wide variety of flavor-colors to blend on our food palette, for the delectation of our palates. btw, angelo, which opera is that in the background of the vid?
in response to schaep -- please keep in mind that nobody is twisting anyone's arm or forcing anyone to pledge their money towards this campaign.  more than 2,700 people have pledged willingly and enthusiastically not just to receive the end product, but also to support a fellow human being & help make his dream a reality -- this is a very worthy cause even if you were to receive nothing in return!! we are paying for for angelo's time, the idea itself, product design, probably countless hours spent refining and testing the recipe, and don't forget the wide range of higher tier backer rewards, where more than 20 people will enjoy a food tasting at the forge, 10 will enjoy a hands-on salumi-making experience, 8 will forage for wild fennel, and so far 36 people total will have an extravagant multi-course dining experience complete with wild boar!  can you imagine all the extra costs associated with these rewards, which you have not factored into your "breakdown" above? plain and simple, we believe angelo has presented a wonderful idea and we are willing to pay for it!  yes, i personally think the end product is very expensive and perhaps even "overpriced" if you will call it that -- but i'll shell out 50 bucks for some overpriced salt and be proud that i (and 2,700 others like me) will be helping this entrepreneur see a great financial return on his ideas. please do not try to belittle or berate by putting up a price tag of what you personally think the product is "worth" -- instead, please try to appreciate the man's idea for what it is & be happy to see him succeed.  you do not need to pledge if you don't think it's worth it!!! i wish that every campaign could do so well.  it is sad to see great projects denied due to lack of funding, and this is a great example of what kickstarter is all about -- we're supporting this dude and getting some great rewards in return.  isn't that enough??? great job on your campaign, angelo -- i am truly surprised by the tremendous support the community has shown for your project & congratulate you in advance for achieving your funding goal multiple times over!!
i agree with some of what schaep is saying, but more importantly it would be so much cheaper to ship parcels of spice mix that you can add to a set weight of salt once you have it at home. especially for overseas customers, where shipping costs per kilogram are a bit expensive. if 100 grams of spice mix was able to do a couple kilograms of salt, it would be much easier to ship and we'd be getting really good value for money. i'm still happy with the salt i ordered, but maybe a spice mix on it's own isn't such a bad idea. heck, even an angelo garro pasta sauce range would be a great idea. :-)
great project! it should be tagged as art. judging by the video this mixture is 99% salt. he claims in his video that because of the spices in the salt you use much less salt, which is good because we eat to much salt these days. i agree we eat to much salt, but replacing normal salt with an even more delicious version of salt will only make the problem worse. it is not a remedy at all. even if you make a mixture of spices with just 30% salt in it the effect is that people will try to make their food more spicy by adding more of the mixture. unable to keep the salt out while making it spicier they will thus also make it saltier. it would be way more better if angelo made a mixture of just spices without any salt in it. this would remedy the problem much better and give people a means of balancing the spices versus the salt themselves. people mainly don't eat to much salt because they put it in there food themselves. they mainly eat to much because salt is in everything. most people don't have the time to cook everything they eat all day by themselves. most people eat bought products during the day and only cook fresh for themselves in the evening. this means that in most cases by the time people start preparing their own meal using fresh products they already are over there daily healthy salt usage. because of this i cook in the evening without using salt at all. i use a lot of unsalted-spices so my food still tastes as delicious. if you accidentally manage to eat to few salt on a day just eat one slice of the salted salami and your daily dosage of salt has been reached. but lets face it 2400 kickstarter backers are not "most people" of course. so lets calculate a little with the mixture. 1 ton (1000 kilo) of food grade salt is between 100 and 150$. so we use organic produced salt, which is overrated because every salt is produced organic. i agree the company in scooping up the salt might not be 100% organic so lets buy from a company who does. this might make the price for a ton of salt 200$. since the mixture is mostly salt only 1% needs to be spices. 10 kilo of organic spices would probably cost less then 200$ but lets just use 200$ to make sure it does cover the cost. mixing the mixture with an industrial mixer would probably take less then a day. lets say you'd go to a company for this and pay 1000$ for the work of 1 day. then you'd need packaging. resealable printed food-grade paper bags cost less then 10 cent a piece. buying 10,000 of them would thus cost another 1000$. funny thing is that if you'd order 10x as much your price would only double. lets take a really slow food packaging machine with 10 bags per minute. a better machine would easily package 50-100 bags per minute for granular foods. 10 bags per minute would take 2 days for 10.000. lets pay a company to do this for us in 3 days at a 1000$ a day. that would make a cost of 3000$. with a ton of salt you can now fill 6000 bags of 6oz total costs are now 5400 dollars for 6.000 of 6oz bags. currently the sales add up to 3600 6oz bags for over 108,000$. he'd still have to ship it and pay taxes and make a profit, but 100k$ would surely cover those costs. angelo could retire and just start a kickstarter project once a year, wait for a month before it ends, then have 2 weeks of work and earn a years worth of salary (or 2 years). but hey this ain't just salt, this is art! 20$ for 6oz of spiced salt while a kilo of salt in the shop is a dollar or less? as a blacksmith marketing a ton of salt to be sold for a price 20 times as much that really is art.
just remembered what the song was. tv rock featuring seaney b, flaunt it. http://www.youtube.com/watch… but it's a bit naughty in it's original form, but i think the beat is good. i've seen far worse songs used in tv commercials over the years, lol.
congrats on being well and truly fully funded, and on being my first sponsored kickstarter project. i can't wait to sprinkle some salt on a nice juicy steak and fry that bad boy up real nice. or use it to add flavor to a pasta dish. the possibilities are endless. for all us australians, or metric users 3 six ounce bags is just over 500 grams of salt, which will last a long time. if you got the $50 reward. i would have loved to do more, but it would be a bit beyond my current budget to go to the states and see the forge. but i hope to see lots of pictures of the nights fun when those events happen. also if you could start to sell this in the supermarket for like $10 a bag i know you will be really kicking commercial butt. i wrote a little ditty for you, if you need a tv advert. go on get on it, shake what angelo gave to us, it goes with any kind of food, yep, it's got the taste to make you crazy...... go on get on it, shake o.s on everything, it has the flavor to make taste buds sing, it's gonna drive your palette crazy...... get on it. best of luck angelo. it seems you have a real winner on your hands. and the o.s in the song is obviously short for omnivore salt, as i thought maybe that could be a nice symbol on smaller packets like at a fast food chain or something. with a picture of a boar and o.s under it. neat and simple, and catches the eye. sincerely, aaron.l i can't remember the name of the song, i remember the tune
do you have any allergy information? i don't want a recipe (and leave your secret ingredient out), but i'd like to know whats in it so i can check against the allergies running in my family so i can decide how much to order. i like that its organic, but make peanuts as organic as you want, but my wife is still allergic to it :). probably there won't be peanuts in your salt, but i've got a list of other stuff to check, and its probably more fruitful for everyone if you made one list then that 40 backers make a list that you'd have to check :) and what is the percentage of salt in the end product? 50%, 70%, 95% or 99%?
congrats on this being a huge success, angelo!  now the hard question - it's often difficult for project creators to meet their original deadlines when they find themselves needing to fulfill many times more orders than they had anticipated.  do you think we'll be able to get our salt in time for christmas?
yeah ! international access :) can't wait to try your wonderful product
$99,999 ... nice :) screenshot taken for the archive ...
most exciting salt ever!!
how much will it cost for more after the kick starter?
congrats angelo! any chance of a salumi stretch goal or being able to purchase some from you?
dear angelo well done on reaching the goal, i was wondering if it might be possible as a stretch coal to make a special version of your salt using the naked sea salt. they are also currently running a campaign, so perhaps you could help each other stretch past the already achieved goal. i look forward to hearing from you concerning this ideas, and i thank you for your time and consideration
i just love the narrators voice! i want to eat a burger king whopper blindfolded while he talks, i think i could imagine it was made by thomas keller.
dear monica, here is the solution to be able to book 2 different pledges for the salumi and wild fennel classes"@monica you can pledge a total of $800 and only select one reward. in the survey that you will receive when the campaign is over you will be able to specify exactly which rewards you want for the amount that you pledged. keep your out for the survey when the campaign ends!" hugs, angelo
hi angelo, i'm interested in both the salumi-making and fennel-foraging pledge bonuses, but i can only select one. would it be possible to create a combined bonus at the $800 level?
angelo, in los angeles i am positive that oaks gourmet will carry your salt.  plus it's near me so i would love that (selfish).  also hopefully the big chains will pick it up, whole foods or gelson's/bristol farms.
hi omnivores!  thank you for this great question from chris rees about how to replenish the omnivore salt once you are getting low. none of us what to be out of omnivore salt! we are working on our website for omnivore salt which will have a shopping cart option you will always be able to place your order directly with us to buy more bags of salt. meanwhile we will be exploring local stores to carry the omnivore salt but this will take a little tim to set up. thanks everyone! angleo
congratulations on meeting your goal!
what is the expected cost for when we eventually run out and want to restock?
it's always uplifting when people turn their passion/expertise into a business.  can't wait to try this!
prof. angelo, thank you for sharing the blessings of your table, your talent, and your family! i am certain that your  project will result in great dishes, many friendships, and probably a few children! i count myself fortunate to assist in your continued success. chi ben comincia è a metà dell'opera. best wishes, lou
this is the one of the most exciting food kickstarters i have ever backed.
