migration to razer forums is horrible.  i sent a message to kahn on the old nextbit forums about 2 weeks ago (which i can't access any longer) in regards to opting out of the beta program and didn't hear back from him. so we now we have no means by which to contact anyone from the original nextbit team post razer acquisition?
this is how you treat your customers???? from kick starters??? after a year of use, the charger won't charge the phone, after all the email. sick and forth, this is your response: "tyler j (nextbit help) apr 1, 7:59 pm cdt hi there, after sending this up for you, it looks like your warranty expired on 02/25/17.  so, at this time there is nothing we are able to do to replace your device for these issues. i wish there was more we could, but at this point we are not able to cover a replacement, since you are out of the warranty period. if you have any other questions or comments, please let me know. " really??? nothing you can do? what if i send in for repair? what about being more helpful and offer a kind solution? this is not the way you handle your customer care! if you can't help your customers, you should tell them" after a year of use, we don't offer any solutions for any problem you may have, you are on your own." i also understand you have a lot going on as a startup, but this is just wrong.. nobody deserves this. tyler j. | razer support https://www.nextbit.com/support
this is what happen when you went around a problem for storage rather than fix the issues.  happy lg g5 and s7 edge owner here.   this reminded me of another phone v2 (vsquare).  as soon as the push back and delay their shipping dates, i promptly canceled.  those chip were outdated even before the phone was being made.
hey, i'm a proud backer of a mint robin. at the beginning i had a problem with the speakers and i email nextbit and they replace my robin in one week (and i'm from outside usa, so quite fast!) now, my robin works perfectly. the design it's awesome, the audio is really good, the screen looks sharp, the battery could be better but it's still good. the overall performance is good. i like the camera, too.  i'm seeing a lot of bad comments. if you have a problem with your robin, contact with nextbit!! that's the first thing you should do, instead of posting a bad comment here!  they have a really good service, at least with me.  this was my first experience in ks and of course it won´t be the last. nextbit is a great an awesome company. proud to be a small part of it.
happy anniversary, nextbit! i am satisfied with the support and communication thru nextbit community. any issues i encountered, were / are being addressed.
honestly, i am very dissatisfied with robin. i had high expectations. the phone looks great. camera is awesome as well. very attractive, but its very slow. the 'phone' app takes a very long time to load. in case of an emergency, i rather walk to the hospital than call 911. the speakers are terrible as well. contacts app is also very very slow. sometimes if you want to watch the video in landscape mode, you can't (have to restart often for that to go through). the main selling point of this phone was the cloud, well that is actually one of the worst in my eyes because i am so misguided about the cloud backup. i want to access my files but i am not sure if this is possible yet. battery is not that great either, it was said that it would last a whole day of normal use, and i don't see that possible (maybe your definition of normal use is different than mine). performance overall is laggy itself. at times, google play will just pause my music without me asking for that. i keep getting a message saying 'in-app billing is not available' not sure what that is. when you have the drop down from the screen (wifi on/off, location, bluetooh etc), top right hand corner i thought was supposed to be your picture (atleast that is how it was in nexus 6 i had), but it takes me to cloud storage. not to mention the exceptionally long time it will take to fix/replace the device in case anything happened to it.i honestly wish i had waited until the reviews came out.
it's not normal at all. the phone is obviously not meant to have a battery life of 60 minutes ago please don't spread misinformation. mine lasts 10+ hours with heavy use, as in constant wifi, bluetooth, connection with smart watch, youtube-watching during commutes,  and lots of notifications. it easily lasts through the day of you use it with some moderation and turn off functions when you don't use them. if your ex only lasts an hour please contact their support. they got me a replacement instantly for just having a scratch on the back and i've only heard positive stories from people who contacted their support.
@vivek it's completely normal my phones battery life is crap as well. don't buy this phone.
@vivek this is not normal at all. there must be somthing wrong with your phone :-/ i would get in contact with nextbits support asap!
this is the worst battery life a phone can have. barely lasts and hour. had the phone on charge till it reached 100%. took it off charge and went to sleep. i woke up to s completely drained battery. pathetic.
i contacted nextbit on chat and asked if the $299 price was in usd or canadian funds. i live in canada. i was told cnd funds so i just ordered the red version. only to find out it's in usd. which adds $100 to the price. i then contacted support within 1 minute of my order to cancel. i am told nextbit does not cancel orders. the phone does not ship for a week and there's no time to cancel. i'm not impressed at all.
my robin has died after about a month. any recourse?
fuck you nextbit. permanent price cut.
well received my phone in india two weeks ago. love the phone so far. but trying to get an extra screen protector or an extra charging cable seems to be a nightmare.
the company disrespects the backers. i will never support them again. i've been asking them to send the bruises case dozen of times since i first received the phone. they did reply to me and said they will send next days, next weeks. until now, i haven't received any apologizes for the dalay. i don't want the case anymore, i want the refund. no more lies. not recommended for the future products of nextbit !
got my robin a few days ago here in india. i have to say the audio quality of the speakers is sub standard. i just can't believe that a tech company would actually send this product out to market and not get crucified. all other features seem fine so far but the speakers completely ruin the overall pluses.
received my robin today and it does not work  the wifi refuse all connection and the sym card from china is refused !!!! since i want them to reinburse me i have no news . i am pissed 500usd in the toilet . what the fuck !!!! seriously
valli: don't give up on ks. ive had some very good experiences, with ironically much cheaper products.
robin was my first kickstarter and probably the last. ordered two phone and got rid of both them. never received the case or special sim tray. bad experience!!
makes no difference which channel we use, the company is disinterested on its customers. have been waiting for extras for months now, and they refuse to refund. a learning experience for sure.
happy to receive my robin in february but i'm still wait fir the bump case ... my smartphone is abyss that do you suggest?
are india backers getting robin?? we are in may, we were promised for feb. 1) when we get?  2) will that be everything in one go, accessories, additional accessories with phone?
got an update and camera still wickedly slow. and yes i'm on the forum.
update:  stop using this for communication and go to the nextbit forum or support at their website.
did my case sim tray, cable ship last week?  please answer with a yes or no.
please update camera very slow and wacky.
still not received extras paid for. appalling.
to nextbit: you said you will give the new software update within this mid april, we are still waiting for it, especially the camera update
@nextbit i received the phone, the tempered glass screen protector, but i have yet to receive the bruises case.
india update please..
@creator i have ordered the tempered glass, but i have not received it yet.
hey guys, sorry for the long delay, our logistics team has let us know that more bruises cases will be shipped this week.
@zane@ loscar@neil@ we will celebrate our anniversary together i will roll into my third month very soon.  no update or regard for us.  i've had the same slippy problem.  love the phone, not the customer care.  i am a very nice person and you folk have used every bit of my kindness.  they could have sent my cable, my sim tray but they sent out bruise case and cables to others month ago.  there is no excuse for me not having my stuff.  i constantly remind nextbit, i was apart of the first round of nextbit supporters.
@nextbit dear nextbit, i lefft my phone down this weekend and scratched big time. i cannot wait anymore for your case ( almost 2 month now!), i bought another case for the robin on amazon. i sent you an email to request a cancellation and refund for my case. please be kind and professional to the backers that have been very patient. accessories like cases are now available on amazon, please accept to refund those that ask for a refund, that's the right "customer" thing to do. thank you.
any updates on india shipping please.. let us know if we are getting robin with all accessories and add ons purchased.
after a few weeks of usage i have put together an article on using a 3rd party launcher with the robin. if anyone is interested check out my blog here: http://www.thetestspecimen.com/nextbit-robin-launcher-review-nova/
please provide an update regarding the cases. after having the phone for a little while, it is already getting dinged. normally i would have put it in a case immediately but am awaiting a its delivery.
yeah, an update on the status of the bruises cases would be nice.  the phone is pretty slick, literally, & i'd like to have the protective case i paid boku bucks for.
charged again y'day.. is it shipped?
started for india? 3rd week april already.. hope everything gets shipped at once, no further delay please..
@nextbit when are you sending the bruises case? do you realize that you have been late for more than 2 months as your promise?
@li-wen i got phone call from 康法 yesterday and the guy said my phone will arrive in two days. perhaps you should call them to check?
still waiting for my bruise case, do we have any update on shipping times?
@li-wen huang & for taiwan bakers : i just got a phone call from commtiva(康法科技) to confirm the shipping information. it's ready to go!
@nextbit i heard delivery to taiwan has been delayed again! can you confirm that for us? because the last update you gave is we will get our robin by end of this week.
finally got my robin! i like it so far.
@taiwan backers - your shipments are going out tonight and will arrive by end of the week.
hey @ioscar and @angelo - for those in the us, the latest news is that we are trying to set up distribution in the us to make the process faster and in doing so, there is a huge shipment that is being held up in us customs which should take about a week or so to clear. so that is why your stuff hasn't arrived yet. we do apologize for the extended delay, but we'll take a look at this to see how quickly it will be resolved and how quickly your stuff will ship.
@ioscar +1
@nexbit...it was kickstarter and we all know it comes with risks... we need to be patient.... it is just that you have exhausted all the reasonable patience you could ask for. this is now unprofessional period....you want to acknowledge that and make us believe you care, refund the cost or give a credit for the items that are still late or that will not arrive before mid april....
@angelo.. i am with you, in the same boat #146, still waiting for the bruise case, sim tray... early adopters should be the ambassadors of the brand, and what nextbit is pushing us to do is to tell other people: " yeah great phone, but there are other great phones in the market, don't go through hassle of buying a phone from nexbit, the phone is not worth it... and forget next kickstart round if any".
8 weeks no bruise case, sim tray, charging cable that i paid for!  the worst part is they have not contacted me or given updates.  people they had cases in and rather than doing the responsible thing which was to send cases to the early supporters who got their phones. they gave it to the latter people so they received all their item while i'm moving into my 9th week of not having what i paid for.  this is wrong because there's no accountability.
guys please give speaker a update.  sound is horrible and volume is so low. i can barely hear anything. my friend complain about sounds quality.
superb.. so at least by april 2016 end i can use my robin.. @india backer
@nextbit i'm still waiting...
@james - we already provided their tracking information. #nextisonitsway
for india and taiwan backers - we're getting very close to finally shipping out your phones! for taiwan, shipments will begin next week with electric slightly behind mint and midnight. for india backers, that will happen closer to the 3rd week of april.
@seth - please contact us at support@nextbit.com to get your address changed!
@stephane i believe it is being changed to #nextlater
hello, i'm going to be moving in may. how do i change the address to have this shipped to? thank you! best regards, seth
any luck for india backers yet??
personally i would have been content with nextbit if they delayed shipping till the camera was fixed and orders could be shipped complete, as it is now i'm just disgruntled.
we're wednesday. so far no tracking number. the customer support agent doesn't even reply to my messages anymore. what should i do. this situation is getting ridiculous day after day. this is the worst customer service experience of my life. i had better treatment from comcast (the benchmark in horrible customer service). at least communicate and give me updates, i provided my phone number numerous times, no one contacted me. my advices is that sometimes great recovery in bad customer service is to acknowledge verbally and honestly that you did wrong. i don't even have the energy to bash you guys, i don't even have the will to curse at you. i'm just going to take the abuse, the stress of that situation. i swear that if i don't get my devices before the end of april. i'll dump your scamming brand in the trash. just to play i'll order a phone from your web store and count the days. in may i'll make sure i buy an iphone se and a samsung edge 7. you see right now i'm using a oneplus 2 and that company messed up their launch too, they were upfront and apologised for it. nextbit: ���� #nextnow don't believe the hype
they said the robins for taiwan backers will be shipped by april 9(but not necessarily with all the accessories), let us wait and see if they can keep their words this time.  @nextbit i've contacted the support team for changing my shipping address and alternative contact as i won't be there to collect it. the support team said they will forward the message to the order management team and i haven't hear from any of them ever since, i believe it's rather important because it will be shipped in days and i'm not sure if you update my shipping info or not at this moment. please give me at least a reply or confirmation. backer #2385.
could you please give us backer in taiwan some updates about shipment?
i got package installer stop when i install apk
@nextbit, about when do we get out bruise casing for our phone, i'm really looking forward to it
@nextbit ....similar question than @james r.   could you update us on the accessories that have not shipped, i am missing the scratches case and special sim....the case is the real problem. thank you.
robin made a "best smartphone for every need" (on the rest list): http://gizmodo.com/the-best-smartphone-for-every-need-1718136855
love my phone!
@nextbit any updates on what is going on with accessories  (not) shipping?
is there any news about delivery to malaysia?
@nextbit i am a u.s. backer still waiting for my scratches case, screen protector, and special sim tray. any news would be great! it has been over a month.
@nextbit i still have yet to receive a phone. i am waiting for mine. i have contacted support. you responded fast till you found out i don't have my phone then just stopped responding. what is happening?!?!
thank you nexbit. i've been using it for two weeks now and it's great!
@nextbit team,  send email to hi@nextbit.com on mar 9 regarding the scratches case issue and other incomplete accessories. i know your team are very busy, but almost a month without any reply. may i know what's
hi just got debited of 40usd and still no phone and 40usd ? what is it ? no idea . guys please informed us
think i missed it can anyone update me on the bruises case please , paid over a month ago and nothing ??
following the march update strangely my microphone headphones issue has fixed itself.  it looks like it was a software glitch after all! :d
hey could you please give us backer in taiwan some updates about shipment while being busy with software update? it's frustrating to keep waiting day after day without any news. feel like fool...
@darren, we are looking at the 2nd half of april for that update. as you may have seen, the camera is much much faster.
whatever this march update did... my camera seems much better than it was. its quicker but not quick enough. also battery is dying a lot quicker than previous. feels a bit more sluggish and my antutu has also dropped nearly 10,000... from 63,421 to 55,297... hope the april update comes quick and fixes battery, camera and performance issues. i love the design and idea of this phone, but so far after 2 weeks, im not really that pleased with it...
there is no reply even query the shipping situation. it's capable that can not be trusted as a company.
@y'all - the camera update is in april. please read here: https://community.nextbit.com/t5/announcements/what-s-new-in-march-and-april-updates/m-p/12207#u12207
@cuong that's disappointing, i thought the camera would be the number one priority for the update
just got the new update from android, no improvement for the camera. f**king slow
paraphrase of nextbit update on bruises cases and other phone accessories i received today: "april fools!  we really meant to say will ship by april 16 not march 19!"  :)
@noriaki have you tried leaving on charge for 30 minutes or so before trying to start it? some people have noted that their plug wasn't in correctly and their phone was dead by morning. if the battery is very dead it won't start even if it's is plugged in until the battery gets some power back.
hello, i'm japanese backer. my robin has shut down with "shutting down" message this early morning, around 4am-jst. after that, the phone unable to power-on even connecting charger. i once removed sim card, it's also same. long press the power button, nothing displayed on the screen. how can i do for checking or rebooting the phone? the phone still installing, it's able to do factory reset.
@giacomo cetorelli hopefully a camera update!?
hello , iam hong kong backer. i got my phone last 3 weeks, but missing the quick charger g (uk), screen protector - tempered glass, and sim tray - gold. when can i get it?
good news! my led lights are flashing melodically and there appears to be a system wide update downloading!
after using the phone for a month i am somewhat disappointed by the camera. it is very slow and consistently over exposes and usually blows out any white or light brown objects with even the slightest amount of light. the battery is also very poor, and my phone has been dead by 3:30 everyday for the past week. nextbit has said they are working on the situation but it has been very frustrating. i am hoping nextbit can solve these issues to improve the experience. thanks!
@yuji ono unfortunately instead of turning ks backers into ambassadors for nextbit i believe they have succeeded in frustrating us to the point of anger and sometimes even open hostility.  on the bright side i'm very thankful i'm not a ubik uno backer.
bacerkit status is ready to ship. why not delivered? im very angry. my backer no#4542
@testspecimen +1 on the pics
great job test! thank you
hi guys and girls, i have finally received my electric robin. received it on my birthday too, unbelievable timing! if anyone is interested i have put up some pictures and an unboxing on my blog here: http://www.thetestspecimen.com/nextbit-robin-smartphone-kickstarter-edition/ i got a few accessories with mine too (very special sim tray (gold), scratches frost case, fog bumps case, glass screen protector and quick charger) so if you want to see any of those take a look! i hope you get your phone soon if you haven't already! will post some updates once i've used the phone a bit more.
@krish and other indian backer....i had mail conversation with nextbit team, shankar (engg manager at nextbit)mailed me this:we are given a 10 days window of between apr 10th and 20th for bis approval. i will let you know as soon as we have more finer timelines. we are trying to setup meet ups for india backers sometime in april. will let you know as soon as we have finalized the meet up dates. apologies for the delay in getting the bis approvals and hoping to meet you soon.
@jonny with the delays, i tried asking for a refund before my robin shipped but was told it was "too late to ask for a refund"
hi guys!  received my robin couple of weeks ago and i am so far very glad with it. just wanted to leave that comment here just to thank you all for the amazing work! only little thing is the battery life, thats not so long (around 30-35 hours).  the piece looks great, performs excellent, and fits perfectly my needs!  greets from a greek that lives in austria!
@jonny, all backer units (aside from cdma, india, taiwan & beneluex) were supposed to have shipped. although they did mention that they're reducing the number of shipments per person, if you ordered any extras that are delayed (e.g. bruises case), that may be the reason for your delay. in my case, i got the phone, case and shirt, but my charger, sim tray and cable are still pending because there were issues with the cable.
were they supposed to send all backers in u.s already because i'm an electric backer from san francisco and i haven't received a tracking number, has my phone been lost since non backers are receiving them already. i just want to know what the status of the phone since i thought it was supposed to be shipped this month now closing march and i'm worried that the phone was forgotten. i wouldn't want to ask for a refund but i guess i'll wait another month to see what happens.
@james, no, i didn't get the chance to speak with them as nextbit is located on the ninth floor.
@giacomo did they have any updates to share with us at hq?
i am at nextbit hq in the beacon suites.
hey guyzz... its been tooooooo late..atleast you should provide some updates about shipping to india..you are just telling that there are no updates yet..its almost 1 month you are telling the same..you should find some alternatives for this issue.. i was an early backer...even the pre ordered guys are enjoying their robin and we early backers are sitting idle..do you think its fair..?? we were quiet throughout the campaign..but now its too late..high time it is..cannot resist myself from posting this..i know you guys would have many other things to handle with..but in the end we are suffering..atleast we should gain something in the end..like some discounts or offers..otherwise it will be waste of time for us..i am posting this on behalf of all indian backers..i am sure everyone will be as frustrated as i am..please please do something for us...!!!
ive used my phone now for something like two weeks and not a scratch on it.  ginger prints yes but no scratches.  my cat even tried to chew it and not a mark!  what ever material you used it is very scratch resistant thank you nextbit!
@nextbit an error message in red reads "fingerprint hardware not available". i can still use the sensor to unlock my phone, it does still work but sometimes it wont vibrate at all and show the message. could this be a hardware defect or a software bug?
i meant to say "hot". �
to add to giacomo's observation, i also noticed that the robin becomes hit whenever i do updates from the play store.
@nextbit - but all not my problem, you guys told me that your team lose my order, suppose that the shortest distance but longest delivery time.
@nextbit @angelo i totally agree with you.   they try screw all of us the early adopter,  5 weeks now still no case no screen protector and no special sim tray
@nextbit i  glad you are looking into it, thanks so much for your hard work.
@giacomo - thanks for lettings us know, we think we know the cause of that and are looking into it. @mm - i know how frustrated you are. we're doing our best to fulfill all the backer units, but there have been issues with bad addresses, bad credit cards, among other shipment problems that we're trying to resolve. @casualt - battery life is subjective and depends on your usage. for instance, our team was able to squeeze out over 5 hours of screen on time on light/medium usage. and lasted the whole day: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php… @james r. - we're looking to ship bruises out as soon as we can. we don't have an exact eta but we've heard that bruises has been ramped up for production and should be going out to backers. will get more details soon. @ajit, sorry - but we don't have an update just yet for india, we're still working it out. @angelo - we don't intend to screw anyone over and will deliver those items to you as soon as they are available. we are doing our best to reduce piecemeal shipments and know that we're behind. keep hanging in there.
@james r.  i received my phone 5 week ago and never used it.  i never got my bruise case, special sim tray extra cable.  i was trying not to post on in these comment sections anymore because i complain about the negative vibe. i was sending private message to nextbit but now i'm just mad.  so the cases for the bruise did arrive and rather than sending one to me. i'm apart of the early group that was suppose receive their phones didn't receive my accessories.   they sent all of the case to the last people to receive their phones.  i'm sure it was to save on shipping.  so now the bruise cases are back ordered.  i have an issue where i have to have my things in it's proper order "new phone must be in case" "new phone must be in proper case". another issue is nextbit inform new owners they nano sims and order your stuff before your phone arrives. i have a  new robin that has never been used, yet. your warranty is in effect when you can't even uses your phone.  i can't have nano sim and micro sim active on straight talk at the same time.  so nextbit has screwed me over.   can't use phone without protective case.  never have i in the past used my phone without case and will not break my own rule for robin! case situation should have been resolved before phone introduction.  james you are lucky not to have your phone.
@james r nothing here for brusies case. canada
@saeed i'm not certain which is worse waiting for the phone or waiting for the case so i can make use of it.  i think i would have preferred to delay my order until it could ship complete.
nextbit where is my accessories already over one months since i received my phone
can you guys tell when india backers would receive? we were to receive by feb 2016..
people are receiving tracking numbers for their accessories now and i haven't even got a tracking number for my robin. nextbit?
how many people have received tracking information for bruises cases that were to ship out on 3/19?  i just checked my fedex account, nothing here.
@muhammad, i got my phone (plus accessories in box, e.g. cable, sim-tray tool), shirt and scratches case. still waiting for my screen protector, quick charger, extra cable and special sim tray.
the other day, robin is arrived at hand. thank you very much. however, the case that i asked in the pre-order backers, in i film is present is locked saga, it does not come at hand. what time become the time? # 4210
the other day, robin is arrived at hand. thank you very much. however, the case that i asked in the pre-order backers, in i film is present is locked saga, it does not come at hand. what time become the time? # 4210
battery life is terrible no doubt about it. took off charger 2 hrs ago and have 53% left.
i really tired on wait, wait and wait. every reply just told me wait and every deadline make me disappointed. in-fact those supporting team just work like robot even chat with you online. their sounds you are so important but words without heart. for the backer who living at the other side of the planet, i have to stay unit 2:00 am to wait for somebody online in the supporting center, but your guys just still drop me official answer. nextbit, you are doing global business, please take care backer all around the world, my delivery schedule was behind over a month, could anybody do something which take-care those peoples you call "important" when enjoying bbq or celebrating party.
@ktt, not very heavy user, but i did take a lot of pics. it also seems that there may have been something running that wasn't supposed to as the phone randomly got really hot in my pocket after being asleep for a good half hour.
hi @all. been wondering if any backers from asia (singapore) have already received their pledges including cases, screen protectors, chargers, etc. nextbit's last update on ks was on 15th march, any news of how any longer to receive the remaining pledged items?
@giacomo give the battery time to settle. are you a heavy user?
its 2:48 and my robin is already at 13% battery.
there is no news about my 2 robins yet, not even a tracking number or a notification saying that i have to wait this long.  please nextbit look into this.
@nextbit any tracking number updates for accessories shipping?  thanks.
hi i did not received any updates , no telephone yet . leaving in thailand and requested to be shipped in france . thanks
loving my robin!! taking a vacation to san francisco soon and hope to visit hq to take my picture in front of it :) any word on scratches/ screen protector for u.s. backers?  thanks for any info you may have.
hey next bit does my robin support hdmi output in any capacity? if not, will it soon? thanks!
im baker. not be shipped, no e-mail reply. buy the iphone. bye.
@hyui - we'll look into this for you! thanks so much for being so patient.
hey nextbit, same here. no updates on my shipment... us backer....
@mariana - we'll look into this for you. sorry for the delay - we really appreciate your support!
still no news on my robin :( have been in contact multiple times and still no news. i'd really like my robin now. (early canadian backer mint)
@lum wai - sorry for the delay it seems like the warehouse might be observing good friday, but we hope to get shipments out soon. @ajit - we're still working to resolve the issues in india
when could i have my hands on my robin? india backer..
another disappointed day. no news update for my shipment, really nothing can your guys do?
yesterday, i received the "electric". i really like in had imagined color!! the certification of japan's technical standards was worried also was relieved because it was obtained. i'm grateful to the quick response!!
@esther "robin is protected under a one-year warranty that covers everything except physical damage."  if the screen hasn't been physically damaged why isn't it covered under warranty?
@esther @nextbit what is covered under warranty?
mine (midnight) came a few days ago. thoughts: - it's really not midnight coloured, it's grey. looks lovely, but nothing like the photos, there's no blue there at all; - the volume buttons are horrible to use and hard to find; - the lowest volume the phone can go (at least when playing music) is still really quite loud, this is annoying; - same for brightness; - at the highest volume, the sound gets a bit tinny; - battery seems pretty decent to me, although better wouldn't have hurt. it's good enough, nothing more; - why where there so many boxes in the main shipment? - still waiting for my bruises case, also ordered a screen protector a few days ago, hopefully that'll come soon. both shipping and the item itself are rather expensive though; everything else i'm perfectly happy with! it's a great phone, and i'm pleased i backed it. design should be proud (although fire your logistics people, seriously, poor show). @jose valenzuela we didn't hit 1.5mil. 100gb should last a while, although i reckon there should eventually be some way to increase that, hopefully.
i received the phone and the lcd screen blacked out on me in 3 weeks.  i didn't drop the phone, didn't scratch the screen but they claim that such damage is not covered under the 1 year warranty.  so please everyone, be careful as the phone is pretty fragile.  my screen blacked out on me when i put it to charge one day. enjoy your phones while they last.
i received everything and i love it! i just miss my blackberry hub ;-)
my robin arrived @tokyo japan. this is very cute. i have not yet experienced the failure of robin. thank you :-)
hi team, i won't like to share unhappy thing in public, but i feel really very upset. i am from hong kong, which backed a mint gsm and est. delivery on feb 2016 from the begin of march, i asking for my shipments every weekend by kickstarter messages system, and get the model answer " we'll have information regarding shipments later today!" , so i trust it, and wait for another week. few disappointed day pass, at the end of next week, i drop another question for my shipments, i have got another lovely answer "hi there, i just looked up your order and it's ready to ship. please note we are rolling out shipments all this week and through the weekend. we will send over a tracking number as soon as we have it. thanks for your patience—almost there :)" so i should wait again with no choose. on the another disappointed week i drop another question and this time i have got follow answer: " orders to asia shipped out last week and over the weekend. go ahead and contact us at help@nextbit.com for more info. or you can reach our support team at: https://help.nextbit.com/hc/en-us/requests/new" for me, paid all my patience and hope it really shipped over the weekend and of course my hand still empty. this time, i send email to helpdesk email, also live chat, but i got another shocking answer which they left my order. acturlly the logistic team was in hong kong, normally hong kong people and style can sove this problem in minutes but now, for a single question i have to wait a day because hong kong and sf/austin was in the opposite side of the planet, any message only can pass night to day. my case was open on 21/3 morning and upto now i still got nothing even a tracking number. could somebody tell me what can i do other than wait? why can't let us contact logistic team locally but make any message passing around the world and toke me 24 hours? come on, this is now 2016, any information passing around the world only in micro second but you guys working style toke me back to 1996.
@yuji - hi! we're working on getting your order shipped, but it looks like that due to the holiday in hk it may not get shipped out this week.
hey everyone, i hope someone can help me. i bought a usb c to hdmi cable to plug my robin into a tv but nothing comes up on the screen. is there any setting on the phone i need to turn on for it to work? thanks in advance!
@sean and @martin, you guys are right. my mistake. i am very sorry.
hi, im ks backer. please send a tracking code. #4542 thank you.
@nextbit, i had pressed and hold onto an app icon (reuters) and i released my finger. its missing now. where it would be>?  but its not uninstalled !
i have installed around 20apps and it takes 1 min and 5 seconds to load into robin os. is there a way to restart? i couldnt find. there is just power off
@nextbit yes please how long for bruises ? my corner is already chipped and phone has been looked after immaculately!!!
@nextbit any confirmation of bruises cases shipping on 3/19 per update #28?
@tdjesus well mine are currently stuck in custom clearance. i live in norway, so things are certainly being moved, but i have gotten no sign of the phone itself though :(
hello, i've been out for a while, but not sure if this has already been asked. have the remaining items started shipping (i.e. quick charger, screen protector, sim tray, etc). apologies if this has already been asked an answered recently.
@jose all backer have just 100gb
how does the special sim ship?  fedex?  nothing has shown up in fedex manager for me.  maybe they ship it some other method as it's so small and light?
@jose you didn't get enough friends to back robin to hit the goal so we didn't get the extra storage. :)
@jose because we did not reach 1,5 mil.
stretch goal 2: at $1.5 million, all backers get 129gb of cloud storage. i only see 100gb on mine. am i doing something wrong? did i miss something i need to do in order to get the 129gb of cloud storage?
my cable doesn't give a high current like the generic ones that i got, in other words, my the charge with the original cable it's just too slow.
hi, nextbit. my package is now under clearance delay. anyway unknown delay has been solved, thanks.
@nextbit i got a tracking number, finally! my parcel arrived fedex destination sort facility in tokyo. thanks rebel hq!
hi, nextbit. my package seems stacking at china. never seen such messages, do you have any idea? 22/03/2016 - tuesday 06:17	shipment exception		guangzhou cn  delay beyond our control 05:38	departed fedex location		guangzhou cn  04:26	in transit
@nextbit heya, so when you are saying asia are you saying australasia? would love to know an eta for australia.
hey rebels in japan, many of you have received tracking numbers today! check your mail!
@all have you checked out the official nextbit community yet? nextbit.com/community some accessories are backordered and we will send them out as soon as we have them back in stock. we'll be sure to keep the community updated. also more tracking numbers are being sent out today (mostly in asia and sprinkles of orders across the us and europe). we will continue to roll out shipments through out the week and we will send tracking number as soon as we get them. thanks for your patience. @frederick yes, it's safe to keep quick charger on overnight.
@benjamin chambers - glad it worked for you. i couldn't do it on my 2012 toyoto camry hybrid xle. nextbit couldn't fix it; at least yet. when i sync, the audio comes from the car speakers. but no sync of contact or messages. no control of tracks from the car.
@valli i was able to sync my to my 2013 sonata though it took a couple of tries but it works great now
@nextbit it is monday out there. please update shipping information for buckers from japan.
is anyone able to connect a robin to their car audio using bluetooth; particularly 2012 toyoto models?
@frederick: my quick charger has been plugged in since i got the thing, and the house is still standing. :)
@angelo, i'm sure if a moderator finds it 'disrespectful' to post that i've got one for sale on ebay, then they'll delete the post.
hello robin, i was wondering if you had a delivery eta for australian backers?
@nextbit where do we download the robin system image from? (like you would with a nexus device) just curious if i ever try cm when it's available and want to go back to stock
early bird electric robin finally got to "clearance in progress". i do hope it will go smoothly and i will receive my robin before i leave for the easter break!
is it safe for the quick charger to be plugged in overnight?
@nextbit i have a question about the remaining items to be shipped. just want to make sure the entire order hasn't been forgotten! :)
haven't gotten any info. when will we get the tracking?
@nick you are not the only one. along with me there are 3-4 others who are still waiting, even though it was claimed that all us electrics have been shipped. i got an email today that they are looking into why some people never got their electric. keeping my fingers crossed.
am i the only one that hasn't gotten anything? (gsm electric) i haven't even gotten an email for tracking. it seems like everyone else has their phone already. i'm not getting angry, just angsty...
many thanks to robin and team. i received my phone on 18th mar and i see it as the right time for me to receive it. because it's my birthday today :) thanks @nextbit :)
you know it the iphone has been around for what 12 years or so?  robin  been around 3 weeks?  i find myself upset about my accessories not arriving but i will defend nextbit's team.  also let's remember a iphone between $750 to $850?  hopefully many of the issues with disappear through software updates.  we are smart educated people and thinking that this new company is going to hit the apple benchmark on day one is crazy.  nextbit we know that you are working hard to correct and all mishaps.  people remember yes we wanted our phones and we felt we had our hard earned money at steak.  nextbit company is on the line and we don't need to tell them that they need to correct phone issues they are in a sink or swim situation.  i believe these guys are going to fly with this.  i'm sure there millions more at risk then out 1.5 million via kickstarter.  i also think if you just post it to ebay and not report it here we all will feel a little better. it would also be respectful to all parties.  thanks.
guys, just flagging up that if anyone is not a ks backer that you know who would like a robin, my midnight is for sale on ebay. won't bore you with the details, but sticking with iphone for now (after all that wait etc!). uk buyers only, starting at £190: http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/262344088168…
@ian, i agree 100% with your description of the phone.
got my robin on wednesday. quick highlights based on my limited time with it: pros: - crisp screen - zippy performance - form factor. showed it to a guy at t-mobile (as i was transferring my old phone to my daughter), and he was impressed. - marshmallow! lovin' me some google on tap! - fingerprint scanner is fantastic. - bluetooth is solid. the bluetooth on my htc one m8 was kind of flaky. - quick charge charges quick. meh: - decent call quality and sound at regular volumes. nothing exciting. - vibration is a bit weak. - mediocre battery life. for my first full test of battery life, i unplugged it at 5am. normal use all day. at 5pm i was at 15% and going fast. - fingerprint magnet. - poor placement for the notification light (underneath) instead of on the front face. - would prefer more access to quick toggles in dropdown screen instead of going to settings (e.g., can't quickly get to nfc). yes, i know there are apps for this, just sayin'. room for improvement: - almost immediately switched over to nova launcher. no app drawer and pinch-to-see widgets are a failed experiment, imho. - mint on white text is very difficult to read. allow for color options, please. - camera takes a minute to open. this is already being addressed, so i'm in wait-and-see mode for the april update before i look into other camera app options. - cannot easily block numbers. someone in the forums stated to do this through texting, but that's a really roundabout way of doing it, and doesn't work for unknown numbers. - phone can (but not always) get really hot playing high intensity graphics games (e.g. crossyroad). - speakers get really tinny at high volumes. i've always read this as a description in reviews, but never heard it from a phone myself until this one. tbd: - haven't tried nfc yet, but plan to. hopefully it's as much of an improvement over my m8 as bluetooth was! - cloud storage. i haven't actually seen it in action yet.
@angelo i did the basic setup to make certain it worked then put it back in the box.  i would suggest you do the same in case you have some other rma obvious rma issue.
received the robin almost a month ago, still no sign of scratches case or screen protector. us, early backer. should i expect them soon?
@creator nextbit - i've connected nexus 5, 6, 6p, and oneplus 1 and they all function the same way. none of them ever displayed the album art on my 2012 camry xle. they all sync call history, contacts, and messages. i am pretty sure that the robin didn't sync contacts and messages.
@valli - http://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/car-techs-guide-to-using-your-android-phone-in-the-car/ - for your issue does that happen with other android devices?
@creator nextbit - unfortunately i don't have android auto on my car. i connect using bluetooth. but it only delivers audio through car speakers. i can't change tracks, pause, or stop using car's controls. when i switched to a different mode on the car audio e.g. radio, the player on the phone keep playing the music.
@valli - you should be able to connect via bluetooth or android auto.
@vipin - sorry we don't have an update on india yet, but we expect that it should be resolved by end of the month. @angelo - people should be getting their bruises and tempered glass protector soon. since bruises production ramped up, we're hoping that it comes by end of next week.
got my robin!!   it's awesome!
@mustafa i received my screen protractor in my phone shipment. so far i'm not using it or the scratches case. i hate screen protectors and cases especially on such a great looking phone!  i'll see how this gorilla glass stands up compared to my galaxy s3 that never had a screen protector and still only has one very faint scratch.
i hope the 30 day return policy doesn't apply me or anyone else who has not gotten my case. i haven't even fired the phone up.  i couldn't tell you anything about phone
@john louie - maybe the adaptive brightness is on. go to setting and then display if you wan to turn it off.
has anyone else had an issue where the screen is kind of dim in the sunlight, but works just fine otherwise?
@all: has anyone got their tempered glass screen protector yet?
@nextbit: what is the status on indian backers???? plz give a positive update...this wait time is killing....aftr hearing ur cdma withdrawal, scared that  where u vl provide such update tat cant ship to indian backers nd all....plz dont plan fr such updates....we need robin! awaiting positive reply
@angelo i'm also hoping to get my bruises case soon so i can test out my robin before the 30 day return period runs out.
we still have not heard about shipment of bruise cases, tempered glass and extra charge cable and special sim case.  when will i receive my items.  it's over 3 weeks i've had my phone.
@pierce if you have chromecast it should work.
dumb question, can my robin output too tv? never done it with any of my previous phones but wanna try it with the robin! if i can what cord will i need to purchase. thanks!
check out this review someone posted in this discussion a while ago. i didn't know about the burst mode in camera until i watch this video. https://youtu.be/vkqya-wcrdq
@nextbit - no i don't use android auto. i guess it is only if you have android on your auto; am i wrong?
usa, 2nd shipment, electric colorway phone, frost protective case and special sim tray.  still missing the longer cable i ordered at the end of kickstarter.  short stock cable for me is going to end up in car for charging there.  i need the longer cable for charging next to my chair on my end table. i hate asking, but are those due to usa backers by a certain date @nextbit? @paul kim i noticed this too, not that fast, but i may have been at the outer rim of my perimeter, so i'm not sure yet.
@nextbit @backers it's a real shame for those affected by cancellations of robins for some.  i was almost in same boat as nearly opted for a cdma version, for coverage reasons, but at last moment decided to stay with gsm.  it is an awesome phone, got mine on tuesday, and got confused with the startup screen being home screen, but figured it out after resetting to factory settings and starting over.  when i realized it was a startup followed by entering passcode all was good.  pros: i first liked the super fast nfc copying, the screen is very crisp, speakers adequate, call quality is good, it took to my ting sim without changing any settings just fine.  haven't used camera much yet (pictures only for opo to sale), but used as a mini tv to watch a little march madness (no battery issues - only streaming, which i think were fault of the feed and stretching my wifi perimeter).  oh, the quick charger is awesome and so is surfing and moving around between apps (compared to an opo).  opo up for sale (usa only) swappa.  was going to keep it for a spell to make sure, but i'm sold on robin after 3 days of use.  con: camera shutter lag; which is supposed to be addressed in an update. i know some cdma users are kinda screwed due to coverage, if not i suggest you consider a gsm on the many mnvo's.  i use ting, this month is under $38 for two phones (note: one is used very little for anything).
the charging cable is very small in length! am i the only person who's worrying about :)
@nextbit - received my robin(hood) status on friday evening. it's super cool. quite efficient. i don't see the startup is that fast. but it's looks to b better than few other android  phones. i need the top 10 or 20 tips & trucks to keep the phone faster and efficient. can anyone provide the consolidation of robin tips? :) and, my charger seems to b defective. so i had mail the support with pictures. many thanks. now need to start working on custom features such as launchers and stuff. it's been more than 3.5yrs since i had used an android :).. when can we get the update on softwares and camera?
is anyone else have problems with the device dropping wifi? mine can't seem to stay connected to a network for more than like 2 minutes....
@joshua - glad you love robin, and we hope others will too! @valli - do you connect via bluetooth, or do you use android auto?
@angelo - https://www.youtube.com/watch…
nextbit team i know you have a lot on your plates.  please produce videos for youtube on how to uses the robin and its features and functionality.  apple 6s has the hard press feature that most users know nothing about.  so similarly users will know realize all the features the robin has to offer.
probably not the time to ask but, anyone ever catch wind of what other cloud features nextbit might work on?
also, t-shirt is dope, and for the first time in my life enjoyed reading the instructions, very entertaining. unfortunately the screen protector that came with it got dust and grit on it as i was applying it, but i'm sure amazon has some more.
received my phone today. absolutely awesome! fast, efficient, and gorgeous colour (electric) and nova launcher works well with it. the fingerprint sensor is super fast as well, which i was originally worried about. absolutely no complaints from me. well worth the wait. thanks @nextbit! working at best buy, i had tons of coworkers ask me what the heck my phone was; it's definitely a stand out phone!
it's. so. awesome! it's still setting up but midnight looks amazeballs! feels great in the hand and i love it so far! need to go get a sim card later but so far so good. scratches case is nice. haven't pot it on yet i'm still admiring the naked colour! thanks @creator!
thanks, nextbit. i love the instant responses. i'll certainly try the instructions. but how about connecting with car audio. i drive 600 miles a week. i can't live with out it.
@valli - there are specific steps to pinning apps in a 3rd party launcher, but it is still possible and greying still occurs in nova...i know because i use it :). if you want to know more about how to pin: in nextbit home, open smart storage and tap on the build version to enable the debug mode, then enable smart storage in launcher. then switch to nova. in the app drawer launch the smart storage app and then you'll have the pin apps option...and you can pin all the apps from a list.
powerschool is an app available from playstore. i can't blame robin without through knowledge. but it worked on nexus 5, 6, 6p and oneplus 1. i understand that greyed icons only when i run out of space and certainly it didn't happen yet. but i was saying that i wasn't able to pin app on nova launcher. i guessed that the greying will not happen on the nova launcher either. was i wrong? i personally didn't enjoy two layers. honestly it is really nice phone. maybe it is not for me. i have few problems with 6p as well.
@feefee - www.nextbit.com! @amami - we're still fulfilling lots of accessory orders @howfuken - hit us up at support@nextbit.com
@valli - tell us more about powerschool. you only see greyed icons if you run out of space on the phone and begin using the cloud. you can pin an app via smart storage settings. if you're using nova then you can use widgets like normal. in robin's launcher, you have widgets on the 2nd layer. too bad you moved on to a nexus 6p, but it sounds like you should give robin a more in depth try? :)
this is my writing the second time in this discussion. those who are still waiting for the phone will be mad at me but the cdma backers will be relieved. i am the early adapter pledged for two gsm phones from us. i got both phones nearly 4 weeks ago with 2 day interval. by the time i received the tracking, i already received one phone, charger, and the t-shirt. i yet to receive my case. i didn’t use the phone for two weeks. i don’t use naked phones; always use case and screen protector. i had purchased robin’s screen protector from ebay back in november. i purchased fosman clear case from ebay at $3.99 which is really nice. while i was waiting for the robin i switched from nexus 6 to 6p. robin is really nice looking light phone. display is great. i am really happy with the camera and reception (calls and radio). but it doesn’t fully connect with my car audio. i couldn’t control tracks from the car (2012 camry xle). it doesn’t display tracks. if i switched to radio in the car, the music keep playing on the phone. i don’t remember seeing contacts or messages on the car display either. i contacted nextbit but they don’t have a solution other than asking me to reset the car audio; their response was fast. i couldn’t log in to an app called powerschool (check my kids attendance and grades). i hate the home screen. if i use nova launcher, i don’t see graying out unused apps nor can i pin an app. robin’s own launcher’s home screen has oversized icons and no way i can put widgets along with apps. unfortunately i moved on to nexus 6p with chroma rom.
um.. i've just been shouted at by my co-workers because they all want me to ask you where they can get a robin now that the kickstarter is over...  please tell me this exists otherwise i will need to chain my phone to my body so it isn't "permanently borrowed".
i freaking love my phone!  i couldn't wait for my case... i had to get my stick fingers all over it and i love it!  its amazing and simple but you can do so much!  i'm totally and completely in love and i hope this will be a regular thing and there will be a robin 2 or whatever i'm totally sold!
@angelo  second that !! :)
@angelo - same here, waiting for my bruises before the phone comes out of the box
i'm very excited to get my tempered glass, extra cable and my case.  my phone has been out of the box once 2 and a half weeks ago for 10 minutes.  i'm the type if i don't have a case i don't use my phone.  i'm excited to uses the phone but i can't shutdown my current phone to try the robin out.  i was a super early adopter. please update the  accessories shipment.  is shipment happening today from hong kong?
it's here!  i mean there! at my house!  must. get. home! 2 airplanes to go!
hello rebels, i just received my unit today. i've not turned it on as of yet but pictures don't do justice. it looks and feels amazing. great work. uk backer - electric.
backed for two chargers and only got one.
@nextbit  i am still waiting for my scratch case, temper glass and sim tray.  when do you start ship this out to me.
@darren: hello from across the ditch! i just received my robin as well and the touchscreen is just fine! i think it's your screen protector mate. personally i don't use one - gorilla glass is pretty awesome for everyday scratches, but for drops and such, it's best to simply use a case. pretty happy with my robin so far. thanks nextbit for a job well done. :)
@nexbit any confirmation of update #28/are bruises cases starting to ship today?  thanks.
@nextbit i just received my unit and i'm already having trouble with my unit. i ordered a electric edition and the speakers sounds as though they are damaged. they are producing a lot of static i'm not sure whether  is a software bug or hardware issue. can i have an email to send the sample recording to?
@peter - http://giphy.com/gifs/star-wars-goodbye-movie-10qbzby3kkaw36 farewell.
farewell to all . .  regardless of what, enjoy your robin, mine arrived today gsm version.  this is my last posting before moving forward with my divorce from kickstarter.com!  peace, over and out!!!
@dominick - when you first turn on the device and put your apps on it and have signed into smart storage, the first sync drains battery. however, after a couple of days you'll begin to notice that it'll charge faster. give it time.
quick charge is not working. i'm using the charger that came with the phone and a quick charge 2.0 that i have at home and it's not charging fast
hey rebels, we know you have a lot of questions regarding switching to gsm from cdma, what if you don't have the same credit card during purchase, and how to return things. our team is figuring that stuff out and we want to make things as simple as possible for everyone. we've already processed the refunds, for the most part, and you'll be credited to your accounts within several days. @kaspar - that's on fedex, not sure why they didn't deliver yet. @annie55 - we're really trying to prevent any extra payments or stuck shipments @gail - if you bought bruises, we're expecting it to be shipped in 1-2 weeks @johnny - we're still waiting on some more tracking numbers. i'm sorry you've had to wait so long, but you'll love your robin when you get it @thomas - please contact support@nextbit.com for more info on returns @a.s. - we don't have plans for cdma at all at this point. but who knows what the future holds? @copperkid - we're trying to figure out how to process that for you.
@nextbit it was supposed to read.
@really everything about your shipment fails hard. fedex was supposed to deliver today until 6pm. i took the day off. it is 10:30pm now, fedex didn't show up. the tracking page still states that it will deliver today. dilettante.
speedy and efficient response from nextbit regarding my query earlier today re fedex wanting me to pay a sales tax plus their 'advancement fee' on my shipment. a bit odd because i'd received the phone some time before they sent the invoice. anyway, there is definitely no extra to pay to receive robins in the uk and nextbit contacted fedex on my behalf.
hi!  have been using my lovely electric robin and am just so glad i participated in this ks!  the very special gold sim holder is very special indeed, nice touch. even the tshirt is the right size :-) thanks nextbit for all the hard work, keep it up.
i did not receive the protective case with my shipment. thank you.
@jonny there are at least 3 others from the us who have not gotten their electric, that i know off.
electric gsm backer from sf here is it true that  all kickstarter backers have shipped because i haven't received any tracking number for the phone. are there still others without tracking numbers?
@nextbit what is the process for returning the cases? i bought two just to try them out; turns out i really like the bumps case, and not so much the scratches case.
got my electric robin today! (perth, australia) its a beauty! tho, im a little concerned. has anyone had issues with the responsiveness of the screen at all? im hoping its the plastic screen protector (didn't try it before hand)... my screen constantly isnt registering touches. @nextbit help please
@joseph agreed. where i am at, central california, no one i know that has verizon ever experiences issues. at&t people, on the other hand, are always complaining about their phones. this is a really bad deal for everyone involved, especially since i waiting on getting a new phone until my robin was to arrive. now i have to take what money i invested in this and get something else that hopefully doesn't suck as bad as the windows phone i am using right now. no need to send me the discount coupon, just refund my money.
@andrew - it's not that easy.  cdma and gsm networks in the us are not the same.  where i am located, cdma networks offer better quality service.  while this is not the case everywhere, it is the case for me.
so easy guys! switch your carrier. why would anyone stays with cdma when he/she loves changing phone regularly?. go to gsm. much easier with many options
@a.s. i had be asking the same question for weeks on the nextbit community site.  i was hoping they would do a robin 2.0 or a flagship nexbit that my ks funds would help towards. here is to hoping this is just a glitch along the way.
@nextbit - thanks for the information regarding the cdma version (although it is sad).  i think most of us cdma backers would like to know if you are exiting the cdma realm for good or is it just for this launch phone?  i would definitely let you hold on to my money and be amenable to putting that towards robin 2.0 (provided cdma support is planned).
anyone that is looking for something else in lieu of the cdma cancellation i'd recommend the nexus 6p. i couldn't wait on the robin and picked one up about a month ago and this phone is fantastic, best i've ever had. if size is your concern trust me you get used to it and the quality is second to none in terms of the hardware. go with the 64gb version or higher and your storage issues, if you have them, will be nonexistent for most, no need for a 'cloud solution'. cheers.
hi annie55 im also eagerly awaiting delivery in the uk tomorrow, i haven't received an email ....yet regarding extra duty . would hate to not receive the phone as planned tomorrow due to demand of extra duty !! if you could keep us informed that would be brilliant thanks
what is i don't have the card i originally used?
how very disappointing dear rebels! in stead of ever receiving this:  early adopter special phone and charging cable. very special sim tray. additional online storage (100gb total). including the additional t-shirt and quick charger - am i right - for making this kickstarterproject a success i get a refund!? furthermore i get this as an explanation:  we have been working hard to resolve the trademark issue that would allow us to ship and sell robin in your country. maybe it would be possible to give a more detailed explanation and a somewhat better offer than just a refund with the option to maybe buy an ordinary robin in the future without the benefits i already earned!?
so disappointed about not getting a cdma robin.  even worse, i can't be angry at anyone because deep down i knew this was a possibility.  i lack the knowledge to understand what verizon does to protect its ecosystem.  if my samsung galaxy nexus suffered delays and came from a seasoned manufacturer, i can only imagine the obstacles nextbit was facing. i am happy for all other gsm backers and hopeful that this isn't the last i hear about a cdma compatible phone from nextbit or its successors.  i enjoyed being part of this campaign experience and perhaps some good will come from it. great job on the success of the robin and best of luck moving forward!
is it possible to receive the gsm in lieu of the cmda version without canceling my order, receiving the coupon and having to purchase again? also i suppose this means that if we selected electric as our original color choice that those are no longer available or could we still get that color even though it is not listed on the website? also even though i was a early bird backer of the cmda version, so it did not affect me in the slightest, i was pleasantly surprised that you offered the early bird coupon basically to everyone who wants to switch over; classy move in a crappy situation.
@creator i have a similar questions to john's below, could i change my order from cdma to gsm keeping everything else about my order the same? my disappointment is astronomical!
so if i got the verizon special i'm shit out of luck? does that consider a cdma?
@nextbit. just received the e-mail stating that you will cancel my order and give me the money b1ck because of the benelux trademark issue. can i change the delivery country? i do have a viable option in hand ;) offcourse this has to work for the waranty services aswell ( i mean being able to send the phone to you from belgium if it brakes) thank you
@creator if i change from cdma to gsm, would i still get a phone under the kickstarter timeline?  or would i become a "pre-order" candidate and get it much later?
sorry for the double post but how do we go about doing so? replying to the original email?
i would like my refund as the cdma version will not be shipping
the benelux-backers apparently are going to be deleted also: """"rebel, we have some difficult news. we have been working hard to resolve the trademark issue that would allow us to ship and sell robin in your country. we have not reached a conclusion and we don’t feel comfortable keeping your pledge any longer. we will refund your full kickstarter pledge within 48 hours. if we can reach an agreement allowing us to sell you a robin in the future, we will send you a coupon code so that you can purchase one at the kickstarter price. even without a phone, we hope you’ll still remain a part of our rebellion."""" so i've waited more than half a year for nothing.
booooooo!
bad news regarding u.s. cdma version well, shoot. we started nextbit to make products that we want to use ourselves, and to build the kind of company that we would want to support and be proud to have represent us. we designed robin to be a phone that would reignite the excitement we all used to feel back when smartphones were new and innovation was a constant. we hoped that by doing so, we could also attract like-minded people and turn them into a family of supporters around the world. the hardest thing for us to do, therefore, is anything that we know will disappoint these supporters. that makes today a really bad day for us. while we hope that some of you may have backed us in order to simply enable us to exist as a start-up and poke the boundaries of today’s smartphone ecosystem, i’m sure most of you backed us in order to get a robin. if you happen to be one of the folks who asked us for a cdma version, then today i am going to disappoint you, and for that i am truly sorry. as you might already know, we had several short delays with fulfilling all of our gsm version orders, but have finally gotten it to the point where all gsm phones have shipped to customers. the cdma version has a different set of problems, and unfortunately, there doesn’t appear to be a workable solution. the bad news: we are unable to ship a cdma version. i would like to explain why this happened. if you would rather just find out information about what happens now (refunds, discounts, etc.), please skip ahead to the end of the letter below. originally, we weren’t planning on launching a cdma version, but we had many folks reach out to us during the kickstarter campaign asking for it, so we decided to take a look. nextbit is comprised of people who have been in the mobile business for a while (since the birth of the modern smartphone era). many of us have worked on devices that have shipped on u.s. cdma carriers previously, and had a rough understanding of the issues involved. as soon as we saw the many requests from our backers for supporting this, we called and emailed folks we know at the various u.s. cdma carriers and asked about the process to ship an open-market phone that would work on these networks. as you can imagine, we were in a rush. the kickstarter campaign is only 30 days long, and it wasn’t until the second week of the campaign that we realized the demand and started the investigation. because of this, we had to go with the best information we could get before the campaign was over, and over time it turned out that this information was not accurate. what people at the carriers, in good faith given our need for quick answers, thought would take “weeks” has turned into “months”. what they thought would cost “hundreds of thousands of dollars” has turned into “millions”. and we’re still not there. the goal posts are still being moved, and at this point, we think it is better to cancel this version rather than continue to try and make progress with no clear answers to offer regarding when we would actually be able to ship. we first realized there was a big delta between what we originally thought and reality in january. it should have been sooner but to be honest a big part of the problem is how long it takes just to get the right information (and in some cases, what we were doing was a “one-off” for the carriers and they didn’t even decide themselves yet how it would be treated until as late as a week ago). even then, we believed we could recover and launch in march. then new information came up and it became april. we really thought that would be it, but yet again, we were wrong. we should have known better. we were not sufficiently doubtful of what we were told given everything we already knew from our experience at previous companies. we were too optimistic, too bullish, and as a result we have to deal with our biggest fear, disappointing you, our supporters. this is bad for you, and this is bad for us. the best we can do is send you this explanation with our sincerest apologies, and try to make sure you don’t suffer any financial loss in addition to the disappointment of not receiving a cdma robin. here is how we are going to try to make up for our failure: refund/cancellation. we are giving every cdma backer a full and complete refund within the next 48 hours. for kickstarter backers, this includes your entire pledge as well as any extra you were charged for accessories, shipping, etc. for pre-orders, we have not charged you and will not do so. a 25% discount code for each cdma backer. each of you will receive a code for a 25% discount on one order from our online store. if you cannot use this yourself, feel free to pass it on to a friend or family member who is on a gsm network and might like a robin. from all of us at nextbit, i would like to offer our apologies for this cancellation, and to also thank you for all of your support thus far. sincerely, tom moss ceo
i received today my robin and it's love at first sight !!! electric italy
thanks riki. i'll contact nextbit and post any relevant feedback here.
annie, don't pay. that should be covered, just sent a mail to nextbit.
fedex have just sent me a duty & tax invoice for gbp 49.53 presumably in respect of shipping to the uk. i thought that was covered already or do uk customers need to pay more for this?
@william - you only get 100gb of cloud storage
@william - for pictures, you'll have to do that manually. you can back up your photos into google photos, or pull them off the sd card onto a computer and then put them into robin.
@nextbit i signed in the smart storage, and only seeing 100gb in the cloud, how to get the extra 100gb? thanks.
@nextbit just received my robin in hong kong.  i found that there is no sd card slot.  would like to know how is it possible to fast transfer my data (photos mostly) to my robin?  thanks a lot!
@brian - the electric colorway was inspired by the one seen in the contest which had the blue buttons. @mark - glad you love it...who knows what the future holds. @robin - let the battery settle over a few cycles. also worse is "subjective", what is "good" for you?
hmmmm my battery life is worse than expected.... any one else has such issue?
my last post. ty nextbit for the awesome phone. ty for those folks that stayed positive. i hope nextbit you will contact me when you put out your next phone.
my electric robin is here! thank you nextbit! i have everything i ordered but my mascot. still waiting for an update on my missing sheep. question: what happened to the electric volume buttons not being blue? even update 9 dated october 13th shows final colors and the buttons are blue. did i miss a change somewhere? thanks from a gold very special sim tray owner!
got my electric robin today with my scratches case, tempered glass screen protector and gold special sim tray. thanks nextbit. never doubted you. looking forward to the software update.
@nextbit thank you for reply and e-mail.
ty.
@vipin - we definitely do, and have not forgotten about our indian backers. this delay in india has us just as frustrated and we've sent our team members to the region to speed this process up. trust - scott knows very well how upset you guys are.
@mark - swipe from the bottom of the phone. you should be able to use the quick charger from the n6.
i have a couple questions .1. how do you get out of the camera without having to shut the phone off? 2. is the nexus 6 quick charger safe to use with this?
@nextbitsys: hooray! we’ve shipped all kickstarter & pre-order robins (w/ a few exceptions). website orders will ship this week!  #rubbingsaltinthewound #imacdmabacker
@nextbit - do you really have plans to ship to indian backers or forgot about us? people who ordered online are getting phones before us.... it should have been your sole responsibility to ship to all backer without any exception before shipping to online store orders!!  really disappointed.... wasn't expecting this from you guys!!
if i don't receive my phone is april. i'm going to have to cancel my order. i've waiting long enough, i've needed a phone for a while and have been holding out for this one. you'd think you would keep us posted on progress, but since you haven't probably sounds like you only have bad news.
@mark we're super glad you love robin! sorry we've made you wait for so long!
*heavy breathing* i just watched the software review and it looks amazing...  *hunches over like gollum* i can't wait... so soon my precious... so soon the precious will be mine!
@nextbit  i love my robin ty. i hope you guys make a next generation also... bigger lol. i was so excited to open my robin i slipped and fell on the kitchen floor.my wife has me stuck in my room and i'm not allowed out until i get some rest. but hey i can post on my phone.
for all cdma backers, we hope to have information for you later this week on the status of certification and production.
@wya - our expectations for shipping japan units changed early in the week because of other regulatory issues. we're looking to get those units out later this week and will provide tracking as soon as we have it.
@daffa and @alan - hey guys, we know how frustrated you are about not getting the tracking information yet. we're workin' on it, and are trying to get faster and faster as we have ramped up production and have better contact with our distributor. many backers have received their units because they were mint - the electrics and midnights hit many production problems and with such low quantities, we couldn't fulfill everyone's orders. so alan, totally understand the frustration, but these processes are being improved and we're expecting to get tracking information for orders tomorrow morning. hang in there guys...
@alan i agree with you. i haven't got a shipping info yet.  i know there was a regulatory issue (japan), but from update on last week, it seems to have been solved. so it's hard to understand feb orders are going ahead of me. i don't blame for delays of production or shipping. because this is ks project, they're a start-up, and i don't doubt at all they are doing their best all time. i'm still excited about getting my robin, and like it. but in that point, honestly, i am disappointed.
will there be another survey for the verizon backers?
just received my robin, hang in there rebels! it won't be long now!!!
@daffa i'm not sure why you're saying i should be thankful. i was an early kickstarter backer and i'm receiving my device the same day as someone who just went to the online store and purchased it. i was pointing out that nextbit doesn't care about the kickstarter backers. they have completely disrespected all of their kickstarter backers when they launched their online store and the majority of the backers didn't know when they were going to receive their devices.
any word on the verizon phones?? this is taking entirely too long and i ended up just buying a different phone
@alan you should be thankful alan... i am an early adopter and have not even got a tracking number until now...
@marc what question? eta? nextbit has set the eta for april and been saying it over and over again.
why aren't you answering our questions on our cdma phones? skipped us, and answered others.
not sure how many of you are on the nextbit community forums, but there's a customer update you should know about. a customer who ordered from nextbit's online store has received a tracking number for his mint robin that he ordered on february 18th. his robin is scheduled to be delivered on march 18th. i am an early backer who ordered midnight and i also received a tracking number. i am scheduled to receive my device on march 18th as well. i think this shows nextbit does not care about getting the devices out to their backers as early as possible. if anything, it seems nextbit cares more about getting their online orders out as fast as possible. they have proven themselves to be a very duplicitous company so far. does anyone at nextbit care to reply? with the truth, please, not the lies you have been spreading in the community.
@nextbit - is there any option to cancel the order & get the refund? its long wait & need a phone urgently!
fedex tracking is fun. gotta love hubs. my robin flew over me and across the continent to memphis. now it'll work it's way back to the west coast of canada. i've already called fedex to ask that they hold the phone for 3 weeks while go hang out in hawaii with my old galaxy s3. soon! :)
@nextbit - my quick charger is on a slight delay? how slight? i hope its not gonna be the slight delay like the handset which was 3+ weeks... why is it that in the same comment to me you advise of the charger delay and then another person their quick charger is on the way with the rest of their handset and stuff?? :(
my phone is actually on its way, w00t!!!!! 3:26 am	departed fedex location		memphis, tn
can anyone knows during the hard reset, it can choose to "bootloader".  what does it mean?
@venkatesh, the weight as specified in the fedex tracking info is 2.3 lbs / 1.04 kgs
@sean looks like the mods are on it.
@creator i'm no expert but i think the forums got hacked...
@joshua my delivery date it's showing the 21st. i hope it's here this week instead our i won't see it for 3 weeks!
good software review https://youtu.be/vkqya-wcrdq
phone expected to be delivered tomorrow, u.s. electric. already got all my accessories earlier this month other than sim try. excited! thanks nextbit!
.4kg package is it only sim tray?
zzz every week that passes without getting this phone is another week added to its obsolete marker.
@nextbit  thank you for the quick import release in memphis fedex.  shipping back on track for delivery tomorrow.  git'r'dun.
have not recived tracking number for anything yet . in us california . electric
@venkatesh: it's 0.8kg, if you haven't ordered any other accessories.
@peter - sorry you never received a postcard. don't give up on kickstarter..there's plenty of good stuff out there! @ok taing - we hope to get more information at the end of the week for japan! it's coming! @darren - it should have your phone, quick charger, sim tray, and shirt. the bruises case will ship out later because production is ramping on it right now. @thad - yup, we're getting better at this and hope to make things much smoother by next month. @darren robertson - screen protector, bumps, scratches, silver sim tray, vinyl mascot, shirt, and electric. the charger is on a slight delay, but hope to have more info later. @yuta - yes, japanese backers will get their tracking info as soon as they ship. @pushkar - many us backers haven't received shipping info. you're not alone. we're hoping to have tracking numbers later this week for you.
@gunther - wats d weigh of d package?
backer #3131, received fedex tracking today - robin midnight to arrive on friday outside barcelona, spain. yay! patience is a virtue, from 1st october until now - it's not that bad, considering what we get.. cheers, nextbit, looking forward to enjoy the new tool...
@nextbit can someone help me? electric - us - early backer. i have not gotten a tracking number. fedex does not show any shipments coming my way. nobody has responded to my status request sent to orders@nextbit.com. i thought all electric robins have been shipped.
i am not sure about the preparation for the phone before shipping.  i am an early adopter, backer no. 566, in taiwan.  i could not understand the company didn't know the regulation till now.  you have been to taiwan for meeting fans.  you did not know the local regulation afterall?  this is a big surprised to me.  nextbit, would you indicate the difficult you have now for taiwan?  otherwise, i really want refund my robin at this moment.  very very disappointed.
customs delay finished... looks like i'll get it tomorrow.  nice!
they didn't even reply the email.  a couple weeks? that's ridiculous~~
@nextbit will japanese backers get their tracking numbers too when the phones are ready to ship?
@peter yeah cheers, fingers crossed nothing is missing! @darren - your guess is as good as mine. lets just hope everything is there lol tho i did read the latest update and the case might not be in with the package for me. another few weeks yet for that i think
you hope to hear from them about taiwan in a couple of weeks? amateurs, stop blaming others for your lack of planning. can't believe you guys thought you could just put it in a box and send it here.
@nextbit ty so much i should get mine by noon tomorrow.
@darren also had my tracking info weight is 2.3lbs/1.04 kg im assuming that is t-shirt and phone minus my uk charger and bruises case ?
aaaaah yeah....got my tracking info, should arrive on thursday
i haven't  got any information about the shipment of my  reward. please help me get any information.
@darren - good luck mate .. . i never received no post card - period.  as of this sunday, the divorce between me and kickstarter.com will be in full swing!  to all, peace, over and out!
@nextbit got my tracking info today. eta for perth, australia is friday!... the tracking says it's 2.65lbs/1.2kg... would that be everything? handset, cases, t-shirt, fast charger, etc? coz up to now all i've received is a post card lol
so, is there any update on the benelux situation yet? some information about what is getting phones held back exactly would be nice.
@william, @rusher - would like to know the weight of the package pls
patiently wait for these updates, but yet again nothing on my cdma version. what's the progress on this phone....
just received my robin in hong kong. i found that there is no sd card slot. would like to know how is it possible to fast transfer my data (photos mostly) to my robin? thanks a lot!
@venkatesh @sean is from vancouver island, british columbia, canada. i am as well and i also received my tracking number and it should be here on the 18th.
it is super awesome i gotten my own robin! woohoo but! is there a way i can contact someone to ship me the missing phone case which i later paid as an add-on from backerkit? thanks!
hi! finally got tracking info: italian backer, electric! just to confirm that everything matches what nextbit said, shipped on march 12.. should arrive by march 21. just can't wait. thanks nextbit
taiwan backer having my palm over my face. yes of course there will be some work to be done regarding regulations and custom issue, but shouldn't it be well considered and planned ahead before you update all the logistic schedules? it's easy for you to say but difficult for us to wait. you should know that some backers does not pledged for robin as a plaything or a secondary phone, some people actually need a phone. if i'd knew the delay and all this i might just get a nexus or a sony and be done with it. i am disappointed as a long-waiting backer should be, i'd still hope that you can justify it with more efficiency and honesty, that will be much appreciated.
alright early backer from malaysia here just received my package. had some complications due to custom regulations in my country. i received the electric robin with the tee, screen protector and casing. but the quick changer seem to be missing.
funny still received no information on any phone
*hahaha, scheduled arrival 3/30! and thanks to nextbit for staying positive despite some negative feedback over shipping issues which seem to be out of your hands!
norwegian electric early backer here: finally got the tracking mail too! phone was sent out 3/14, and is scheduled to arrive 3/14. wow i thought uk wasn't that far away and hoped for similar shipping dates. but at least a something.  hope robin won't have be getting stuck in oslo's customs trap. and even if, that it would reach me latest by the scheduled arrival date!  good luck to all of you! anyone wants to change a golden sim tray with a silver one, ... once they arrive?
thanks ktt.  most of the apps, e.g. gallery, whatsapp (adding contacts), etc..
for widgets, pinch on the home screen and long press to add a widget. which app are you using that gives screen overlay detected?
the phone looks very great but i am now still trying to familiarize with it, especially the new launcher.  i don't know how to use widget and always shows a "screen overlay detection" when changing app permission.  anybody can help? thanks
@ktt, thanks for your information.
@qui they've said that it'll come in a separate shipment. @anson yeah that will be the case.
hi nextbit: i received my robin yesterday eventually from hk, together with t-shirt, screen protector & cable.  i suppose the charger will come separately, am i right?
where is my sim tray,  scratch case and temper glass protector?
@nextbit thanks for update for japanese. but it's a shame again...please don't get my/our false hopes up. that upset me. of course, i know your hard work from startup and appreciate it. i'm looking forward to good news :) thanks.
sooo...just updated hk backers with their correct shipping info for sf express. updated shipping expectations for japan has been moved to end of the week. @casualt - yeah, a lot of things that happened don't make perfect sense, but we're hoping we can just learn from it, move past it and support you guys the best we can.
@nextbit please update for japanese backers.
copy and pasted nextbits reply below to share. good luck backers who have gotten no news, sounds like we should have just ordered on the web store instead, at least it would be shipped this week. ≠========== i do have some great news. :) we are beginning to ship out orders that were placed on the website this week.
please at least mention the cdma version progress. two email updates with nothing related to cdma.sheep updates, case updates, and 3d coasters are great, but i wanna know about my phone. :)
why isn't there any update on cdma version?
@nextbit ty for the update. i actually like the video that shows you how to setup the phone. never used  a fingerprint scanner before looks pretty easy.
wow they only shipped gold sim tray via fedex. doesn't make much business sense....
nearly all regions (eu, canada, aus, nz) shipped out on saturday and we’ve sent tracking information. be sure to check your spam folder, in case the tracking information was mistakenly sent there. there are some stragglers in some of the regions, including in the us and asia. we are trying to get tracking information for those people later in the week. hong kong backers unfortunately, sf express sent us the incorrect tracking numbers (their bad). we’re resolving this and will update you guys with the correct tracking info as soon as we have it. us backers it seems that fedex is experiencing some delays. other than weather issues affecting the area, our logistics team is looking into why packages are being held. we’ve provided fedex with all the information we sent them for previous shipments. fedex didn’t transfer the details of our shipment to a new member of their team. some of our team members also have their package there too, so you’re not alone! we’re hoping this gets resolved within 24 hours. india and taiwan we’re trying to resolve the delay as quickly as possible. we’ve sent team members to those regions to push for a faster resolution. we hope to hear within a couple weeks regarding a status update.
tracking details received. eta into sydney  australia thursday. early backer electric.
getting to know your robin email is missing #3 >.<
@sean - u r from which country?
woot! i got a tracking number! good news it's on its way! bad news is that it will arrive after i'm already gone on vacation. hopefully fedex will allow my neighbor to sign for it? im still hoping it arrives sooner..it's only monday.
london backer here.., received tracking info. schedule delivery = 18th
uk early adopter midnight, got a tracking number. looks like it was indeed arranged over the weekend, good job nextbit for keeping it together so far.
@estel yates sounds like wednesday or thursday now vs tuesday to get to us out of memphis.  one thing after another it seems, oh well, git'rdun @nextbit.  i called by march 18th a couple of weeks ago, not going to miss it by much. :)
@martin: i got it too, it could be phone case and screen protector.
just and update here for us backers, @khang posted this on the nextbit forums: " "boom335 wrote: @khang: any idea when we can expect the us units to be cleared from the fedex for customs/clearance.. mine says: 4:02 pm clearance delay - import   memphis, tn  10:43 am in transit   memphis, tn   package available for clearance 3:19 am arrived at fedex location   memphis, tn " our logistics manager is aware of the issue and it's actually on fedex, because apparently they have a new team member that doesn't have all the details from the previous person. we're expecting this to be resolved in 24 hours."
@ niharika pretty much all the us phones are currently stuck in customs. nextbit is working to get this taken care of as fast as they can. from what i read on the nextbit forums, it takes about 48 hours to get them through customs and on their way. there is nothing that we can do to further the process, unfortunately.
yey, just got a tacking number... again? hehe probably some mistake :)
hi, irish backer; shipping the phone as a gift to my aunt in la, usa. received my tracking today. but, when i check the status on fedex it says: clearance instructions from the importer are required. recommended action: importer must provide instructions. i am assuming this is not the first time this would have happened (considering you have shipped to other backers in the us). so, can you please let me know what needs to be done from my end to have this delivered? thanks
toronto backer, received tracking
just received tracking number for toronto canada wheee!!!!
just received my tracking number (australia). thanks @nextbit
nextbit should make a commitment by when the phone should arrive at each continent. if fail to do so, refund would be provided. that would be a better solution than keeping us in the dark.
i got an email . getting to know your robin.lol , but i haven't got my robin and dunno if  i will get my robin.
i have yet to receive any emails regarding anything about getting my phone and i was one of the first 1000 backers.  it is the 14th of march and am no starting to get annoyed.  what is going on.
hey everyone, we'll have an update later today regarding shipping, accessories, and more. stay tuned...currently writing.
i have just received an email from nextbit assuring me all early backer phones have been sent out !! (london uk electric)
@creator, @jeff, argh, super frustrating. clearance delay as well, no eta.
no news yet? of the clearance delay? if i don't have my phone by the beginning of april  i maybe forced to look at other options. the moto x pure is 100.00 off until april 14th. my nexus 6 is failing and randomly restarting during calls.
@saul no idea phone was 349 $
@kevin where you a early backer ?
uk backer just spoke to fedex package was picked up in china today expected delivery 18th no email from nextbit yet
i am disappointed. as someone who has done their own successfully funded ks (42k raised) and understands how often delays happen and all the things that can go wrong, and how time consuming it can be to try and fix things...not communicating with backers is the worst thing you can do. i'm several months late in delivering what i promised to backers, but i update them every week with clear details on what was worked on and where the project is at. there is always time to post a small update, "here's what's happening, here are the details we have, we're sorry, we're trying". even if every update is that, it at least means no one is left in the dark. come on nextbit, you've got a whole team, send someone to pacify the backers who supported you. i understand who have done some of this, but it's not consistent enough, especially right now when everyone is getting in a huff (and rightfully so).
i didn't have yet a tracking number  early backer, italy, electric
same memphis clearance delay as others.  so near, and yet, so far...
clearance delay: fedex in memphis, tn again...
unlucky me  ;'(  my robin's gallery error, any idea?
@tim @james r, i'm in the same situation. fedex requires additional information before releasing the packages for final delivery. @nextbit, come someone contact fedex and submit the paperwork asap?
package/phone was supposed to be delivered today, tracking up until yesterday had me pretty excited, now the status has changed to "clearance delay".  only a couple of hours away, yet so frickin' far. :-/
@james r. i just spoke to fedex. us backers like us will need to wait until fedex gets a response from nextbit. they have over 200 of our phones on hold until then. the person at fedex told me that there is nothing i can do, which leads me to believe that neither can any of the other us backers.  @nextbit, she says you, as the shipper, did not provide enough information for the packages to go through us customs. now they have our phones locked in some cage, and there is nothing we can do about it. so now i ask, when are you, nextbit, going to provide fedex and the usc the information they need to have our shipments delivered to us?
i'm hk backer #2889. received the phone finally but missing the tempered glass screen protector. in addition, i found the tracking number is not match with the shipping confirmation email.
i feel like useless waiting this long for this...thanks a lot nextbit! feeling overwhelmed and happy seeing your mail. situation is like, can't cancel the order after waiting for such long period, feels sick and silly. and don't have patience to hear such updates "wait fr 5 more weeks, thank you for your patience". we really don't need your appreciation for our patience, we really don't care about it. this issue should have been taken care long back...seriously very upset. when people complained, had faith that things will get smooth, but not lost the enthusiasm. it will be just a piece of phone gonna get when ever it gets shipped (hope it will ship in this year itself :p)  really thank you nextbit! mail from nextbit: we sent out this message earlier this week: we realize that you are anxious to know what is happening with robin in india. so we wanted to send you a quick update to let you know that robin is in the labs for regulatory approval. we are told if everything goes smoothly this process should take about 5 more weeks. our plan is to pre-pack your orders in a few weeks so that once we receive certification, we can ship your robin out as soon as we can put the necessary approval marks on the package. we will do everything we can to make this go as fast as possible.  we know you want to get your robin very soon. we are sorry it is taking this long. you are important to us and we hope to fulfill your expectations soon.
i just called fedex germany (0049) (0)1806 111 800 and told them my shipping address. in 5 seconds the guy had my tracking number and the good news that the parcel is on its way and will arrive the 17.03. here in southern germany. hope that helps! cheers frank
electric canadian backer.... i can understand that there might be delays from the original estimated delivery date but there have been a few updates saying that we should receive the tracking info (not just for canadians) and it is quite frustrating.  and then there is the problem that some ppl have complained of their phones having flaws
@nextbit : you make me crazy. i'm hk backer. received the tracking details on 09mar and sf express said the shipment is delivered this morning. i just talked with sf service centre and tracking info is incorrect. (wrong name & address) it's belongs to another person. where is my phone !!!
another weekend has come and gone with no shipping info/confirmation...canadianbacker
can anybody shed a light on this please ? i backed on early adopter special and i was originally no 900 and something . when pledges closed there were 3611 backers yet on checking my backer number i am now #4124 how does this work ? i have gone from being in first 999 backers to being 500 outside the amount of backers at closing !!!  i am a uk backer (electric) no tracking as of fed ex this morning and am becoming more disenchanted with nextbit as this fiasco continues . if anyone can shed a light on the numbers i will be grateful. thanks
us backer: clearance delay with fedex in memphis, tn
@mnp this friday? thanks for the good news. shame i won't be able to take mine to an android event to show it off. oh well. hopefully mine has the same expected date as yours (or before)
thanks mnp. i tried checking with fedex fir international courier. none fit my postcode yet. but i m not an early backer. i m only a backer. thanks again.
possibly some good news for early backers in the uk. i just contacted fedex and they confirmed my shipment and gave me my tracking number. delivery due by friday 18th march. it will be worth other early backer's to check with fedex too (didn't receive any notification email from nextbit mind).
canadian early backer with no shipment info (or deliveries of course).  as per the last update from nextbit, i was expecting to finally receive a  shipping notification this past weekend.  i guess this is just another deadline they didn’t meet.  it really is getting beyond startup struggles to a point where they don’t seem to care if they meet any commitments they make. the first few missed deadlines you could chalk up to underestimating effort and putting too much faith in logistics companies but when you repeatedly miss deadline after deadline, despite having less to deal with and providing specifics for regions and then just posting another - we had more delays,  it will be next week, etc. this tells me that unfortunately nextbit doesn't really care anymore if they meet their timelines with backers.  sad,  how they turned quite a few supporters against because of poor logistics and associated communication.  for me it is not the overall delay that is the problem but rather the repeated broken deadlines announced by nextbit.  beyond creating animosity with the affected backers,  the poor logistics are literally costing nextbit money. multiple shipments to many backers all over the world is a needless expense for a startup.  they seem to think that rushing certain pieces out the door would garner more support than waiting until they were truly ready to ship.  i don't believe this to be the case at all. backers tend to be far more forgiving if everyone is left in the same boat and the creator clearly communicates issues and provides a new realistic timeline and honours it.  in this case we get surprise issue after issue which is only discovered by missing pieces and regions or color selections left waiting whilst others have had their devices for a few weeks now.  this tells us that there is a serious lack of proper transparency.  nextbit obviously knew about problems with electric, some midnight, cases, screen protectors, chargers for certain regions, etc. before they shipped any units. they didn't communicate any of those issues and in fact only admitted them as affected backers complained. this is the opposite of being transparent and respectful with your backers. i was a strong supporter of nextbit but they have effectively convinced me not to trust their communication and certainly not trust any commitments they make to us. i only care to receive my robin and accessories so that my money isn't completely wasted.  gone is any excitement and certainly gone is any willingness to recommend nextbit to anyone.  quite the contrary.  sad, sad.
hi nextbit, when will the malaysia orders be shipped? thanks! :)
@kuot thiik yeah true. fingers crossed! and hope for a delivery this week! =d
@nextbit -any news on the benelux trademark issue??? i am starting to consider asking for a refound as i really need a phone and yours is apparently not comming anytime soon or at all....
ok guys, i just read the update you posted 2 days but i'm a bit confused honestly. i'm on of the early robin backers in the us, and i have yet to receive a tracking number, or even an email regarding my shipment. any help with this? i scrolled down to your comment from 2 days and read that all remaining us backers should have received tracking numbers/emails for their robins last week. i haven't received a thing. would be great if someone can check in with me provide some insight here. thanks!
good news. i got my tracking info.
mine just hit a clearance delay as well. is there anything we need to do or is this something on nextbit's end?
i'm hk backer, finally received the mint robin this morning!!!
concur what @mark has said -  clearance delay . .. thanks fedex!    come hell or high water the robin's will arrive soon - lace up the boot straps!
they usually say it's gonna take a day or two to get tracking info and they don't work on weekends so i think we might receive info on tuesday or wednesday
@darren robertson, i haven't received any info, but i assume it's gonna be with fedex.
ya.another clearance delay. yehaw
clearance delay. clearance instructions from the importer are required. what do i do?
i have not yet my tracking numbers :( backer ,france , robin electric
backers that have received their tracking number, i've just checked my tracking number and it's currently at a red state/halt of "shipment requires a commercial invoice." is there a resolution to this or do i just have to wait?
oh nextbit. was going to whine about all the practical stuff except for the shipping issue -- you broke me. who is this elusive "logistics team" that you put so much faith on? uk early adopter (midnight).
anyone in australia got their shipping info yet? and who it's shipping with? the last update a few comments down said we should receive the shipping info this weekend as the handsets are being shipped out yesterday (saturday)
@darren o.0 what is the new price now? that 95$ wasn't shipping alone. it's 350$ for the phone (in your case i guess) 70$ vat (eu usually has about 20%, right? i don't know uk specifics tho) and 25$ for shipping.  so... this new price is less and the vat is included, or...?
i think we should be refunded the $60 dollar difference if the phone isn't with us by the end of march
hi i'm backer from taiwan. is there any update to the shipment to tw?
@kasper maybe but i think we are deluded if we think they have !! 4 weeks in now and the goalposts are continuously changing for people in the uk , if you want an example of that you paid $95 shipping check how much it is now ! we are still waiting in the uk and people have had their phones a month this week , nextbit have no idea whatsoever when these phones are being sent and we are deluded if we believe otherwise , will be extremely lucky to have our phones by april and thats not inc charger !!!!
@darren they could have been sent. we just don't know until they confirm.
so possibly no uk backers sent out the weekend then !!!!
early backer uk london #988 midnight & no shipment notification here either... :(
rest of the uk backers on tuesday now ?? so has anyone in the uk received a shipping email ? why exactly am i going to believe that they will ship tuesday   ? nextbit have lied and changed the date at least 4 times !!!!
@saul same here. early backer (midnight) from switzerland. didnt recieve tracking info yet. on april 1 im gone for 2 months...
@nextbit i ordered my electric robin and will be leaving the country at the end of march and probably wouldn't of ordered it if there would be a possibility of not receiving it in time. so if i am in correct london batch's are despatched on tuesday and likely and i should receive the phone within a week? if this is the case and all is sweet then no worries but if there are things missing or god forbid an issue with the phone i'll be in thailand.
@kwong, i've got the email with sf tracking link on wednesday. however, the sf site said no info is found. and i saw @chueng anson and you got new updates on the website yesterday, so i am suspicious that i missed something.
@billchau, as per below nextbit updated. 1. asia backers (excepting countries where we are held up by regulatory process) have all been sent their robins. by now many of you should have received them. please check your junk mail folder first.
@nextbit, did all hk backers including kickstarter special pledge receive the tracking info? i am afraid that i missed something.
3. remaining canada backer and europe early backer orders should be sent out tomorrow. you should receive a tracking number over the weekend.  4. the rest of europe backers as well as japan will be sent their robins early next week (likely tuesday).
scroll down. they posted yesterday that the rest of uk phones would go out likely tuesday.
any news from the french backers ?
uk electric. no news. had an online chat with liam earlier and he could not offer up any info unfortunately.  i'm taking up meditation to help with the wait.
i check this thread pretty much everyday like an eager child waiting to open his presents on christmas day. still no luck or news. patience? uk backer - electric
any news from 141 uk backers or at least 50 london backers? not even 1??
台灣是不是要等好幾個月啊 how long will i have to wait? taiwan no.1~~
@kwong: thanks. just checked and found the delivery information and scheduled to receive the phone on next tuesday. yes, their information showed that they just started the transportation just today's afternoon, so late!
@cheung anson: updated shipment details at sf website. pls check. very disappointed that sf has picked up the shipment today :(
@steve @daniel mckenzie totally agree fellas , (uk backer no tracking) what started out feeling like we were part of something new is now tedious boring and no more kickstarter ever !!!
@daniel mckenzie - right with you man. uk backer with zero (personal) shipping news. visiting this forum is becoming tedious, and depressing. i'll now consider getting the (preferably undamaged without lumps or bumps on it) phone at all a bonus.
@dennis  along with the weather causing flooding in the memphis area, fedex has also reported that they have been having it issues which has kept them from being able to supply shipping status updates on their web site. that'll be why you haven't seen any change in the status of labels created on the 10th. i just received an email notice from them that my package was picked up from the shipper. my delivery date has also been adjusted by one day, so it'll arrive on tuesday the 15th. so my electric robin is finally on it's way to me. :)
id take issue with some of what android police say about the phones finger print scanner mkhb says the scanners reliable and fast https://www.youtube.com/watch… so does android authority. the thing they take issue is with the lag on the camera and the lack of image stabilization . the camera takes poor pictures in low light. they suggest the cloud is gimmicky, but  i disagree and i think for power users that need more then 132 gigs of storage nextbit will work out a solution where if you need that much storage you maybe able to purchase it eventually. i think if you need storage for pictures amazon lets you store them for free if you have prime. google is another option.
@kwong: i am hk backer, received the track link at wednesday early morning but the link can't get any information. nextbit responded that the phone should be in the process of delivery by sf express when we got the reference. until now, i still haven't received the phone. hk is such a small city that the delivery should not be spent more than two days. i think sf express is not a reliable company. nextbit should take note about this!
@singh karan, i too had a tracking number created on 3/2 that went nowhere.  the one created 3/10 is the one @nextbit sent me on 3/11.  i think you should have had one created on 3/10 as well being a usa, electric backer.  if you don't get something this weekend that shows a date 3/10 or after sometime this weekend, i would contact them on monday. hope you get something soon.  i suspect the 3/2 tracking numbers for usa are ones like i had in february that were made and then cancelled.  in other words they ain't gonna be used.  i of course could be wrong, but my 3/2 is still showing no action and a new one was created 3/10, the day @nextbit says the remainder of usa backers phones "went out." odd though that fedex has shown no activity since it was created, will wait and see.  i looked at activity on the shipment i have received and it shows different days of different activity.  should see something by midweek, unless it just shows up by then.  who knows...i'm betting on by wednesday, thursday or friday, at the latest. unless armageddon happens...then i guess it won't matter much. :)
"asia backers (excepting countries where we are held up by regulatory process) have all been sent their robins." @nextbit just to make things clear, i believe the robins for taiwan backers are still held up by regulatory process so there's still no eta by now? and even if i get my robin, the accessories like quick charger and case won't be there with the phone?
@dennis, thank you for the advise. after finding the area to search by reference, i was able to obtain some information. the label was printed 3/02/16 but information never got updated since. will wait until next week and see where it goes from there and will contact the @nextbit if necessary. thanks again.
@backers be advised @nextbit doesn't usually work saturday & sunday, so questions over the next 60 hours will only be answered if a @nextbit employee happens to check in over the weekend.  they covered what to expect a few comments down for all save cdma and the affected regions.  if my phone, electric colorway  to us, shipped yesterday, fedex has failed to update their tracking information, as all i have is creation of the tracking number, nothing more.
@singh karan, have you tried with a reference number (found on fedex tracking details of shirt & charger shipment) with your address in delivery manager on fedex site.  i got the tracking number on the 10th on fedex site and then again today from @nextbit, however no movement yet since tracking number was created and there's the weather delay issue at the memphis fedex hub.  if nothing can be found on fedex site try reaching nextbit on monday.  even with tracking created i doubt my phone will land before wednesday, or even as late as friday.  simply guesses on my part based on what i know at this point.
no tracking yet for us early backer -> electric.
@nextbit hello ! i'm hk backer and received the tracking info 09mar morning. until now, there is no record found at sf express'system. (over 76 hrs...very disappointed) has anyone (hk backer) received the phone ?
@venkatesh, no, 349 is not early adopter (sadly, i got that too). in other words, expect your phone to ship tuesday coming.
10 march review http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/03/10/nextbit-robin-review-a-surprisingly-solid-crowdfunded-smartphone-but-not-without-its-flaws/
@michael e.  if you don't receive it in the next 24 hrs suggest contacting nextbit on monday
us backers looking for electric on 3/14, beware flooding in the fedex hub in memphis has all but shut down flights in or out, so expect delay from mid to end of week. based on fedex report(s) of interruptions nation wide.  i also got an email (today) with the same tracking number that showed up a day earlier on fedex delivery manager.  but now, it is mid morning in hk and no update of status has shown, so hk flight to memphis has likely been cancelled and logistically, if memphis is shut down they have no choice but to wait until memphis can receive and reship to other parts of country.  so a fedex tracking number created on 3/10 waits for further movement due to flooding in an around memphis, tn.  (thoughts and opinions are my own, and i have no knowledge, other than those found on the web, nor experience with any entity mentioned in this post.)
thank you robin!!!
so excited so excited so excited so excited!!  soon my electric beauty you will be all mine!!
us backer, electric, still haven't gotten my tracking number.
@a. joseph - i third @thomas, and second @andre v talley.  more details please on project fi working on robin.  thanks!
i received fedex tracking this morning for my electric robin. i was never worried and didn't mind waiting a little bit.
@nextbit man you've put us on a roller coaster ride, and i have to say i'm not a fan of the whole experience. i've been avidly following, trying to inform ppl on the updates and what makes this phone great. however lately it's been letdown over letdown. phones gonna come this week.. next week. sometime in february, sometime in march. i've wanted a new phone since november needed one since january. no app drawer (& a less than desirable seperate widget screen) is an insta-launcher swap, posing the question as to why change it in the first place. (i hope you do put it back, this phone would be horrid without a app drawer.. as bad as this iphone) maybe i should have just gone out and gotten myself a 5x, moto x or sony something. i've lost interest in kickstarters now especially if this is considered a successful one*
thanks nextbit. i belong to the 349 pledge. shipping includes 444$. so i believe it's part of the early adopter. please confirm. i m number #4871. i reside in uk
@nextbit you mean asia includes taiwan/japan, right?
i'm guessing by the updates someone has flown out there to sort it out well done that man @nexbit
hoping to see an email this weekend....dying up here in canada!
@branden and damon, we just confirmed with our logistics team that aus and nz will be shipped in the saturday batch. @venkatesh if you had an "early adopter" pledge, those will go out first. @tyler it often takes up to 1 day from issuing the tracking number until it works. if you still are having problems after that please contact our customer service through help.nextbit.com
@nextbit i got the tracking number and i'm stoked but the tracking number comes up as invalid when i try and use it
@nextbit, should i expect the tracking nber tomorrow?? i m in london. it  is little confusing between 3 & 4th point
thanks for the update @nextbit. as @branden mentioned could you please advise where australia fits into this update? looking forward receiving my robin. not long now :)
@nextbit looking at your shipping status for regions, i'm unclear where australia falls in regards to timing here. are we part of the asia backers? are we part of the europe and japan group? or are we a country with delays? thanks, branden.
3. remaining canada backer and europe early backer orders should be sent out tomorrow. you should receive a tracking number over the weekend i'll believe it when i see the email!
just recieved tracking says it will be here monday.. i'll believe it when i see it. happy to get tracking though. ty
@a.joseph - i second @thomas; i thought project fi was nexus phones only?!?
rebels, now that so many of you have started to receive tracking numbers we wanted to pop in and let you know exactly what the shipping status is for robin in all regions. tl;dr we are now finally at a point with our factory and our logistics center that we have an accurate model of when orders will ship. 1. asia backers (excepting countries where we are held up by regulatory process) have all been sent their robins. by now many of you should have received them. 2. the last batch of robins for us backers were sent out yesterday. you should have all gotten your tracking number in an email today. 3. remaining canada backer and europe early backer orders should be sent out tomorrow. you should receive a tracking number over the weekend. 4. the rest of europe backers as well as japan will be sent their robins early next week (likely tuesday).  5. at that point all that remains are the countries where we have informed you of delays as well as the cdma model. we are sorry it took us so long to get to the point where we could tell you when to expect your robin with this kind of accuracy. but we're relieved to finally get there with you.
i got my tracking id us gsm electric. if the package weighs 2.87 lbs will i get all my accessories?
@a. joseph...robin works with project fi? i was unaware of that functionality. can you share more info?
us electric backer. just got tracking info for my robin. hang in there rebels; they're on the way.
@darren anslow, uk midnight backer, nothing so far.
@darren lol groundhog day. yep what was old news is new again. "we're a small team" "hopefully middle of this week" middle of this week...middle of this...oh oh nevermind we have no idea where the phones are.
previously, cases and film had crowded i think that had to buy. if you confirm, i did not able to buy, i bought today. this order # 2153. my robin is ready to ship of how can, or shipped would be another difficult? backer number # is 4210. thank you for your attention.
@nextbit: what is the status of shipping to indian backers?
@daniel they told me today that they expect aus shipping/tracking info to start "around next tuesday" so i guess we've been pushed out by another week...
eta aus, what say ye?
just spoken to fed ex , nothing for me coming to the uk guess it will be next week now hey nextbit ??? groundhog day !!!!
some comments made by other, non techie people about robin. "it looks so clean and professional, like it came from the future." "that phone looks really expensive." "that thing looks so futuristic." "why has iphone not made speakers on the front?" and last but not least, "unlimited storage? i want unlimited storage!"
anyone in the uk had any shipping news yet ???
been using my robin about 3 weeks now on project fi and using hangouts as primary messaging app everything works fine. only feature of fi i do not have is i'm only on tmobile network. no switching from what i can tell to sprint. wifi calling works fine.  oh and i wish we could use the cloud storage whenever we wanted to.
anyone from germany got shipping news yet?
where's the french robin? please can't wait...
for ks backers what date will be utilized for our "original date of purchase" in regards to the limited warranty?  https://www.nextbit.com/pages/warranty
the writer of the phonescoop article (link is further down from james r) seems to me to be just a very negative person.. nothing seems to be good enough.. the size of 5.2 is a little bit to big for him, the corners are to sharp to keep the phone in his pockets and so on... but the robin is probably not a perfect phone for everyone. nonetheless i am still looking forwar to receive it soon
i'm still very excited for this phone, but admittedly i now find myself doing something i'd never even worried about during the campaign - hoping i get a *good* robin... fingers crossed :|
thanks nextbit
@james r. @jordan : after nextbit know my issue, i also agree that they should have  more concern about the qc. even they're offer replacement for all defective :'( (yeah, i'm happy for their responsibility) @nextbit : actually it's not like dropping, but look like it was scratched and peeling out. (btw, i haven't dropped or did anything just saw the peeling after finish charging) maybe it came from your manufacturer (in my opinion)
@ cheung anson @nextbit  thanks for the update. can't wait for my robin! gosh, it's really the first time i'm so anxious of getting something .......
hmm that review doesnt make me very excited to get this phone :(
i see many post about individuals waiting for their phone. i am us backer , midnight gsm and i haven't received my phone nor indication that my phone will be shipped "next week". as frustrating may be more communication can be provided between the buyer and seller.
hope we can receive the phone very soon.
thanks nextbit for your information.
@jordan - we're not exactly sure what happened here, but our team confirmed that robin doesn't have a clear coat, so peeling should never occur. from memy's photo, it looks like it dropped/scratched somehow. regardless, we are looking into it.
hey hk backers - for some of you it looks like the sf express number isn't working for you for tracking. we're contacting them to see what the deal is. however, know that your units have been shipped already and are in transit. @us and @uk/eu backers , and the rest of the regions - most units are shipping tonight (thursday pt) and through the weekend. again, we'll try to get tracking asap!
hi nextbit, i am a hk backer, received the track link 9/3/2016 hktime 6.00am but until now (more than 60 hours) i still cannot use the link to obtain relevant information.  shall i call the express company?  or what's wrong with it?  please advise.
review unit with qc concerns: rough seams, uneven joints, bent body http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php…
*scratches head* yeah... not sure how robins as bad a memy's get passed around, shrink wrapped and put in a box without anybody noticing the painfully obvious defects. there has to be some extreme lack of care there? cosmetic defects are very easy to catch but i can understand how the very tiny woopsies can get through, we're all human... but damn. somebody had to put those robins in their boxes knowing those defects were there. quality control solves these issues which does guarantee the mutant robins never see the light of day. to say that you can't guarantee this means that there is no quality control? i'm very worried about having to go through rma, you might be able to tell... i didn't think problems that bad could ever be an issue, it seems like madness.  i hope you guys are getting some compensation every time the manufacturer f****s up your phones. also hope everyone receiving a f***ed up phone is getting swift, a* treatment. i've seen a robin in my hand at the meetup.. it was beautiful. pains me to think some people won't be getting that initial experience i had. good luck to us all.
@nextbit when you talk about "eu" you mean actually europe or only the eu? and did the europe stuff ship now?
are tracking numbers still going out tomorow for electric?
@creator why are they shipping out second quality units with obvious defects? why not save the hassle and get the problem fixed and/or stop them before they leave? you've said each one is handled, polished and boxed. why are they not looking for blemishes then..why isn't the factory? you really need someone in china to oversee that process and save yourself the hassle of returns that may take forever as you're still trying to catch up on orders.
when is d mr1 update? / os update? waiting for super duper updates on camera.
@nextbit - no sign of tracking/ref number, yet for uk rebels :)
@nextbit like other backers, i too noticed tearing of the layer just next to charging / mic. the phone don't seem to have any scratches or dents around that area.
@bibin - there are definitely some issues we've seen from backers that we're exchanging units for. however, realize we can't guarantee 100% that the units you receive won't have an abberation, and if they do, to what degree. i think we should look at them on case-by-case basis to see if they fall within tolerances. @a.s. - as far as we know about cdma, that is still on track!
@jordan collins - agreed about the quality control issues needing to be addressed.  particularly as the reviews i've read consistently rated it favorably.  for those that have received their phones and commented here i've noted @memy memy (one peeling, another warped); @ioscar (bent, camera rattles)
@phillip there were two special sim tray variants (gold and silver) for early backers... the standard sim tray ships with the phone.... all special sim trays will ship out with any o/s accessories.
so did they ever reveal what the 'special' and 'very special' sim trays were about?  it looks like a normal sim tray to me.
i got changed my cc! jpn early backer, midnight.
good point! what's up with the black sheep? starting to feel like one while waiting for an electric robin
i hope it's just to expect a clarification from nextbit due to growing concerns of quality issues . please tell us everything is under control :-) ...creator ..
bah bah black sheep, where the hell did you come from?!?!?!?!?!
@nextbit - can you please address the progress on the cdma version of the robin in your next update or even as a general answer to this message?  are we still on target for april?  if yes, when in april?  do you anticipate the phones and accessories coming in the same box instead of multiple parcels as the gsm backers have been getting?  i, like most of the others, appreciate the difficulties of getting things moving and understand there are always logistical hurdles (the unforeseen bump on the back of the phone noted on the community forums in particular) but there has been no direct addressing of the cdma issue since update 23 on january 21!.  some direct information - not vague - would be appreciated.  thanks.
@nextbit - just a quick note. while watching a youtube video from a 9to5google review discussing features in the new android n dev release, guess what i saw? only an all-black nextbit rebel vinyl mascot prominently displayed on the reviewer's desk, that's all! take a look for yourselves - mascot shows briefly at the 0:51 mark and again at the 2:42 mark for almost the rest of the video.  https://youtu.be/5nob7jscnny
same here, my fedex delivery manager shows a tracking number with cases scratches frost, sim tray - gold, robin gsm electric. est. delivery monday 3/14 by 10:30am. very excited!
@ktt thanks for the tip. just signed up, logged in, and was greeted with a tracking number. contents per the delivery manager - cases scratches frost, sim tray - gold, robin gsm electric.  awesome!
@praveen i'm all up to date with the updates dude, not really the information i'm asking for there. and for @all  i've put my stand models up here for you to download: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1395627 still unable to test them without my robin but they "should" fit. only printed the stand, not the docks and it turned out great.
@jordan collins: i am sure nextbit is monitoring the situation and taking (or has already taken) corrective measures. they had spoken about production / shipping timelines getting stretched due to quality issues with some batches of midnight for e.g. as i understand, nextbit has readily offered replacements to anyone who has notified them of hardware issues with their devices.
hello, i received my robin 2 weeks ago and had to pay customs when it arrived from fedex. i emailed nextbit and a representative named kevin immediately emailed my back and said what i paid for customs would be refunded to me. i emailed him a photo of the fedex receipt as per his request and he said that he would start the refund process. it's been 2 weeks since my last correspondence with kevin and have yet to hear back from him. i previously attached a copy of the receipt from fedex for the extra customs of $54.45 cad that i paid. he last said that this amount would be refunded to me. can you please advise me when my $54.45 cad will be refunded to me? thanks for your time. i await your reply.
i think the quality control issues need to be publicly addressed. they are not rare instances now and people need to be assured of the measures taken to prevent these cases from happening. how sure can we be that we will not get this issue and if we rma, how sure can we be the next phone won't have the same issue after another long wait? basically, do you guys know where the problem is coming from? is it being solved?
@ktt yea, i've been monitoring the fedex delivery manager pretty much daily since the shipments first started going out last month. the only active tracking number i currently have is the one that was created on the 2nd with an expected delivery date of the 4th, which has already passed by.  the contents say t-shirt and charger, and i already received those last month. so still patiently waiting for either a new one or the current one to change status.
@nextbit number of cases where they have issues with the back cover (bump on the back ) . i am worried about the quality control !! what will happen if i receive a similar one ? it's not cheap to ship it back ..please clarify .
i've just received my robin the other day. it's absolutely awesome. the only thing that's annoying me and i still can't figure out how to fix it is that i tried moving the app icons around, organizing all the apps, and then some of them just poof... disappeared. at first i was really confused and then i noticed that they were all ghosted on the widget screen. but i can't seem to find the ways to bring them back to the normal screen. i tried searching for this solution but couldn't find any. anyone got the same problem?
for those of you in the us, sign up for fedex delivery manager if you haven't yet. i saw my tracking number and contents...electric!!!
@memy memy, it looks like some injection molding issues are present in both your phones. i hope not too many more are getting through qc. not a good start.
@cheung anson, don't worry. you are not alone :)
hi again nextbit, sorry to bother you again :'( just received two of my robin yesterday, one (mint)  have bumpy on back cover (which nextbit has take responsibility by replace the new one, really appreciate their help:’)) and for another one (midnight)  which i have charged battery and set the phone last night.  i have checked the appearance this morning and found the scratchy at the area near charging port. � and it looks like the skin will peel out. i would like to ask for the reason. i have no idea why its skin became like this �because i haven't scratch it or drop it. do you have any suggestion for fixing it? link here: https://goo.gl/photos/gzbbsvzzioafo4pc9
hk backer, received the track link more than 24 hours but still got no information from the courier (i.e. no search result).  don't know why!!
@venkatesh - we hope there aren't delays either. the phone can be charged with any chargers that you have that accept a usb type-a input.
@nextbit, thanks for d update. hope there wudnt b any more delays for the phone. we all (backers) wanting to receive d phone without any damage by mid of march!! / 3rd week. can the phone b charged with chargers such as android phone's or blackberry's or lumia's charger?
please be aware that it is possible your shipments may not come with some of the accessories you've purchased including brusies cases, scratches cases, screen protectors, and special sim trays. those will come in a separate package when they are all ready (hoping by the end of the month). also, some of you may not receive chargers if you live in asia, australia, and eu because the different chargers required some tweaking to meet regulations. we will try to combine those with the accessories packages so you should be receiving that later as well. remember you can charge your robin with any usb type-a charger because our cable is type-a to type-c.
hi all, hope everyone is doing good. we got updates from our logistics team this morning that nearly all of the asia units have shipped and now the other regions have started as well. we expect tracking information by the end of the week, but hopefully sooner (these also include electric, just in case you were wondering).
would like to know reviews for below sony xperia z5 compact vs microsoft lumia 950 vs nexus 5x vs nextbit robin
@venkatesh : yes, because of their responsible make me feel really relieved :'( i just received and opened box today! i hope it won't take too long time, but who knows (really hope to get the replacement soon : finger crossed!) yes, i also hope they will handle the parcel with care too! and everybody should receive robin with no bumpy!
thank god. that they will rectify it. i guess we can expect around a month or two to receive ur new case. until then u may use an alternative cover it case u have. yes it's very evident due to its color!! nevertheless, it happens like that even for a established mobile companies. hope you will get the replacement very soon!! i hope the courier / delivery guys handle the shipment with care!
i know this sounds a bit out there but all these issues weather shipping or factory build issues all seam to be blamed on communication surly it would make sense for nextbit to have employees at both facilities for the next month while the issues are ironed out emails can travel the world in seconds you now just my thoughts �
@vipin : yes, i already did they will help me about replace the new one :'( anyway big bumpy! @ jordan : yes, that big bump! they said that will send new one for me first because it such a big one (bumpy!) and they have no idea what happend! so, i can continue use my bumpy until new one arrive (that good news for me) but i don't know how long the replacement will come, hope it will be soon.
wow @memy that's the worst one i've seen. it's making me curious about the quality control with so many of these cases slipping through. the buldge + the speaker static defects are increasing and are immediate rma's for me as neither are acceptable. the bigger worry is how long you need to wait for a new phone after you send that one back...
@memy tatz a big bump...y dont u guys get in touch vth nextbit help nd get it replaced!
@lars : yes,bump on the back lower the cloud icon :'( @venkatesh : i have attach link here : https://goo.gl/photos/9vj6u6az3cwq7u4y5 seem not big but when you touch you can feel that :'(
@gianluca mi spiace che sei preso alle strette ma tieni duro che forse è arrivato il nostro momento... forse. @marcello speriamo dai sarebbe ora anche a me hanno detto la stessa cosa ma fino ad ora hanno sempre smentito tutto quindi l'unica cosa è aspettare e sperare.
@kaspar: that would be great.. thought i am the only swiss here ;-)
@nextbit any news if the europe stuff (incl. switzerland) shipped yesterday as planed? thx for the info.
@venkatesh it means there's some kind of bump on the back. @memy you're not the first to report this...
@memy, what is swollen ? i didn't get it!!
dear, nextbit i just receive robin today, so exciting when it arrive. but after open box and set up it, i found mystery swollen on back of my robin! btw, everything is fine. robin make a smooth connection but why swollen why wanna cry :'( is it because of battery? nfc or manufacturer? please kindly give me an answer. thanks  memy :'(
@krish, this is what scott replied to my tweet yesterday, "the certification agency says it's 4-5 weeks to completion. argh!".  so our wait continues :(  @nextbit: but ya please give an eta, its almost 5 weeks since you notified about the issue through mail! that there is a delay...... hoping for positive response.
:)))..daniel us trying to play prank here :)), i guess
@tracee: let me know where you live and i will "check" it for you ;-)
@creator is there any updates on shipping to india..?? this long wait is killing us...:(
got a call from the delivery guy informing me that he left the package behind our main door's gate. i just hope he shoved it far enough so that no one can reach it.
if i am missing the charger... will it be shipped later? gt my phone package but missing the quick charger
on march 1st i asked if there was an eta on cdma versions. is it an unreasonable question to ask how you are coming along on the sprint/verizon versions?
@nextbit thanks(^o^)/  i know you guys work really hard. i'm gonna sit and meditate front of the door to wait  fedex coming. i hope it will be patience is a rare virtue.
@nextbit, thanks for the informal updates.  they are truly appreciated, especially given some of the logistical challenges you faced late in the process.  just to clarify, as an early backer for electric in north america, it is safe to assume that i will get a shipping notification by the end of the week. thanks...
for taiwan and japan. we believe units for japan should start going out this weekend, or early next week. however, it looks like taiwan has to go through a certification process first so there's no updated eta yet.
@nextbit any update for japan/taiwan backers?
uk - electric backer. eagerly await the device. whenever it arrives.
thank you for the update
hi everyone! we are working really hard to get your your tracking numbers. again, this week we are looking to fulfill us, eu, aus, asia, and canada orders. if you haven't received your tracking information yet, it's because we're waiting for our distributor to get us that info. we are expecting to receive them thursday or friday (but that just means your phones are already on their way). some of these shipments will include electric devices, as you may have seen from other backers. thanks again for your patience!
@nextbit i'm a backer from the us and have yet to receive any tracking information for my robin
@jung - in how many days you received your robin from the date of your credit charge (accessories)? any idea?
@kaspar, in how many days you received your robin from the date of your credit charge (accessories)? any idea?
*some
got my robin today, very pretty design! but anyone's robin got some hissing coming from the the earphones? its like those static sound when earphones are plugged in come computers...
anche qua ancora niente.. maledetto electric!! ho contattato nextbit via mail e mi hanno detto che ci sarà un'altra spedizione di electric in settimana.. speriamo
@all @nextbit i really need a phone because mine is dead, so i think i'll buy another phone. do you know if it is possible at this point to have a refund? i don't even have a tracking number for robin
@davide no, ancora niente, nemmeno il numero di spedizione. anche io mi sto arrabbiando e quasi mi pento a non aver scelto un altro colore.
@estel: probably by the end of a week...... ;-)  just kidding. i'm still waiting too
i am a double pack kickstarter backer (2 electric) in the us and i still have yet to receive any shipping information (not even for the accessories) although my card was charged on march 1. any idea on when we will be getting some more information?
@creator please check your dm inbox..!! thank you,
receive robin, scratches case, and t-shirt today (in hong kong). i'm missing the bumps case, charger, glass screen protector, and special sim slot (for early birds). hoping that they're all in the next shipment instead of missed.
haven't received anything so far, except a message last week, that my credit card got charged for a case (which i dont remember i ordered ;-) ) waiting impatiently.....
@nextbit good morning, us backer; original #3457-mystery #4380, sent you a private message just now.  i would appreciate a response by close of business today if possible.  thank you.
did everyone in the us get their scratches case?
i'm an early adopter from sg and has received my phone today. came with the t-shirt but missing the charger and the bruise cover. presume on the next shipment?
got my robin tracking number from nextbit already! i am a backer from indonesia backing on mint.. thanks nextbit! hopefully the package will be complete without missing items.. can't wait! =)
received my robin today but no charger... @nextbit can message me on this thanks....
@gialuca da prato tu per caso hai ricevuto qualcosa? io sto terminando la pazienza, lo so che devo stare calmo ma tra gennaio e marzo la differenza è tanta. voglio il mi elettrico. @emanuele come va il robin? vale l'attesa?
@cheung anson, you are not alone, so do i (hk backer #2256)
@sean c. i know i done the survey when i received the message for it. my backer # 2206. i guess i can't do anything but to continue waiting
@nextbit robin should get smart functions . such as ambient display , double tap to wake , always listening and a fast camera start possibility . for people who do not need these features and want to save battery life , these persons schould be able to disaible the functions in the settings.
@cheung anson, received tracking number (s.f express) from nextbit yesterday.
got my electric and accessories today from thailand. i received tracking number from nextbit last saturday.
@rl, so good to have your nextbit.  just want to know whether you got your track reference before you received your phone? i am still waiting and no email, no phone! (hk backer)
@nextbit, just received electric in hk, looks great thanks! but something missing below : quick charger - uk charging cable - long screen protector - tempered glass very special sim tray and the scratches case was broken
hi, today i have received robin gsm midnight already. although i don't get shipping information. i'm a backer #810 in thailand.
@tracee mine also shipped last saturday too and will arrive on wednesday!
got my tracking number this morning. based on the info, it shows that it shipped last saturday and is scheduled to arrive on wednesday evening my time. asian backer. electric.
i never see people praying for a mobile phone, but that's what i'm doing just now. as a taiwan backer i'm still waiting for tracking number for my midnight robin.
just receive tracking number from nextbit! , i'm asian backer ! so exciting :)
@rashun the surveys went out last october.
i am very happy to hear many backers received robin or tracking number. also, the phones have been shipping to hk and asian, recently, except japan/taiwan. @nextbit we japan/taiwan buckers want ro have more information after latest update.  do you still struggle with sticker issue ?
the survey for this reward hasn't been sent by nextbit yet. is this the reason i haven't received my phone. i'm in fort worth, tx & know others who received their phones already.... this is frustrating
hey rebels, @sean we're expecting to fulfill canadian orders starting the middle of the week (per our update), so that's why you haven't received any tracking info yet. @darren, they are vague because we don't know with absolute certainty, so when we have info we do release that to you guys. @hl - read it, and have forwarded on to our team.  @lee and lum - more asia units are going out! we'll get tracking info asap.
hey nextbit, please answer my mail about the fedex invoice. 5 days since i sent the mail �
@ darren, let's wait until 15th. i m in uk / london. i chose electric. i agree with d frustrating mind and restless. i m still being patient until 15th. lets wait until 15th... until then we shall hold our excitement and frustrations. wat say?
@sean spot on mate , all updates are very vague to say the least nothing firm then shipping next week etc nothing firm ie day. you can understand peoples frustration , we all understand new product etc etc but for a company that has done so well getting to market it seems this final bit is very unprofessional , really dragging now
@chun phone colour doesn't matter neither does level of backer.  i'm an early adopter spot from canada that ordered midnight and i haven't received anything because (insert excuse here)...i truly think they have no control over their production or shipping and are just hoping this all fixes itself. hence the vague timeline updates.
@darren - nothing here.
i am a regular backer that choose mint from indonesia. i heard some people from malaysia and singapore already got their robin.. we are neighbouring countries, but i still don't get any updates or tracking number yet.. =( @nextbit, do you have any idea about my robin? sorry if it's like so pushy, but i just want some clarity from your side. can't wait for robin to arrive!  thanks!
i am an early adapter that made the mistake of chosen electric colorway.  i have no doubt about the quality of this product and hope i will be rewarded soon for having faith in this project, but this experience has turn from extreme excitement to endless frustration.   i hold my breath once again hoping the last update about the shipping and production issues are resolved and seeing an email with tracking number to appear in my inbox.
glad to read that more and more ppl are getting their tracking numbers or have received their robin....i am not sure if those are still the early backers.i am wondering because i am just a normal backer but i have yet to receive anything. electric backer from canada
see kl have received electric , anyone in uk received any tacking info ??
@mark schawacofer people just want honest answers mate not vague promises , and there is a simple solution if you dont like it ,dont come on here and read the comments you have a choice !!!!
hi kay or khang. i hope you can read the vice article and take it to heart. they've taken the more gentle language. a lot of companies do adopt the similar terms, ok. some better and "rebellious" ones don't take the template route, but let's stay here for now. what differentiates stability and credibility is how clearly this is communicated and the information is readily available, with critical updates to policies also notified in a professional manner. with the system itself, there are reasonable improvements such as client side encryption that you could implement so that the disclaimers actually make sense. you are not giving us an option of insurance at all here, and this is your breakthrough feature. and come on, aws isn't credible enough. there are things beyond control of the hey rebels attitude, as you also duly pointed out. i am speaking to ones who would benefit from my raising this issue.
from 2 march, nextbit said it would ship to asian backers starting last week.  but so far, we still have received nothing, at least for me and some of those backers. i doubted very much why there are so many batches divided for delivery.  for example, hk has not much backers, but some received track references and some not yet received.  the logistic team should really think about the way to improve significantly.
we did supported your project. we did provide the startup fund for you. we paid for a long time, but why we still waiting...........
"in hong kong have some shop selling already， but we still not get it ,why we get this phone late that other people， i'm so disappointed" agreed x 100
hk backer, still waiting for the tracking number....
midnight robin backer from the philippines. got my reward! thanks nextbit!
received the tracking number for my electric robin (i'm from asia btw). eta is 8th of march! hopefully will be receiving it by tomorrow. hopefully i can contain my excitement and everything goes smoothly. fingers crossed!
so many whiners. can't wait to get my phone  if for nothing else so i dont have to  see the bull on this site! never doing kickstarter again . i'll wait for the finished product next time after it gets to market.
@hl - we, like other companies that use aws (amazon web services..that credible enough?) can never guarantee 100% that the system will never be hacked. data that we gather to offer our services is encrypted, and we have redundancies and safeguards in place that will help to secure your data. now, if someone really wanted to put the immense amount of time and effort to do it, there's always the possibility, and if something were to happen, we will contact you immediately. @nicolette - no, don't worry, we just don't have the tracking information yet. we should have it early next week. we will send out an email to you with tracking info just as we have other backers. @vipin - we appreciate the patience. the delay in india is very serious to us and we're doing what we can to resolve it. remember, that two, or more, parties have to come to an agreement, so it's not just on our legal team. @kuot - thank you for the shipping suggestions, our logisitics team will take a look.
mint backer from asia, singapore. should i be concerned i haven't received a tracking number, or have nextbit just not emailed it to everyone yet?
https://motherboard.vice.com/read/nextbit-robin-cloud-storage-security article that warns about the security model. also worth reading the privacy/terms on nextbit's website as they've revised it recently with more specific disclaimers (the formatting's horrible though. someone just copy pasted the text onto the website without highlighting the section headers). most notably, they are no longer stating that they'll be "doing their best" to keep it secure; if anything it's downgraded from their bold statements during reddit ama earlier in the campaign and previous version of the privacy policy. now they'll do "something" to secure the data but "can't ensure it'll work" and "it's at your own risk". also they "may allow" us to adjust our privacy settings (i'm laughing). not direct quotes btw, just putting it in plainer words, have a read for yourself and judge. i'd say if you are even mildly concerned about privacy or want to be proactive against tracking / data collection, just enjoy the decent hardware. opt out of the smart storage. nextbit isn't really committing to their headline selling point just yet with third party storage and a server side key management. i think it would have been much more of a sustainable model if nextbit paired up with credible cloud providers and have a stronger, device based encryption suite like the way 1password or many other encryption softwares do, and provide a desktop or web-based decryption-only interface.
fed up of hearing "no updates or eta abt shipping dates to india" will it ship anytime soon?  no clear picture to backers what the issue really is? have a doubt tat is it ( regulatory issue) really being prioritized and taken care of,  cos of ur shipping mess to other regions
:/ hk backer. still waiting for my tracking no. too..(double mint)
it's already too late
if its not already too late. i suggest using tnt, toll or dhl for shipping to aussies. just because in my experience ordering things online, tnt and toll have been lighting fast. dhl however i've heard good things from and i assume is a great all rounder shipping company :)
http://www.theverge.com/2016/3/5/11158952/nextbit-robin-nexus-5x-comparison-test-review-video
oh i am hk backer.... still waiting for the tracking code..... my back number is 14xx -.-
ya! hk backer got sfexpress tracking number too!
still not get any tracking for my order.  is that any problem?
got my sfexpress tracking number too! (hong kong backer)
yo! finally got the tracking number, i'm hong kong electric backer and nextbit used sf express for hk backers!
got my tracking number...singapore rebel here...great work nextbit... now the real waiting begins....
@nextbit thanks for all the hard work you put into this phone, it really paid off!
@giacomo - thanks for the great review! we know there's plenty we can still improve upon. the camera is being addressed and from the fixes we've implemented, it's much faster! that will go out in our upcoming mr1 update. :)
second impressions: so far, after using the robin for about a week and a half, the experience has been over all very positive. performance: the performance on the robin has been great. everything seems smooth and fluid, and there is very little stuttering. it has no problem running heavy games or surfing the web. the worst i can say about it is that the phone gets noticeably warm under a heavy load. (9/10) battery: the battery life has been good so far. standby times are amazing because of doze, and general usage times have been long. the batter does start to take a slight dip once you start pushing it. the phone dropped 35% after about an hour and a half of heavy gaming. over all, the phone has no problem lasting a full day and usually has around 30% battery left when i plug it in at night. the robin also charges very quickly, even without using the quick charger. (8.5/10) screen: the screen on the robin is great. nothing that will blow you away, but it does hold up very well during everyday usage. colors look great. there is some back light bleeding around the edges, but it is usually not noticeable and is very faint when it is. the worst thing about the display is that it doesn't get very bright, or very dim. it as an oddly low range of brightness. (8/10) camera: the camera is good, but not great. it is slow to capture and for some reason images look terrible when zoomed in. the other problem with the camera is the dynamic range. bright lights, and objects that are illuminated by a bright light are consistently blown out if you want clarity in the shadows and vice versa. (7.5/10) build/ extra stuff: build is solid, but i did notice some creaking and rattling. nothing too bad at all, and this is really just nit picking. finger print scanner works well and is extremely fast, but usually takes a second tap to register. speakers are loud but can get somewhat staticy at high volumes. over all the build is very solid, especially for the price. (8.5/10) price: (9/10) final score: 8.5/10  i am very happy to be using robin as my daily device, and can't wait to see what nextbit does next!
@katharine - you should not have to pay it. and these instances are becoming rarer. in the case that you do pay, please contact us for a refund at support@nextbit.com @lars - delays in benelux can't be rushed unfortunately. we're trying to resolve them asap.
come on guys, it's been almost a month since us backers in the benelux received that email that our orders would be put on hold... still nothing's changed?
hi, just received a fed ex bill for the robin we received here in canada on feb 25. i'm not sure if this charge is one i have to pay or nexbit is paying, just want to confirm who is paying this bill, its has our address as the billing address so i\m thinking we are on the hook for the $57.84? could you please clarify
nextbit please say that the benelux phones ship before april
looking like electric in usa week ending march 18th, as i have speculated for over a week.  git'rdun @nextbit.
great news for us uk backers. so very excited to get my robin.  can you specify when next week uk shipments will sent?  thanks for the update!
@kuot actually... @robert, sorry for the delayed reply, scratches and the tempered glass protector were delayed due to last minute tweaks. we charged your card and expect to get those items to you and other people who bought them later this month in a second shipment. @darren, venkatesh - in our update, we said that uk will ship next week. for asia backers - according to our logistics team, your units have been shipped and we should be getting tracking numbers later today/tonight at which point we'll email you with those so you can follow it. for backers in the us, canada, eu, aussies, and other regions, we're expecting shipments to go out middle of next week, so you can expect tracking numbers around friday. hope that gives everyone some expectations...(india, benelux - no updates yet).
i don't think nextbit works on the weekends
no response for this nextbit? --- "how do i get money back for the case and screen protector i ordered? my credit card was charged on february 11th and not given shipping info. it seems this is delayed w/o an exact available date. i think this is dishonest to charge for something that you don't have yet. please let me know how i can cancel this order." looks like i just have to dispute it with my credit card company.
@noor not so more patient anymore !!! london uk not heard a thing !!
@noor. me too fromuk / london eagerly awaiting for robin.. no sign yet :)
@paul mclaughlin ..thanks for the link ..
@robin any idea when the eta will be for the verizon phones to ship to new jersey?
no any sign from nextbit :'( already weekend now.
hello hello hello... any update for patiently waiting uk customers? uk customers come forward. #patienceisavirtue
hey @nextbit, has any phones been shipped for australia yet?
im hoping my robin gets shipped soon my nexus 6 is randomly shutting off and restarting
hey @praveen - we don't have an eta yet and we completely understand how anxious you are about robin. we're trying our best to get backers info, but we just don't have it right now. thanks for your patience!
@nextbit - any indicative shipping dates for backers from india?
@qui tan - that's something we're already considering...but make sure to repost in the forums! there's a thread about suggestions where you can provide your ideas.
@loscar - have you reached out to support@nextbit.com yet?
@loscar http://www.samsung.com/uk/support/skp/faq/1053560
@loscar ...the sound is perfectly normal apparently, it's the lens moving in the camera. somebody posted a link to the samsung website explaining the design but i cannot remember if i read it on ks, reddit thread or the community forums! :-) i'll have a dig around and link to it if and when i find it... bdb
@giacomo cetorelli . thank you, it makes me feel better.
@nextbit i've red your last update.  what about the benelux?  can you tell us the reason why it's taking so long?
how do i get money back for the case and screen protector i ordered? my credit card was charged on february 11th and not given shipping info.  it seems this is delayed w/o an exact available date.  i think this is dishonest to charge for something that you don't have yet.  please let me know how i can cancel this order.
weealty@gmail.com the charger is a reward for reaching a funding stretch goal during the kickstarter campaign.  if you backed the phone during the campaign then yes you will get a charger. if you did not and ordered after the campaign was over then no you will not get one.
hi all - does getting a backerkit email notification saying payment taken re the extras ordered relate to any indication of imminent shipping (living in hope as ever)?
please add tap to wake and sleep feature  please
@fredrik - the team is working on improving the camera. it is actually a very capable camera in terms of the output, but we do know that the ui/ux can be improved. we're also looking to make it more feature-rich. we're listening to the community and reviews and we're doing our best to deliver!
@ioscar the same sound occurs on my unit when tapping next to the camera, however no pieces have fallen out. i think (hope) it is ok.  @weealty@gmail.com all backers will receive chargers.
hi i read from impartial reviewers that the robin has a very bad camera. that's not what i expected from a new and modern phone that i paid over 400 usd for.
ps. it would be nice if you could contact them as i doubt they'll be very open to people like me. bet they hear people complaining about taxes and saying they shouldn't pay every single day.
hello nextbit! thanks for a wonderful phone, loving it to bits! got several comments on my first day at work with it, people saying it looks awesome and asking which maker it is. however i'm afraid fedex pulled a dirty one on me, when asked whether any taxes would have to be paid by me the delivery said no. i asked since i've heard from other people about it. but what they instead did was to just send a bill the next day demanding i pay $100+ in taxes for it. i will contact them tomorrow about it, but i would be happy if you could (again?) contact fedex europe (sweden in my case) and tell them not to demand money of people who've already payed. (they only give you a 2 week window to pay to boost) best regards from a happy robin owning rebel
@emanuele grazie dell'aggiornamento e buon divertimento!!
has anyone from the us received their electric robin yet? also, have to concur that fedex is the worst for international shipping.
@davide @allitalians ricevuto oggi. (telefono, t-shirt e caricatore) in realtà la prima consegna è avvenuta martedì ma il corriere chiedeva la tassa doganale, ho quindi rifiutato l'ordine. ho dovuto chiamare il servizio clienti fedex (utilizzate la chat! evitate di spendere i soldi con l'199) che mi ha confermato che l'errore era del corriere e mi ha predisposto una nuova consegna per oggi. non ho ancora avuto il tempo di accenderlo.. ma ora ci gioco un po' :d
got my phone and my god is it gorgeous, fast and well built!
is it a joke - or do we not receive a charger for the phone? surely this is not the case?
hello , for those that got their robin, could you tell me if when you tap on top back of the phone (near the flash), if you hear a sound almost like if something is loose or moving inside....versus a tap at the bottom which sounds like tapping on the battery, a solid sound.  thanks .   i lost the back camera lens plastic circle cover, it unglued itself after 4 days!!!, and now i noticed this sound but do not know if it is normal.  thanks in advance for your feedback.
sostenitori italiani ancora visto niente??? o qualche fortunato lo ha ricevuto? ho appena visto l'unboxing di androidword.it .
hang in there guys. from what i have gathered so far: asia shipments will be happening this week for mint/midnight. backer numbers is not an indication of early or late shipment. from the latest update by nextbit, they are going by region instead.
@martin my pledge tier is "early adopter special", i though i must be the first batch of delivery, but somehow i am not....
@edmond number does not matter, only the pledge tier. i am #2803 and my phone is at the fedex centre in my country.
wow #375 still didn't receive any information, i am #4159 that means i have to wait till next year :(
my god nextbit, please don't use fedex för international backers in the future. they promised delivery yesterday. i called them today and they had no idea what has happened and that the package should have been delivered.  they where not entierly sure what my adress or my phone number was even. they might operate ok in the us but they are completely useless here.  my phone has been gathering dust for five days at their office :(
my backer number #375, i am an early backer from hkg. but i still haven't received any tracking information, please advise the status of the delivery.
android pay is live on robin #nextnow posted by eric! on twitter
dear nextbit, i haven't received my phone yet. and frankly speaking, i visit this section way less often than before your production started. however, my eagerness and excitement remain the same level. i see lots f comments complaining, but it's just they are extremely excited and want to get their phones asap. i know you know this but harsh words can also bring you down. some people may forget this fact. i'm in thailand and i saw that you'd ship the phone to this region soon. so i'll still be waiting patiently. i hope when i get to hold it physically, i will love it. just please give us updates about minor bugs and/or camera performance. that's all i ask for. cheers, :)
@giacomo - screen protectors and the scratches case will come in a separate shipment. we expect them to be ready by the end of next week, so along with other accessories (sim trays, etc.) we'll need some time to get them all together and ship in one remaining shipment for backer orders.
whoop never mind, i wish we could delete comments :/
@nextbit is it possible to get a clear status on australia shipping since it was not mentioned in the update?
@nextbit i got my robin one week ago (loving it), and still haven't heard anything about the screen protector or scratches case. i love my robin, and don't want it to break!
thanking you kindly.
@casualt - sorry for the delay in the response. we're expecting separate shipments for those who've ordered bruises, scratches and/or tempered glass protectors. backers and preorders should receive their accessories in a separate package by the end of month after their phones arrive. don't have an eta on those who've ordered 2/18 and more recently.
oooh @rhiney you big tease! ;-)
loving my mint robin
@nextbit. please answer my question.  interesting they haven't publicly acknowledged the "last" minute changes to their scratches and bruises cases. and screen protectors,  what's their eta?
atleast i got charge for the case yesterday, hopefully i"ll be receiving my robin soon!!!
@tracee until you get your fedex tracking number i wouldn't hold out much hope tbh.
i just got my robin! didn't have to pay a thing, thankfully, and i’m head over heels in love!!! got my vinyl mascot, bumps case, t shirt, the only thing missing was the screen protector, which i bought last through the website, so maybe it'll take a little longer to arrive.
@tracee - it most likely is.
does anyone know if credit card charges are an indication that the items are about to be shipped?
@dennis - simply retrieve your email from backerkit which has the link to your survey. you can see all of your selections there. if you had selected add-ons / accessories, you (your card) would be charged for them when they process / ship your order.
@rebels  how does one find what accessories they ordered, pledge just mentions phone?  i think i ordered a case and a longer cable but i'm not certain now.  my accessory charge was $35 as had been charged the $299 + $25 (shipping?) for $324 back on october 1.  anyone?
@frederick i think it only applies to those in the us. you can create a fedex delivery manager account for free.
accessories charged +1 #electric #kickstarterspecialpledge #hkbacker
i've been silent all this while, but now am getting frustrated as none of the issues cited for a delay have any bearing to me and yet i have absolutely no news! did not order a midnight or electric, am not in a country that has vat or duties and am not in any of the countries or locations that have issues raised in the latest update. for a team that cites lengthy industry experience and cvs with the world's leading companies as their credentials, #iamastartupexcuse is sounding a bit weak guys
@casualt what are the changes to the bruises case?
does anyone have the instructions previously posted to check if you have a package coming to your address?
@adv lol nice haiku
interesting they haven't publicly acknowledged the "last" minute changes to their scratches and bruises cases. and screen protectors,  what's their eta?
...which is weird cuz i already have them
yeah i got charged for my accessories today as well.
i was also charged for my bruises case this evening.
just been charged for my bruises case in the uk (tonight) , hopefully means phone will be coming soon
@alexis thank you so much for the kinds words. we really appreciate your understanding and patience and hope you love your robin when it comes.
hi, i haven't received my robin yet but i'm confident i will. and i can't wait to hold it in my hands because i just know its gonna be a great product. i just want to say that since the begining you guys impressed me on your communication and management skills. you're doing a really great job at keeping us informed and letting us know we matter to you not only as a customer but also as people who took a chance. i already backed a few projects before and you are my favorite even before receiving anything. please never change and never forget that important human side. thank you.
@oliver - we're happy you love it! @abe ;) @frederick - update says it all. @adv - drumpf. @shay - don't be sad..when you get electric, you'll love it.
any word on the cdma versions?
wish i had just ordered mint :(
change and hope abe said as trump is pushing far ahead get him a robin
any word on early backers?
@rebels, you got your update, "information." hope everything can relax a bit more.
have had my phone for just over a week and love it - great phone, great little computer and excellent all around. well done!
i'm not worried about it, but i will admit to being like a kid before christmas anxious and excited.
@chris thanks.  first kickstarter i've backed but have used similar platforms.  i agree it was an idea but it's long past that stage now.  as soon as they started selling to the public through their website it became a full blown operating company.  on the community, the lack of a consistent accurate messaging there is creating the frustration.  they need to use one platform for all messaging.  there was supposed to be a message yesterday.  they should do themselves a favour....under promise over deliver
welcome to backing your first kickstarter project @joshua and @seanking ! you've invested into a startup; an idea; you receiving a product is a benefit. there are communicating directly to their customers on their community site: https://community.nextbit.com/ they have stated on here as well they're making an announcement today.
@joshua what this guy said.
know what i'm tired of?  people defending the poor management of a product launch because it's kickstarter.  i have news for you...nextbit is a company.  they decided to use kickstarter as a launching pad for their business.  that doesn't mean customer service and basic communication goes out the window. they have a significant amount of money from each individual backer and they've done a poor job treating everyone not only as a customer but as someone who took a chance on them.
to whom it awaits electric will come the phone when fedex will show #haiku
everyone needs to act like adults.. why demand for updates every so often? first of all its not feasible yet the updates won't differ. everyone already has confirmation of backers receiving their units. this is kickstarter. they are a small company who are starting up.  they are humans. there will always be mishaps in projects. how can they physically give information to people which they don't have? they have been transparent and answered questions at all levels. be patient. it's only a phone.
@angelo, i think the update you saw is old. on the forums, they said last week that all phones to ks backers (except those with trademark, regulatory issues and cdma) will ship by the end of february (http://community.nextbit.com/t5/general-q-a/announcement-shipping-update/m-p/4218#u4218), including electric. now it's march and i think electric backers want confirmation that they have indeed started shipping. saying "they're shipping but we don't know how many" doesn't really inspire confidence. i didn't say that they should give daily updates. i gave an example of what i do when i miss a deadline at work. is it unreasonable to expect commitments to be met? these dates were set by them, not us. if you're saying that delays are the "norm" for ks projects, that's fine. all the more reason for frequent updates. giving vague answers or staying silent isn't the right approach. also, avoid generalised comments. you have no idea whether people read the answers or not.
@tracy they said the would begin shipping february 18th. they did not say shipping would be complete by that date. i don't think it's reasonable to expect and update everyday.  if you look at the comments that's what people want.  i believe they have a responsibility.  i want and need my bruise case and tempered glass.  i will not uses my phone until i receive those two items.  but i think that we have to be careful.  have you ever supported a kickstarter project before?  do you think your being reasonable?  do you think that others are being respectful or reasonable?  i see them responding a lot.  i agree that they need to post more update and answer less of your questions.  you people don't scroll through the answers.
@kt, i'm not sure, but i think the anxious ones are those who chose electric. we all know that midnight and mint phones are shipping out and some people who chose those already got theirs. i guess at this point, some electric backers want to know if they're already shipping or if they're delayed again. just my guess.
we know the team is producing phones. we know that people have received theirs. we know the team will provide tracking info when they have it. they've been very upfront about that, so if you can't be patient about it, then maybe people need to think about why they are so stressed out instead of projecting that onto nextbit. sure, i've got an electric coming, don't know when, but i know soon.. and i'm reading myself for the excitement.
i also haven't heard a thing for my early backer mint robin. it's not that it's on purpose, but i still have no information on anything... @kt
@kt, "i think it's bs when people have said they've been in the dark about stuff" ==> so far i dont have any news nor email about my midnight blue robin. i am backer #1128. how about that ??
also, everyone is looking at the op in the community, but have failed to read further...
@steve @darren everyone wants info. do you think they would purposely withhold information from us? when they have stuff to tell us, they will! according to khang, they have to go through a 3rd party distributor for tracking numbers. so if they don't get those numbers, they can't tell us. also, i've messaged the team tons of times and they've been super helpful. i think it's bs when people have said they've been in the dark about stuff. sure, things haven't gone as planned for the launch of the phone, but you guys need to relax knowing that the device is real, and you'll get it with tracking as soon as they have tracking numbers to give. it's quite hilarious to me how upset people are, and it really doesn't make any sense.
agreed, ross
my guess is that this all probably has more to do with inconsistent communication from suppliers in china than it does deceptive behavior by nextbit, but it doesn't stop the situation from being frustrating, and it doesn't absolve the missed deadline.  really wanted this to be a nice phone but they're really missing on their promises (camera, arrival) and it's adding up to be a disappointment
"here's the latest update from our logistics team: starting today (2/23), more units have shipped which we will provide tracking info for as soon as we have it. from friday through the weekend, we expect that nearly all units for backers, including international backers, will have shipped." this is what i want to know, have they all actually shipped?
...and they said they would update with information today. it's 8am in san francisco right now. my goodness. @darren follow your own advice. at the end of the day, it's a phone and we'll eventually get it. go out and enjoy life. :)
https://community.nextbit.com/t5/general-q-a/announcement-shipping-update/m-p/4218#u4218  -  for those that didn't spot it, i'm assuming this is the intended update.
what @tracee de jesus said. even if we did get ticked, the professional thing is still to let us know what happened, even if it's bad news. at first they had said we'd get an update yesterday (feb 29) and now we're getting it today (i'm doubtful). they had said all the early backers shipped end of feb, now we want to know if they actually did, and when we get our tracking numbers. it's not professional to keep everyone in the dark, even if there's no new knowledge, because then we end up going at each other like what is happening right now...
@abe @angelo ���� get a life , people just want info its that simple !!!
@kt my link below points to the latest update
holy moly people. they said they'd have an update in the morning. remember they are in california... so it's like 8am...give them time to get into the office! lol
@angelo, are you saying then that it's justified not to say anything because people get pissed even if new information is given? i'm sorry, but that's not professional. if you miss the dates, you have to explain because expectations have been set. people are only expecting that commitments be met. it was the company who made the promise. and, if dates are missed, then it's only reasonable that an update needs to be given. in this latest instance, the last update said that all ks phones will have shipped by the end of february. naturally, people now want to know what's happened. the same principle applies for any project, even at work. in my job in particular, we're expected to give a heads up if we foresee any delays long before the actual deadline. and if we miss the deadline, we give daily updates just to assure the client that we're continuously working on getting it delivered asap. also, there's a reminder to "be respectful and considerate". being sarcastic runs contrary to that.
@steve, if you're arguing semantics, marianna's argument was foolish, not the poster. thanks.
they are not shipping! phone are coming from shanghai.  so sorry that they can't give you minute to minute information.  when they give you information you people get pissed.
@abe, there may very well be issues beyond nextbit's control. nothing can be done about that. and, ultimately, people do just want their phones. but, in the absence of the phone, the next thing people want is new information.
@abe you are correct i made the same post a week ago.  it's all about being the first.  it has nothing to do with nexbit ability to get us our phones it this " stupid apple iphone mentality".  the fact that someone got there phone and you don't have yours yet is driving you people to sheer stupidity. i keep saying this and i will say it one more darn time.  "nexbit got these phones out very fast".  these phones have come out faster than most non tech items by 5 or 6 months.  yet with in days you people were swearing and making threats.  what wrong with you people?  do you people have children?  do you teach your children this hateful behaviour?  and remember it a phone, people.  don't do kickstarter if you don't have patiences.  too many non kickstarter people supported this project.  these people think their dealing with apple or samsung your not.  this is a small company they don't have the ability to throw their weight around and get things done.  so you people who don't understand business need to take it back a notch!
to all: https://community.nextbit.com/t5/general-q-a/announcement-shipping-update/m-p/4218#u4218
@sabe - it's probably worth mentioning that you're calling @mariana foolish, then saying be respectable.... to further quote you: just because this is the internet, people think they can just spout out whatever they want. have some respect.
@darren false. people have been plenty vocal in demanding their phones ship after nextbit disclosed their delays. i'm going to reiterate this. people don't want updated information. people want their phone. people don't care how you get it, just that nextbit better get it done. therefore, unless the updated information isn't, "your phone is being shipped!", prepare for a host of "wtf where's my phone. you promised us. i want my money back." @mariana that's foolish. every company has product review units for people to review. that's not the same as everyday use models. my goal isn't to argue that we should be compliant and submissive when it comes to nextbit's delay or lack of information. it's let's have reasonable discourse. be respectable. i'm all for keeping nextbit accountable. let's just not resort to mob mentality bashing.
@darren, agreed. it seems when @nextbit wants to promote their phone (the special reviewer demos + boxes, all the tours and conferences) they have more than enough time and people.
@abe sorry mate cant agree , its simple they are ready or not (electric) , if not that is no problem just tell us , its actually that simple !! as for other people they are entied to ask that doesn't mean they are losing their shit !! and if @nextbit had been more  upfront with updates these comments would not exist!! and before you come back and blame whoever is shipping then @nextbit should have someone on the ground dealing with it , after all they manage to find people to attend conferences and to tour with the phone !!!
and i'm for that. they should have their content be consistent. also, they should update more frequently. i guess, for me, the lack of updated information means there is no real material updates, which is why it's moot to disclose unnecessary information.
i understand @abe, and i mostly agree with everything. i just still think nextbit has to be more interactive on all platforms. and what @steve said, it's just not good pr for nextbit.
@abe, i think one of the other sources of frustration is the scattered communications. not all channels have the same information. as paul said earlier, they should look into ensuring that any updates they post are available on all their channels.
@abe - none of that excuses the poor social engagement here on the comments section. most people are genuinely wondering what's happening. i'm certainly not losing my shit, but reserve the right to ask what's happening. @nextbit just needs to remember that social is powerful in brand building; something i would have thought they'd know. now awaiting the promised 'logistics' update.
@mariana: 1. no one is saying, "you cannot be upset." you're investing in a product you paid for, but don't have, i understand that. what i'm saying is that this mob mentality of just give us the truth is bs. you don't want the truth, you want your phone. let's be clear here. just earlier this month, they come clean and apologized for miscalculating the production and shipping timelines. and everyone lost their chill. everyone was ready to say i want me money back. blah blah blah. to those who purchased through retail, i'm sorry. you're not a backer; therefore, as a pure consumer, you deserve to have your phone. no arguments there. for backers, relax the eff off and let nextbit do their thing to get the information/phone to you guys. the reason they can't disclose anything, is because they most likely don't have any updates to give. also, as a company, tact must be utilized whenever information is given. 2. they announced that they're moving their information over to the community forums. as most phone companies do for support. what is the issue? go there for more information. this is the internet, there isn't just one site for updated content and information. which company has just one social media/avenue where they disclose all their information. you can express your disappointment/frustration as that ensures accountability. but just don't be an ass about it (not directed at you). no one needs to see this: "where's my damn phone" just because this is the internet, people think they can just spout out whatever they want. have some respect.
@nextbit, maybe some swag will help alleviate the frustration? :d
@abe, we payed money to these people and now it seems my phone doesn't even exist. i messaged them privately and got no more information than if i hadn't. we deserve to be slightly upset. they keep pushing the date on everything back all the time, so they're probably going to push the date on this logistics thing. not to mention their scattered communication on here, the community, and social media.
@rebels get a grip. @nextbit just said, 7 hours ago, that they'd be updating everyone with shipping logistics. not much longer, everyone's losing their shits. if you have a personal problem, message them about your shipping, or lack thereof. or go to the community forums for some information. my god. p.s. i don't have my phone yet, early backer, electric.
@nextbit, where's our phones? we're early backers, and this scattered shipping isn't too hot. i'm considering bailing, but i love your ideas so much i'm hanging on for slightly longer. we just want mutual respect for us backers.
us backer; original #3457-mystery #4380; gsm midnight; fedex account shows zero inbound shipments
come on @nextbit what is going on !!! early backer in the uk electric , i have now heard from a community member that they have not shipped yet !!! as well as the fact that people in the uk are not receiving chargers is this true ?  and as for all you do-gooders on here banging on about the fact this is kick starter we are lucky to receive a reward blah blah blah no the product has already shipped including to people who ordered from website and were not even initial backers so we are entitled to ask the question why !! however you will be glad to here there is a simple solution its called keeping the people who invested in your product and provided the money for what is hopefully an excellent phone informed" @nextbit. ever heard the phrase honesty is the best policy ??
@nextbit how about posting the same information on all channels at the same time? how about using your own community forum to issue information? no? oh, ok, let's keep everyone in the dark. p.s i spoke to someone on your online chat yesterday who said i'd be emailed with a support ticket...where is it please?
@cheung anson same for me buying the pebble time. i am one of the first backers to get the watch. but since nextbit do not ship in random.......at least the delay is not too long compare to other projects (i am still waiting for my arduboy...). yeah but i understand the frustration.
@kaspar wong initially i thought hk backers might get the phone earlier than others since hk is close to china and the delivery (if it is in random) will be much faster than elsewhere in the world. from my experience to get the oneplus 2, it only spent about a few days for delivery (within a week). and i could trace the situation all the time.
@cheung anson yeah maybe us hk backers should think up of a plan to rob all the robins going pass us to other place in the world. #sleepyandgrumpy #justkidding #nextbitthanksforyourhardwork
hi, nextbit, i wonder how could i add my exchange activesync account, please? thank you.
hey rebels, we'll actually be sending out the update tomorrow as our logistics team expects more information at that time. thanks for continuing to support us!
i am from hk, backer no. 4600 (don't know why it is more than 3611!), pledged us$349 midnight phone.  disappointed because i have received nothing about the news update, and delivery details.  from the first shipping date 16/2/2016 (supposedly) to now, it is already two weeks and still got nothing.
@kuot they mean the coming weekend :)
@memy memy so when they say this weekend do they mean the coming weekend or the one that just passed? @hl i don't think they mean to abandon ks, they were just answering the concerns that people were having about why it was so quiet on the comments section. also if they put up updates with just links towards the forum, some people may see it as a forceful push to use the forums as well as see it as nextbit giving them useless information. the ks updates are purely saved for when there is news that affects everyone or when it addresses everyone's concerns. we just have to have a little bit of extra faith in nextbit, i mean they did bring us robin :).
8000
@creator hi guys i know you have trouble understanding policies and small prints from my past conversations with you, but i believe you really have to attend to kickstarter absolutely separate from whatever community or online shop you are running. we are all logged in as kickstarter members, that includes you. campaign's not over, it's been a great one so don't abandon ship and let it be depreciated because of the lack of stamina. least you could do is providing a link to a pinned forum thread regarding what the backers are worried about, and this could be done as an update and not a comment that will be buried amongst the complaints.
has anyone received their "bruise case" or tempered glass?
have some chitchat with nextbit team hour ago, they said some international backer will ship out in this weekend. my no. is 2075 they said probably ship out this weekend or within mid of march. still not sure have to wait until this weekend :'(
@kuot great comment.
hello nextbit, i have my robin since wednesday and today the the plastic cover over the back camera unglud and i lost it, i can still see the uneven litle glue that was holding the lens plastic cover. this is very disappointing. now when tapping on top of the phone it makes a sound of something loose! the camera still works but he sound doe snot seem normal , i guess it will the warrentty once you guys get off the shipping overload.
gustavo - you're selling it for $400 on ebay? wow......
@marcus daniel yeah. just read that right now actually. fingers crossed i'll be getting my robin soon.
for those who haven't been to nb's community page, here's a link to one of the latest updates (by the relentless khang, nb employee).  it doesn't say much, but it may give you an idea of what's going (hint: lots of known unknowns):   https://community.nextbit.com/t5/general-q-a/announcement-shipping-update/m-p/6083#m3557
my htc one m8 has finally stopped charging....damn. i need my robin! :(
hey all, we're trying our best here to get to everyone. our community has grown to nearly 1000 people so we're answering questions there, and trying our best to get back to people who have messaged us - it's a lot of emails! :) we'll have an update tonight with whats going on.
hello everyone, i am selling a midnight robin with the charger included on ebay. if anyone is interested.
obviously i have no way of actually knowing, but here's my guess: the backer number probably works a lot like a row id or other automatically incrementing value in a database. the second person to back becomes backer #2, the next person backer 3 and so on. let's say backer #2 withdraws their pledge. i don't believe that all of the other backers "slide up" a spot. backer 3 stays backer 3, and the very last backer will be #3,612. if a lot of people backed out of this after pledging, that would lead to some pretty high numbers for the last few hundred backers. again, i'm not really sure it all works that way, but it's one stab at an explanation. :)
@kuot thiik thumbs up for the p.s. at the end . always a good rule of thumb to do that before asking questions. i think we've all been very patient, considering the numerous delays. it's just all us kickstarter people are kinda being brushed aside, which is a crappy thing to do since we backed this project and it happened because we all pitched together. nextbit should at least try to comment more on here and give better info if an update isn't doable.
hey guys, i just wanted to express how i feel at the moment to see if it will help. i think we just need to squeeze out just a few more drops of patience, there is no way nextbit has forgotten about us. i believe like @dennis said they are probably dealing with fedex hence why the radio silence, i mean even i don't check kickstarter when i get busy in my life so i'm sure they will get to our concerns shortly. they also did just recently have an event (as explained in a recent review i watched) at mwc i think, and for such a small team they've achieved a lot. so i think we just need to step back a little and give them some wiggle room so they can shine as always. p.s. quick tip, before commenting a question, you may find that another backer may have already addressed the concern if you read a couple of comments back. i generally read 10-15 comments back before i ask something. hang in there rebels
thanks for the updates guys! i think you're right, it should be the survey order but however... that just gave me some dimensions ;)
@adam, usa or international; mint, midnight or electric?  thanks.
@will interesting, so it would seem they consider more than the 3611 as backers, interesting.  wonder how big the number of "backers" there then are??  that could explain multiple batches of shipping as well, say if real backers number is say 6k or larger.  so, when nextbit said most (excluding those unfortunate enough to be in affected regions or had requested cdma) "backers" would ship out through sunday, the number is much larger than say 2500-2800 (minus exclusions from 3611), say maybe 5k or higher.  (note all numbers here save 3611 or just guesses).  that would certainly help explain notification delays, et al.
@wsun the backer number has nothing to do with the shipment... i am an early backer..but my backer number is around 2000..that doesnt mean that backer #999 will get robin before me..it happened just because i completed the survey a bit late as i am from india ( survey released during late night )..also there are customers who ordered accessories and phone through backerkit after ks campaign has ended..thats why u can see numbers above 3611..hope you understand..
i received my tracking info just this weekend with no word before that. hold in there guys.
no update since feb 18th. what's going on? when will i get my robin?
@dennis can confirm, was original backer and i am now listed as pledge 4752.
@wsun backer numbers over 3611 interests me as well.  i have seen other mentions of that phenomenon .  i thought anyone over 3611 to be a preorder, but apparently not or you wouldn't be able to post in here.  i am very curious about that, very curious.
@rebels a guess is that @nexbiit is tied up with the duties fiasco today, so i wouldn't be surprised if no further update today or at least late in the day for those expecting further on electric's etc.  maybe tomorrow.  stay strong and be of good cheer.  i was down, but reminded myself to reflect and be patient.  can't change what is.
canada-got a voicemail saying duty has been paid. picked up the package 5 minutes ago :)
@jose fair questions and statements.  @nextbit?  nothing of value yet on community forum either. a little respect goes a long ways.
@nextbit what is going on? if there any delays just let us know we do not appreciate the fact that we can go to online store and get it within two week but for us the backer we have been waiting since february. i recall scott croyle saying in one of the interviews looking good for january, then feb, and is almost march and nothing yet. we just want to know.  you guys cannot run a company like this, remember it was all possible because us the backer, show us a little respect. by at least keeping us in the loop this was one of the last update. what is shipping out? the first robins to ship will be early adopter gsm robins in mint and midnight. electric is running a little late. (just a little.) scratches and bumps cases will ship to gsm early adopters with their phones. all gsm robins - including electric - are still on track to ship by the end of february. bruises and all accessories should ship out to all gsm rebels by then, too.
@bjoern  good to hear europe is getting phones now.  let us know what you think.
@mathew good to know something has happened to resolve that issue.  still waiting for the email that gsm electric robin has been shipped. be nice to know.  git'r'dun @nextbit.
end of february and no shipping info from nextbit, no update on the kickstarter page, people mentioning that the phone is available in some stores in china, the store set to ship within 2 weeks but backers still waiting. this is starting to sound very bad @nextbit. we need an update soon.
just got a call from fedex saying the custom charges have been resolved and i'm now free to pick up the phone. (toronto, canada)
any update on shipping the electric gsm robin. i would have expected some communication by now, since today is the end of the month.
i received my mint gsm robin in germany today.
i'm with @alan. i'm still waiting as backer for my phone...
so, new orders will have their robins shipped in 2 weeks. https://www.nextbit.com/products/robin… what about all the kickstarter backers who have been with you the whole way? when will we receive ours? shouldn't we receive our robins before mass market consumers get their devices?
@yoshi, i chose mint. no extra accessories or anything else.
mark schwacofer wrrote: " just curious how u can be an early adopter @2992 my understanding is to be an early adopter u had to be in the first 1000 which i was @700+ at the time." @mark  they can have a high number and still be one of the 1000 early adopters because they grabbed an early adopter spot that opened up when someone else dropped it.
@tham ty you are probably correct took me a bit to decide between mint and electric i finally decided on electric, but now i wish i picked mint.
@mariana which color?
canadian early backer. no email or news yet....
@mark, think the backer no is associated with when your survey is done and charged.
any early adopter backer from hk has already received the phone?  that shop in hk usually sells parallel goods, just wondering if they got their phones from us.
i guess i dont care , but i know i backed way before 995 i saved the page when i backed and i was 788. just checked it. as long as i got it for 324.00 . the numbers are askew  though thats for sure
@ alan we share the same feeling, i'm at the point of thinking of cancelling the order and pre-order the s7 edge or the lg g5
ok so when i backed (early adopter) i was number 800 and something now im 40000 and something !!!
taiwan? please~~
why do i get the feeling i'll receive a robin sooner if i order from the site? seems to me that nexbit cares more about their press and their new orders than their kickstarter backers.
just curious how u can be an early adopter @2992 my understanding is to be an early adopter u had to be in the first 1000 which i was @700+ at the time.
somehow strange i got to backer #4800+ with only 3.611 backers listed on ks. maybe they sorted things up because of the shipping location (germany) but i was definedly not one of the last.. hope to get a refreshing info on shipping soon :)
@steve (and others): it about 5.30 am at the west coast . they won't be working for another few hours ;-)
@nexbit - it's really time for some social engagement here on this comments page.
jp early adopter #2142 midnight no  info.
@nextbit - it's time to give us d next update.
uk backer number 800 and something still heard nothing !!!!!!
i think my current phone knows it's on its way out haha, been freezing a lot and battery life is terrible. hopefully it won't be too much longer now
us backer #4380 gsm midnight: no shipping info/nothing in spam, fedex account says nothing inbound, all i've received so far is a postcard
@amami did you get any tracking info?
@nextbit singapore backer #2992, early adoptor electric. no charge for accessories ordered at backerkit nor email for shipment. can help. thanks.
uk early backer mint got it this morning.
@nexbit electric benelux update please
@nextbit i'm early back #958 midnight uk and just contacted fedex to get a tracking number. there is still no order or shipment information :/ please advise...
backer no. 2,409. could you please share shipping info?
my no is 2041, same no info
mine is 2075, receive nothing.
@kasper it might be hk early adopter sold robin to this shop. i found many robins @ebay @nextbit @frederick i am #3114 early adopter, midnight have not receive robin yet. just check your early adopter list and let us know as apdate.
@yoshi http://www.e-zone.com.hk/channelnews.php… (in chinese) hey how come they got the phone quicker than us???
according to their twitter, "all early adopters have gone out, the rest will be going out soon."
nextbit team, please provide an update for shipping of electric robin.
what!? that shop sell jt for 3880 hkd? that's like close to 500usd!!!  o_o
nextbit says: there was a regulatory sticker that needed to be placed on the box and our logistics team is working on to solve that asap...it's basically printing a sticker and slapping it on the box. we'll be updating everyone soon. so you mean robin for japanese backers are still outside japan? you guys are keeping saying that the process is regular but first of all you were supposed to finished the shipment already. don't justify the delay and clarify where our robins are.
@nextbit give an update. we haven't heard from you in awhile in the most important time. update update update us.
i'm excited for indian backers that's great news, just goes to show that if we're patient, nextbit will come through
@ray lee any url?
from the news, there is a shop that selling robin in hong kong, for us$4xx.......
if u live outside of the usa a shipping update will do u no good fedex is still demanding payment of duty and taxes before handing over your package
a nextbit shipping update would be welcomed, re everything still on schedule or otherwise.
@ioscar from the reviews i've read nexbit got rid of the home screen, i also read the next version of marshmallow does as well (more like an apple phone, or so i'm told)
if you know chinese the likn http://www.e-zone.com.hk/channelnews.php…
okay this is getting rediculous, the suspense is killing me, checking my emails every 2hrs like itd make a difference. backer since september double phone request electric n mint tho i didn't notice if they took money for bruises case and opaic case
is electric still being shipped by the end of the month (tomorrow)? i remember them saying that all colors for early backers would be shipped by the end of the month but...
@giacomo cetorelli, i think @nextbit has to come up with the delivery timeline for the cases too..
have you shipped to japan yet? you mentioned before as shipment to japan had some problems. are they solved? my iphone 4s is dying. swift reply will be appreciated.
i'm an early bird uk backer - ordered mint and bruises - had my tracking number since friday, which is so annoying, because i now know my lovely robin (or at least i hope it's the phone and not a t-shirt) is in the next town over! at the same time my hubby - early backer, midnight and bruises - hasn't had a word from nextbit yet :/
so it looks like indian shipping delay is getting over as per tweet from scott. phew!!
@nextbit any word on the customs issue. my phone has been sitting in the warehouse not far from me since thursday waiting for customs to be paid. an update on the situation would be great. thanks
@ioscar nextbit has removed the app drawer from the robin. if you really think you need it back, i would recommend nova launcher.
@steve wong //in hong kong have some shop selling already// hk backer here, where's the shop? 囧
mashmallow feature on robin...if you now what i am doing wrong please help. - not sure if it is mm or robin skin, but i cannot remove icons from homescreen. when you press and hold the only option that appears is to uninstall not to remove. nexbit please fix this. - also the owner contact info is not available as it should be on mm. nexbit why did you remove that feature, please add it back
hi all, i am in virginia and received my robin on wednesday , only the case is still missing , everything else is here (phone, screen protector, speed charger, tshirt). pros: - the phone look great, it is for my kind , and people have not stopped to notice it - the pictures are great...don't understand the bad reviews out there, i have an lg g4 and while the lg camera is better, the robin is very good too - it is very speedy - the screen is big  and yet very easy to use even  - battery life is similar to the lg g3 this phone replaces, about a day more or less depending on use cons: - the phone is already curved, i would say 1mm at the center. i do not know if it came like that or bended after a few days in jeans pocket. when you try to bend the phone, one can tell that with a little more pressure it could crack. i do not think it is too much of a problem, but for sure it feels less resistant than my lg or s6. - not sure if it is mm or robin skin, but i cannot remove icons from homescreen. when you press and hold the only option that appears is to uninstall not to remove. nexbit please fix this. - also the owner contact info is not available as it should be on mm. nexbit why did you remove that feature, please add it back
hk backer, pledged for mint robin with the t-shirt and the vinyl mascot. nothing from @nextbit! some shops in hong kong is already selling the robin, but i still haven't got even the track code.
@suraj no, that is what happened to me, and what i am assuming is the majority of people.
i am a hong kong backer but i still not get the phone. i have pledged for a midnight robin but i haven't received anything. i am wondering what is the problem?
@steve wong - can u send a pic of the store tht sells it? wats d str\ore name& its price! yes, its quite disappointing that others get it ahead of us(backers).  i gotta feelin that we shud b prepared (in mind) that electric will b received onl at the end of march!?
in hong kong have some shop selling already， but we still not get it ,why we get this phone late that other people， i'm so disappointed
i'm backer #810. i don't have received information , email and track no. what the backer number early number meaning?
for those of you who got the phone: what do the special sim trays look like? pretty curious as that's the special treat.
@trenton its not gonna ship in april i think..they will be working out some ways to ship out all the gsm phones first..it will take some time anyway...
hello rebels! i have received my phone(early backer, midnight, usa) but haven't got my accessories yet. am i alone?
@trenton  that's the last update.
is cdma still planned to ship in april ?
yeah i'm pretty sure at this point it doesn't matter when you pledged or where you are it's going to be a last ditch effort to ship backer phones by monday. at this point i hope fedex is giving them a deal because everyone is going to end up 3 or more parcels of goods each.
hi, i have pledged for a midnight robin with the t-shirt and the vinyl mascot....and having it delivered to an address in us....haven't received anything yet....should i be worried?
i don't think that your backer number has much to do for when you are going to get the robin. i'm backer # 1,156 (early spot, midnight and no accessories) and no tracking info.
@kaspar wong, i'm also a hk backer, # 2,256, also have no tracking info or email or whatsoever.
@nextbit haha sorry, i thought you guys sent an email to everyone! thanks again :)
@rebels i wouldn't expect anymore updates or info on tracking/shipping until monday or tuesday.  remember it has been posted that most (excluding cdma and india, belgium, netherlands and luxembourg) will ship by monday, february 29th (the end of the month) or (early) march 1-4, all occur next week.  i would therefore expect if you are not those who are unfortunately excluded you will receive phone no later than the following week.  likely earlier than friday, march 11th.  stay calm, or you will go into a tissy fit and have an aneurysm. ;)  early backer #112, usa, who ordered gsm electric colorway and have no phone nor confirmation...yet.  (provided for information rather than complaint.  been on board since september 1st.)  will be a happy, happy camper once my robin can fly with the nextbit backed cm rom...yes, another wait...although i suspect it is already in the works...so maybe by april or may (just speculating...just speculating).  peace to all @rebels.  i would also like to say to those excluded due to regulatory issues...not all is "hurriable" by nextbit, some things are totally out of their control.  cdma backers, april is your window (remember there, there are hurdles as well)...so, there you have it. robin's coming...chill. :) :)
jp early backer #3114, midnight, no information, nothing like silence.
hk backer here, early adopter (backer #2500 sth), midnight, nothing yet :)
there are no information shipping to asian countries. any receivers in asia?
@jigish nah, i'm a regular backer so probs march is when i should expect anything.
hei @nextbit  what is really happening with india bound shipments? given this situation can you atleast let us change the shipping address to us ? this way i have atleast an assurance that i will get the robin . please update at the earliest
jenny allot of people are receiving nextbits tracking email after their package has shipped.
@night1505 i'm also a cdma u.s. backer and i was wondering if the email was from nextbit or was it from fedex? do we need a fedex account to get tracking info?
early backer, midnight, switzerland, nothing yet........
@martin i suspected it was mint or midnight to an international backer.  thanks.  tells me gsm electric usa late next week earliest.  git'r'dun nextbit, git'r'dun.
@dennis mint robin on its way to sweden :)
@martin, phone selected and location if you would please.
and i should've said electric gsm colorway.
yasss! got an email and expected delivery on mars 2nd!!! almost embarrassing how excited i am, being a grown man haha :)
sorry, i should have said "u.s. cdma electric backer"
another update (though minor) from a  cdma electric backer: still haven't even been charged for my screen protector. i got the box delivered with my t-shirt and charger like many others. got the email with the tracking for that very package the next day. lol since i have chosen the electric colorway, i don't expect that i'm in the group that nextbit claims should be shipped "by the end of the month". however, what i am hoping for is that i'll get tracking info for any later shipments i get too. just in case anyone is keeping track. :)
@kuot yes. did you get it as well?
@jigdish  has seemed like most internationals are getting phone charger and shirt together, unlike usa.  imho.
#backer 112 in usa, electric colorway, nada on notification as yet. ;(
@jigish hey man was yours through fedex as well?
all silent on my end. early backer (electric) in toronto, canada
@jigish mine says 2lbs. the package had the phone, t-shirt and 2 chargers.
hey guus, people who got their robins. what was the package weight for you? mine says 1.6lb, is it phone or just the t-shirt and charger?
yay! i just got my robin delivered and it looks awesome :) i'm an early backer from canada (montreal). i got the tracking number today and fedex showed up at my place an hour later. no vat was asked by fedex. i ordered an extra charger and cable but i only got the charger. hopefully the cable will soon follow.
i'm still waiting and i'm an early backer, i dont think it matters if you are early or a regular backer.
@nextbit i guess electric for regular backers is not coming until mid march?
woop! just got my tracking number and the phone is on its way! (sweden, early backer)
@nextbit just got the tracking number. (australian early backer)
@stephen i ordered bruise and and screen protector.  i was told there is a holdup of screen protectors and bruise.  i will not take my even uses my phone til i get my screen protector or case.  it would be just my luck to break or scuff my phone while i wait for these important pieces.  i always order my protectors before i've purchased phones in the past.
thanks @venkatesh and @mnp guess the uk must be at the back of the queue lol
for those who didn't receive an email from us yet, we'll have more tracking info soon and will contact you. stay patient rebels, shipping is happening in waves, and yours is coming!
didn't receive an email at all :/
another mail arrived with the tracking number!!! now let's hope the vat thing is really solved! all this became a bizarre and hard journey but looks like nextbit is trying to take us home!
just got a tracking number. (german early backer)
woops everyone, sorry about that first email. you should get a second one with your information filled. :)
me too...there is no name or number. i had it from a call by fedex asking info to me but my wife is still waiting for the tracking number by nextbit and she really need a number not "*|track|*".....
i got a message saying this. is there anything wrong going on or i can rest assured and wait for my robin? hey *|name|*, robin is on its way! here is your tracking number: *|track|* we know that some of you are running into vat and fee issues with fedex. that should be resolved this weekend. also, if fedex asks you for payment, do not pay the fee. thanks for hangin' in there, team nextbit
@luca anche io mi trovo nella stessa situazione, mi hanno chiamato ma in quel momento non ho pensato di chiedere il numero di tracking e non riesco a recuperarlo in altro modo. se riesci in questa impresa ti sarei molto grato se condividessi il metodo :d
@italians ho risentito fedex mi dice che han risolto! non dovrò piu pagare nulla (non ci credo finchè non lo vedo), l'altra notizia è che se si chiede una consegna ad altra destinazione, es. al lavoro invece che a casa, loro devon aver l'autorizzazione da nextbit...ovviamente gli ho chiesto il fermo deposito all'istante. ho un altro problema però: anche mia moglie ha ordinato e l'ha chiamata fedex ma per risolver il problema avrei bisogno del tracking...che nextbit non ha ancora fornito. ed il pacco oggi era già in italia. dopo un tot se la cosa non si risolve...rimandano indietro.
fedex just emailed me back regarding my shipment. they said the shipper(nextbit) has not paid any duties/taxes. i am solely responsible for it. if i refuse delivery again they will send the package back to nextbit. le sigh. looks like there won't be a robin for me today
i just called fedex support. they dont have a shipment for my address yet so i suppose it has not gone out yet. berlin, germany
hi nextbit, really glad i read what's on this thread...just in time to tell fedex to hold onto the package and wait for us to sort out the duties issue. i'm being charged $60.05 cad to get the package. i've already emailed hi@nextbit.com regarding the issue and provided my tracking number in there... can you please assist cause i can't wait to get my hands on the phone :) thanks!
nothing in the uk yet...
just to tell you guys who haven't received their robin yet, the phone is awesome and really worth the wait! congrats nextbit!!!!!!!!!!
just want to say "thank you " to all of the team here. it's such a breath of fresh air when a huge project like this on ks finally delivered as promised...unlike 98% of other projects that was not nearly as professional or open to dialogues as nextbit. just received mine yesterday, and it looks great so far!
@darren, no is d answer. i m in london
@community hey guys! i still waiting my robin, but it will come the next wednesday (according to fedex). but i did receive an email where fedex said that i had to pay 66,21€ for the administrative expenses (kind of vat). i email them and they told me it was a mistake.  we already paid all. keep that in mind and don't worry.
anyone from the uk received their robin yet ???
@davide anche a me ancora niente, li scaleranno al momento della spedizione credo
@gianluca a te hanno gia scalato i soldi per gli eventuali accessori? a me ancora nulla.
@gianluca dobbiamo essere ottimisti spero che spediscano tutto tra oggi e lunedi e soprattutto che risolvano il problema delle tasse. @emanuele ma durante la telefonata non hai avuto la possibilità di chiedere il tracking? @luca@emanuele siamo con voi
@gianluca certo quando arriverà (spero lunedì) vi aggiornerò.
@davide anche io ho scelto electric come colore e ancora sono a secco di informazioni, speriamo almeno risolvano per tempo il problema delle tasse. @luca @emanuele ci potreste, se non vi scoccia, far sapere come procede la faccenda dell'iva dato che sarete i primi a riceverlo?
@davide @luca l'italia invade nextbit? :) la fedex mi ha chiamato ieri dicendo che la consegna (colore mint) è prevista per lunedì e anche loro hanno confermato che ci sarà da pagare la tassa doganale. ma non ho mai ricevuto il numero di tracking per seguire la spedizione. speriamo che risolvano prima della consegna.
@davide mint. il colore che hai scelto è quello che ha subito un ritardo :-( ma ora pare che siamo al buono anche per quello, sii ottimista! nel frattempo magari per quando parte avranno rislto il problema dell'iva...
@luca lombardi ciao fortunato che è gia in viaggio. che colore hai preso? io elettrico sto sperando, in primis, nella spedizione e che nel frattempo abbiano risolto questo problema dell'iva. ciao
@casualt looks like it's different for the european shipping since in the docs fedex italy sent me there is indication that the sender doesn't cover duty and taxes, however nextbit clarified that there has been a misunderstanding or something and it's working on it. hope they can solve it quickly, tonight my package reached italy....
i called fedex to request pick up after they left a slip at my door. i did not receive any shipment emails prior haha nextbit said they're handling the vat issue and also apparently people say the package itself says bill sender so i'll just try my luck on that if nextbit can't get it resolved by tomorrow :)
the same here only phone,  charger and t-shirt.   no case and screen protector in the package.   may be going to be ship separate
my package is 2.1 pnds
@stephen did u order brusies?
just so everyone knows this whole having to pay duty and taxes thing is fedex fault. the package explicitly states to bill sender.
@mariana, i am an early backer from ontario and have not received any email or package yet. that said, i won't worry about it until monday.  if i don't receive a notification of shipment by then,  i will enquire as to the delay.  for now,  it is not the end of the month yet so stated shipments for non-us backers are still ongoing.  best of luck to you and others in getting your notification soon.  cheers...
i'm in bc and i didn't receive a shipping notice either. came home and found the fedex card on my door. i contacted nextbit,there handling it
same here @dustin. and @rhiney, where in canada are you?
i haven't even received a shipping notice.  what's the deal?
canada here. i missed the fedex guy but i see he wanted $55 for duty. i contacted nextbit and they will handle it i'm sure. i was told not to pay it. hopefully it will be figured out tomorrow or monday. don't fedex try to deliver three times?
i got my robin, but it didn't come with the case or screen protector i ordered, anyone else have the same thing happen? i know some folks did get their case....
@michael, notwithstanding that i think it was everyone's understanding that the vat and taxes were supposed to be paid by nexbit up-front, the $60 seems about normal for a product of this value, maybe even a little low considering that fedex often tacks on an extra amount for their brokerage fee that is sometimes nearly equal to the duties and taxes being collected by them. obviously it seems that nexbit has a little work to do in the area of shipping, so that they better understand the shipping and delivery process and every country's different levels of duties, vat and sales taxes. i assumed, like everyone else, because of the comments they made that this would like be buying something from apple or microsoft that gets sent from china - somehow all of the additional charges to get the products into the country is incorporated in the product's price or shipping costs up-front and then it just gets delivered without any additional fuss. but they are a young company and just learning so i can understand some logistical hick-ups, although i hope they can act fast to either fix things or clarify what people should be expecting.
my customs charges were $60.17. was that suppose to be already paid for or ? apart from that, i ordered a bruises case, but that was not included in my package. is that coming separately? if it is, do i have to pay another customs charge??
@ mitchell, how much $ did you have to pay fedex upon receipt?
@ mitchell lol 89kg that's like 190lbs lol i think u meant .89kg. thank you for that. hopefully this helps other people as well.
i was getting hopeful with other canadians receiving their phones so i called fedex to see if they had anything in their system for me yet.  nope no info or tracking yet. guess it's not shipped yet.
@casualt- also declaration pages for case, charger and phone
@casualt-sorry-declared as t shirt
@casualt-the package weighed .89kg- dimensions 34x29x6 cm. the package arrived at my office with no advance notifications either by telephone or email. the fedex driver just came by with the delivery!
@ mitchell please provide details... how big was package? or much did it weight? what was it declared as? this can help other people waiting for their robins. thanks
@nextbit i just received my fedex shipment (to toronto,canada),complete with phone, charger, t-shirt and  case. thank you. unfortunately i was required to pay fedex to obtain my package. i have email you details.  regards.
are there any news on the shipping of the robins to the international early backers?
was anyone's package that came with phone declared as t-shirt under the description?
i imagine the vat issues on international are taking most of the staffs time as to why we haven't yet got emails with tracking for the electric color ways yet.  i fully expect tracking to come today or tomorrow.  i expect maybe electric colorway will arrive on or near 1 mar, super tuesday (usa presidential election primary day in 12 states).  super phone on super tuesday would be slick.  hang tight rebels.  @nextbit is busy getting phones to us, best they can.  #backer 112, hanging in there.
@bostongreekgeek: creator nextbit 2 days ago hey rebels! here's the latest update from our logistics team: starting today (2/23), more units have shipped which we will provide tracking info for as soon as we have it. from friday through the weekend, we expect that nearly all units for backers, including international backers, will have shipped. keep in mind that it is standard that there will be an import customs clearance process that many have experienced. this is to be expected for all shipments and is not unusual. there is a 3-day business turnaround for the warehouse as well. with those in mind, you should expect to receive your units about a week from the ship date. this means that most backers will receive their units near the end of february, and some others very early march. again, we will provide tracking numbers to everyone when we have them. we really appreciate your patience. your robin is coming very very soon!
can we have an update on electric please? it's end of february and pledge stated it would be here by now. so when can we expect that?
@nextbit i investigated about my wife fedex/ups case, unlucky it was ups but about another delivery, then she's been contacted by fedex with the same problem i have. point is we need her tracking number by you because the call had a problem and she couldn't get more info from fedex, how can we give you her info (mail used to pledge, name , address...)? if you don't provide this she cannot help because is the info fedex wants to provide further details.
@nextbit do you have more info for us early adopter international backers (non-electric)? it was mentioned that you'd have something by yesterday or today :/
thanks nextbit, i even emailed that email address you provided earlier. i paid thinking this was normal but a friend said if they charged you for shipping, duties and taxes may not have to be charged to me. its only now that i came on here to see that some are having the same issue. sorry if i sounded rude in the earlier post. just confused thats all. will wait for your pm.
@ritchin - thanks for letting us know. we'll pm you.
i just got my phone from fedex this morning. but i had to pay the duties and taxes. i thought nextbit was going to cover that? the awb on the box says, "bill sender" then why was i charged? will nextbit refund the money? dimensions of my box is 34 x 29 x 6cms. package has the phone, charger and the t-shirt.
@casual mine measures 29x23x15 cm and weights 2,4 lb / 1,09 kg
also has anyone received their bruises case?
sounds like accessories to me @casualties. i'm in bc haven't heard anything yet about phone or accessories.  at his point i'm in no hurry. maybe the duties issue will be resolved by the time i get something
so i was able to call fedex back and they said that it actually says on the package or notes that duties or taxes are to be paid by the shipper. sounds like two things happened fedex screwed up or after i messaged nextbit they resolved the issue. if nextbit did all i can say is amazingly fast!!!! thank you. i was able to schedule a pick up for later today! i hope it's my phone the package says 1.8lbs. but does anyone know the dimensions that their phone came in? or their accessories? all you have to do is look up your tracking number on fedex.com and it will say the weight and dimensions. i think this will further help people determine if it's just accessories or the phone. mine says 1.8lbs dimensions 12x13x2 inches. can anyone confirm their dimensions and what they received? thanks!
@sebastian @mirian , estoy feliz que juntos hayamos resuelto la cosa, gracias a nextbit por escuchar las protestas :)
@ all, has anyone received any info on electric color way? i'm already second guessing myself on this buy especially with the s7 and lg g5 that just got unveiled
@mariana-i'm in toronto, backer #1150....i have not heard anything from anyone yet!
@mirian, @spanish backers acabo de chatear con fedex. tanto aduanas como fedex están al tanto de la incidencia con nextbit. si os llaman es únicamente para que se proporcione el número de dni para rellenar el papeleo del impuesto que remitirán a nextbit. no me han proporcionado el número de seguimiento, pero sabiendo que la confusión está aclarada me quedo mucho más tranquilo. @mauro, gracias por la información compartida. @mirian, el detalle de la foto de tracking es sensacional! +10
@ sara medlicott - sometimes even rebels rebel.
just catching up now on messages. i thankfully got the tracking number when i was on the phone with fedex and then messaged nextbit. nextbit messaged me back saying their going to take care of it. thank you nextbit. i assume this is going to happen 2 times or maybe even 3 as that's how many different packages we could receive total. accessories, then phone and then sim trays?
coloco aquí el resumen de mi envío, con mi tracking y referencia. esto les puede ayudar a conseguir sus propios trackings ya que, una vez los encargados de fedex revisan este, logran acceder al perfil de la empresa que envió y conseguir todos los envíos realizados. / this is mi tracking number and shipping information. maybe this will help you find your tracking number, aid by a fedex representative. once they have a tracking, no matter who it is from, they can review all the shipments that sender has made and find yours too! http://tinypic.com/r/1z33384/9
@sara, we're not complaining, we just don't want to pay another $100 on top of our $95 shipping. we're patient but we're not made of money.
everyone, chill on the complaints! we are rebels so it is worth the wait. if you want a mediocre phone that you pay through the nose for and to be just like everyone else then go ahead to best buy and you won't have to wait anymore. thank you nextbit you guys are awesome and i know you are working super hard for us. in the meantime, true rebels will be patient :)
@nextbit i am investigating crosschecking the number which called her and mine. i'll keep you updated but honestly...whoever is...if it just deliver the phone and doesn't ask money is good :-) jokes a part i think i can give you (which way you prefer?) her mail and name, so you can maybe track it.
@sebastian, me pasó lo mismo que a ti, no tenía información que darle. afortunadamente una de las personas que también contactó, tenía el número de referencia del consignador (3349347) gracias a ese número, pudieron confirmar que se trataba de nextbit y localizaron mi envío! seguro si lo proporcionas, localizan el tuyo también y te dan tu número de seguimiento.
@luca we can definitely look into this. can you message us the details of the ups conversation?
another weird thing: my wife also is a early backer and she received a call not by fedex but by ups (???) and they didn't say anything about vat fees. so nextbit also shipped with ups? she was extremely sure about the name of the courier.
@mirian, justo acabo de hablar por teléfono (sería uno de los 4). sin el tracking lo hemos intentado... desafortunadamente nada de nada. la chica ha estado amabilísima. fedex va a poner velas negras a nextbit :)
thanks so much, nexbit! i was starting to panic. could you do something for me and check if you have my tracking # somewhere? i haven't gotten any emails or calls from anyone so i'm concerned as to where my phone is.
if you get a call from fedex saying that you need to pay vat/fees, do not pay it. please note down your tracking, or reference number and message us: hi@nextbit.com or through kickstarter so we can get that to our logistics team. fedex had a misunderstanding, and these are being resolved right away.
hello, i have just received a mail from fedex telling me that my phone is being received from china and that i have to pay 70 euros because import taxes (i am in spain), is this correct? i thought that the final price (in my case 444$) was including transportation and taxes. please could you clarify?
@sebastián, estoy justo hablando por chat con un chico de fedex que tiene en línea a 4 personas más preguntando por el pago de sus robin! hahahaha el pobre está hecho un desastre, me dijo que pasará una nota a las sucursales, comentándoles que está todo pago!
@venkatesh: electric's haven't shipped yet, as far as i know. only mint and midnight. electric should be coming in 2 or 3 weeks i think?
@mauro muchas gracias por tu info! esperemos que así sea, tal vez por eso, a fin de cuentas, no me llegó ningún mail de pagos aduanales, capaz fue sólo un malentendido :)
backer #4871 (london) - electric - no news from fedex or any courier agency
backer #4871 - electric - no news from fedex or any courier agency.
@mauro @mirian: es algo cómico, sin el número de envío encontrar al destinatario puede ser un reto. yo no llamo de momento. sin el tracking no puedes arreglarlo, pero lo necesitas para iniciar la solución... bucle infinito. no sé si llamar en un ratito.
what is the email we are supposed to be sending our ref/tracking # to?
@sebastian @mirian yo le comuniqué un numero de albarán que recibí en la "cuenta" de los gastos aduaneros y le dije el nombre que es nextbit system inc. comunicar el nombre del remitente y tendrán acceso a la cuenta, aqui en madrid consigna prevista el 2/03 . yo fui en la pagina de fedex y abrí un chat on line. dicho esto por lo que me dijo podeis quedaros tranquilos, me dijo que por españa no hay gastos aduaneros
@mauro estoy justo hablando con un tío de fedex, pero sin un tracking number o fecha de envío, está un poco perdido, ya que no consigue mi envío.
@mauro, ¿qué le has dicho exactamente a fedex?¿ has hablado con la oficina local o una central en madrid? tus noticias son dan alivio pero aún nos rodean incertidumbres. gracias por compartir!
@nextbit i sent you an email to hi@nextbit.com with all the details. should i write the reference number here? (is it good/safe?) or you want to give me another contact?
good news for spain backers, i've spoked with fedex and they told me there was an error and that the custom costs will be payed by a chinese account, so we will not paying anithing, i suggest all have a chat with fedex agents to have certain news. but for what concern spain, apparently we're good.
@nextbit i have received a call from fedex, but no tracking number (italy)
hi @nextbit﻿,  would it be possible to get some clarity from nextbit as to how int'l backers should respond to fedex  communications with regards to the duplication of duty payments?   should we pay again and expect a credit from yourselves, or refuse the packages and hope that the duty payment is clarified between yourselves and fedex?  obviously no backer having come this far and being so close to finally getting their hands on their robin would chose to reject the package but is there an alternative to avoid duplicating the duty payment?  a new topic and/or ks update may be the way to go when responding, but any clarification and direction as to how to proceed when communicating with fedex for us int'l backers would be great.  bdb
@kt-what email address did you use? @marina-i had to call fedex to find out my tracking number. give them your postal code and address
@nextbit, that's great and all, but you guys haven't given me a tracking number...
@vaujour, i live in ontario too, thankfully i haven't gotten a call yet, but there's no chance i'm paying that extra. what did you end up doing?
hey everyone, fedex had some kind of miscommunication with our shipper so that's why they are asking for the vat. we are handling this, but need your help. if you have tracking information or a reference number, please message us the details and our logistics team will handle this asap.
@mariana i live in ontario and i received my tracking number through this "wonderful" fedex call saying that i have to pay a 100 more!
@casualt, did you get your tracking number?
i literally can't believe it. there's no way i'm paying extra, @nextbit, so you better have something up your sleeve. @kt what if you don't have a tracking number? nextbit hasn't sent me *anything*. needless to say, worst kickstarter shipping experience ever.
@casualt-i just got that call too, are you planning on paying and hope that nextbit will reimburse us?
i messaged the nextbit team. if you get a call about having to pay vat, send them your fedex tracking number, and name, and they will personally handle the issue. they told me that it's an issue with fedex not understanding that you guys already paid the vat.
@mauro @sebastian a mi me llamaron y me dijeron que enviarían el email, pero hasta ahora no he recibido nada. 66 euros es un grosería, sobre todo si ya pagamos los 95 pertinentes! estoy esperando a ver si es que llega la información durante el día, para poder remitir a @nextbit las pruebas y ver qué se puede solucionar.
@nextbit could you please tell all us something about that??? copy and paste directly from my pledge : "early adopter special phone and charging cable. midnight or mint colorway. very special sim tray. additional online storage (100gb total). shipping and vat are added to reward when you select your country." how can it be any doubt? nobody should pay the vat because we have already paid to you!!!
it could be not only europe also asia.
i'm in ontario canada and fedex just called me saying i owe $49 in duties and taxes!!!!! 1.8lbs package. how do i get my money back if i pay this. nextbit please contact me.
my package is out for delivery right now and i really don't want to pay these $100 i hope it has been taking care of by nextbit!
@richard same i live in ontario and just received a call saying that i have to pay 100$!! how is that even possible?
@luca may you share the pdf via dropbox or similar? we were told that vat was already paid. if nextbit was unclear about the customs clearance in europe, then just charge the shipping and fedex would take care of the rest. now there is a high chance to pay double taxation.
@nextbit better to check the contact out fedex logistics issue for international buckers asap. we don't want to be pingponging our robin hk to/from entire of the world.
@emanuele i am in the same boat as you. i thought nextbit had pre-charged us duties and taxes
canada, ontario customer here.  just received a phone call from fedex to pay the $58 (i'm assuming $us).  :/  hope nextbit can do something about this.  not good thing for the fact that you think you've paid for everything next thing you know "$70 more please".
fedex called saying that we will have to pay the fee upon delivery. what should i do?
@everyeuropean i spoke again with fedex they explained me some intersting things: 1) we have to pay iva/vat/customs whatever because the sender (nextbit) in the form just checked that they are in charge only of the shipping cost but not the duties ! 2) the sender just paid around 25 dollars of shipping so the remaning 70 dollars could really cover the vat cost ! 3) there are also 12 euro to be paid for the service provided locally by fedex 4) my package now is stuck because of this and they will ask fedex hk to get in contact with nextbit asking to pay these 64,80 euro because i didn't know about this and i'm not wiling to pay. if they don't get replies (highly probable...) the package will get stuck for 10 days then go back i can provide evidence of what i wrote because i got the pdf of the mail fedex sent me and they explained to me where is indicated what, in particular about the part in which is indicated that the vat is on the one receiving the package. i really think that nexbit should solve this at the speed of light so the people can receive the package and then really give some clear explanation on this. ok to wait... ok the fact that is 30 persons doing their best but here is really nonsense: or i pay more then what they told me or i risk - after even more days of waiting - to see my phone fly back to hk. honestly this is just the worse buying/backing experience i had in my life.
is that the issue?:  if you pay all inclusive, you will be paying import vat to the seller when paying the total price. but if the import vat is not properly estimated by the seller, or if the seller fails to ensure the transfer of this vat amount to the customs, you must be aware that national legislation can hold you jointly liable
canadian backer here. just got the call from fedex about a package needing customs payment. didn't receive a tracking number from nextbit prior to getting the call from fedex. package is 1.8lbs, so hopefully there is a phone in there! scheduled delivery is march 1. let's sort out those customs $$ @nextbit!
http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/common/buying_online/buying_goods/within_non_eu_en.htm
@all european costumers @luca do you have any invoice from fedex telling you where the 64€ comes from? if so, please post it here. every single european costumer is going to have the same issue. let's see if we can shed some light on it.
had i already received the phone, i wouldn't have to read comments about issues in ones hands
@nextbit, i think you have a serious issue in your hands.
sorry!! it's for @darren..
integration: fedex confirmed me that i need to decide if to pay and get the goods or not paying and don't receive the package plus i need to reply within 2 hours and i'll pay 5 euro for the goods not leaving the facility after 3 days and with a minimum of 10 euro, it's written clearly in the mail of fedex i received after the call i had. nextbit wtf ....
@luca: don't open it! it's spam. it forwards you to some russian site that wants you to buy some pills! i had exactly the same mail in there. i clicked on it without thinking because i thought it might be my robin (even though i'm an electric backer and won't receive mine for a while)...
this sucks for nextbit. looks like their going to be out of pocket for any additional shipping costs as it was promised there wouldn't be.
fedex called saying that i could receive the phone but i have to pay  € 64,80 ! ! !  i asked the mail with the documentation and i had to stop the delivery! now i need to send this to nextbit and solve it within tomorrow.  it's really disappointing, hope to get it solved. can anybody give me a mail to contact nextbit about this?
in london uk (electric backer) just found an email from fed ex in my junk folder looks legit but dont think it is , states the following fedex february 23, 2016 delivery problems notification. our companys courier couldnt make the delivery. delivery manager � fedex 1995-2016 | global home | terms of use | security and privacy and that is it accompanied by a dead link ?? any ideas or anyone had similar? thanks
@netbix, i'm concerned that for us international backers (i'm in canada), we're going to have to pay even more 'at the door charges' i understood that the reasons the shipping was so expensive was because these charges were covered. i'd love to get things cleared up for us.
@sebastian he escribido atraves de la community de nextbit al correo de ayuda, adjuntando todo lo necesario, estoy a la espera que me digan algo.
@mauro, @mirian dominguez. yo vivo cerca de barcelona pero aún no he sido notificado de nada. lo que ha de quedar claro es que no podemos pagar dos veces por lo mismo. aclarad la situación! si nextbit ha puesto los 95$ como transporte... entonces los gastos de aduana pueden ascender a más de 100 euros (impuestos + gestión del impuesto). escribid si sabéis algo más, intentaré ser de ayuda  (ya tengo varias experiencias con aduanas, y he visto varios casos de incorrecciones que acaban repercutiendo únicamente al destinatario).
hola @mirian, primero me llamaron para confirmar mi email de contacto y luego me enviaron un par de mail con módulos de aceptación de pago por un importe de 66€ con algo.. prevista entrega el 02/03, llaman con numero desconocido así que hay que estar en alerta :)
i write from italy , i begin to feel that in spain are asking you to pay $ 95 shipping ? i hope it is a hoax because the monent order was made ​​quite clear that the $ 95 was for the iva and shipping . i ask , politely , to nextbit to clarify this situation not pleasant . thank you
@mauro, a mi no me ha llegado el email aún, cuál es el costo adicional que te están pidiendo pagar? para prepararme psicologicamente...
nextbit looks like finally somone in europe is getting the phone but in the same time there are many confirmations about the vat/taxes cost ! we waited long time, we're receiving the phone as almost last (sorry benelux+india) and we also have to pay more than planned ? please...no.
@angelo brown it's a lot easier to say of course if you have received the phone. if you don't even have an idea if it will ever be delivered it's a lot more difficult not to complain. i've payed €600 months ago and have no idea if i'll receive something, off course i'm nervous. i stay polite but i admin i wouldn't allow it from any other supplier...
@nexbit today fedex spain, called me and sent me an email with the additional custom cost that i have to pay to have the phone.... i sen you an email with all the details, please solve this problem as soon as possible. it's not correct to ask us 95 dolars of shipment with vat cost included and then that! thank you
i´m having the same problem as @nikkyh, i just got a call from fedex informing me that i would receive mi robin next wednesday (i live in barcelona, spain) and they requested my email and id to send me the charges... i thought they were already paid for!
i still haven't received anything about my reward. i just checked the nextbit online store and noticed that if i ordered it now, it would ship in two weeks. here's my question, how can nextbit say they're going to ship online orders in two weeks when they can't give their backers a timeline for their rewards?
hi! i just got a call from fedex informing me that i would receive mi robin next wednesday (i live in barcelona, spain) and they requested my email to send me the delivery charges... i thought they were already paid for!
@nextbit: any update for india users?
@nextbit yes,  how's the benelux story going?
@nextbit - any news on shipping to the benelux? was the trademark issue resolved?? thanks
@david cantu it's nice to hear that you are impressed with robin.  may i know what is it you like about robin? i'm occupying myself with updates while patiently waiting for international shipment to arrive.
people check you spam and it might just say fedex.  my email viewed it as junk mail.
@brandon o i'm using my robin on google fi. everything works minus switching networks. i believe i'm staying connected to tmobile.  also,  do not complete activation of fi as you won't be able to send txt but can recieve. my work around and i tried it twice was just sign out of the project fi app after you compete activation and you should be able to send txt again. mms works also in and out.
@casualt i haven't received anything yet (no tracking number or anything else)
i have to say i'm really impressed by this phone! i think this will be my daily driver for a bit and let my v10 rest for a few weeks. great job everyone @ nextbit... worth the wait.
hello has anyone received anything outside the usa? so all the people commenting about receiving packages are in the usa??? thanks
@yoshi no, not yet to me. but thanks for your comment, that's encouraging to me!
my package came today. it was my t shirt and quick charger. i'm just happy i finally got something, just waiting for my phone and other accessories now.
@tormor i got a mail from nextbit says: we hope to have information within the next couple of days. did you get the similar mail this mornig here in japan?
i'm received my robin today and am waiting for 3 additional accessories to arrive. a lot of you are being nasty jerks. i  think these guys were amazing regarding getting the product to us. so of you people are losing your minds.  obviously these guys aren't ripping us off. some of you need to take it down a notch. this isn't youtube so a lot of the nasty stuff needs to quiet. none of you people have developed a major products from the ground up.  thanks team.  still looking for accessories and no one or nothing is perfect. but i know you're busting your butta to give a quality product.
@nextbit what's your estimation of departure time for japan bound flight? days to go? weeks? months? don't worry, patience is the most typical characteristic of japanese people.
alright, perfect @nextbit. thank you!
@nextbit i just got my package. inside the package -t-shirt -charger where the phone?
hey there, we did see the post and were trying to find more information regarding this. all shipments (eu) we are working to resolve with fedex. the customer will not have to pay any extra duties or vat.
i'd like to know as well @luca @nextbit
@nextbit any comment about the vat/taxes point we asked about? see nikkyh post, it's quite important!
@andreja - we know. and we sincerely apologize for the delays, and piecemeal info. we're trying our best! some mistakes were made, and we're trying to fix those things asap. we hope you love your robin when you get it...and you will...so we're hoping to get all that tracking info for you and the rest of the backers as soon as possible.
@giacomo nice review! also update: we've shipped more phones and expect to have tracking numbers tonight. we don't know exactly when/who they're going to yet. we also expect more tracking information later this week as more robins are shipped. also, we do apologize that the package isn't complete as some have gotten their accessories without the device - we thought the packages contained everything there, but realized everything was shipping from different places. stay tuned folks..we'll get more info soon. thanks again for hangin' in there!
first impressions: over all very positive. i am writing this on the robin, and everything seems smooth so far. display is good, better than the iphone 6, and moto x 2013 (two phones i have for reference). the phone feels great in the hand, and i was impressed by the feel of the plastic. cloud leds are sick, and work really well. the black bar around the display is smaller than i thought it would be, and isn't really noticeable. fingerprint scanner works great, but you need to lift your finger off the power button for a split secpnd for it to register after you physically click the button. i haven't had a chance to teat the camera, but the performance seems up to par so far. over all i am really happy with thoa device, and can't wait to test the cloud storage and camera. worth the wait!!
@andreja mrak dober dan! lublianu? :-) all backers outside the usa are in the same boat i think. i made a shipping faq on nextbit forums. gope its gonna help you: https://community.nextbit.com/t5/general-q-a/the-shipping-faq-or-robin-where-art-thou/m-p/4279#u4279 gn and hf
mi sa che per ricevere il mio faccio prima a trasferirmi a boston...
not yet @casualt
@gianluca ma allora ci sono altri italiani qui? :) io vivo negli stati uniti e ho già ricevuto il mio robin!
@deniz, grazie mille! speriamo allora che manchi davvero poco.
@nextbit although i believe one should say nothing if there's nothing nice to say, i have to tell you that after reading a ton of threads and searching for any international shipping info in a million places, realising that i will be probably getting my robin as one of the last persons out there was really disappointing. i got charged for accessories on the 11th of february but didn't get a tracking number or any other shipping info till now (not from nextbit, kickstarter, backerkit, fedex, ups,...). so i'm guessing i will be getting the last possible unit since i am from slovenia and as far as i know there are only two of us - early backers :(
@gianluca da prato, ciao gianluca! io sono in australia ma sto ritornando in italia a marzo. ho contattato nextbit e mi hanno consigliato che con i loro tempi di consegna (anche io per il modello electric) di mettere l'indirizzo italiano. nel frattempo neanche io ho ricevuto niente, nessuna mail, o altro riguardo il telefono. siccome però nextbit mi ha avvisato verso fine febbraio/inizio marzo cominceranno a spedire rimango tranquillo.
i'm an early backer from italy and i chose electric but i haven't received yet my tracking number. anyone from italy or europe who is in the same situation as me?
anyone in canada get anything?
just received my mint robin. super excited, and hope nextbit is able to get out the rest of the robins to international backers soon!!
just received my midnight robin, charger, and tshirt. however, i did order a screen protector and case, but those did not come with for some reason. do we know when we can expect them?
i am backer #1128 for a midnight blue robin and i have not yet received any information for the shipping of my device. is that normal ?
received mine today at 10:30 am est. backer #3172 and had the charger. tshirt and phone
backer #112, got my shirt and charger just now.  waiting for tracking for electric colorway phone.  maybe today or tomorrow for tracking.  looks like it will be right at end of month or 1st of march when i get the phone.  could be worse.  git'r'dun @nextbit.  @nextbit team tired yet? ;)
@kuot not yet, mate. still waiting.
finally!!!!! got delivered
(backer number 1,258 - shipping to italy) when will it be shipped? thank!
i got to be somewhere next mo i just hope the phones not coming in that time period
well i got my tshirt and charger thanks.
@john i have the cloud logo as my avatar. i'm just a backer.
@kt why?  because, you're being such a tease, apparently -_-  i get a tracking # a week after you say the phones are being shipped.  it's reasonable to expect i was getting my phone.  crank up excitement. besides, why ship the charger?  i don't get that..  it made me think the phone was inadvertently missed in the packing process.    the charger should be with the phone!  it's like a woman strip teasing in front of you, then just as she's pulling off the last piece of underwear, she stops and walks out.  -_-
@roho, it is quick charge 2.0. the following is a link to their site.  under "other stuff" you will find the specific reference.  the link is:  https://www.nextbit.com/products/robin
@roho last i remember it was 2.0
sobs and tears from india!!! nextbit please pay some bribe and let our robins fly to us  ..lol
@john why are you pissed? nextbit isn't trying to withhold anything from you. a lot of people got the same package because apparently some phones and accessories shipped from different warehouses. in the recent comment from nextbit, they said they'll be shipping robins for the rest of the backers by the end of the month. we'll all get tracking too. these guys are a tiny startup...mistakes happen. in the meantime, enjoy the shirt and be proud of being a part of an amazing kickstarter.
@john proffer are you one of the 1000 early backers, and which color did you order? from nextbit, first 1000 us gsm mint/midnight have been shipped out. so if you don't fall into all of these categories, you're probably waiting for the phone to be shipped later.
i'm really pissed off.  this makes no sense. i got the package that fedex was tracking today. it included: 1. t-shirt 2. charger. that's it.  thats it.  where's the damn phone?!? -_-
@pol how did you get fed ex details outside of us?
hey ! i'm still waiting for my robin but i did received tracking info from fedex. i will get it in a week !!! (i'm from spain)
your pledge amount $888.00 pledge level -$698.00 pledge level shipping - cyprus -$190.00  add-ons subtotal -$160.00 paid on 02/19/16    $160.00  this is a copy paste from my backerit invoice it seems that the add-ons are not vat charged, since the shipping charge (190) contains the vat for 2 phones only :(
i'm still assuming that we don't have to pay taxes und duties. maybe it is caused by the chaos of delivery and they have forgotten the ddp declaration only on the separate packages with the accessories. both should be sent together originally.
im sure that taxes are included in the kickstarter orders. however  i'm not sure about the vat of extras i.e cases, sheep, cables from the backerit add ons......, i think those didn't include vat
looks like this week is only for us.  my friend saw a phone like robin-elecric in a london tube station. want to know if anybody from london had already received it! i m quite sure that none of d uk backers have got any robin...
anyone else using their robin on google's project fi?
got mine (memphis clearance unit) about an hour ago. quick question. anyone know if the quick charging is v2.0 or v3.0? don't see it actually documented anywhere. just assumptions made on various sites.
just received my robin - one of the holdups from memphis!
when i selected in my pledge the country the cost of shipment put that vat shipping and vat are included in the shipping cost, so i really hope that we will not have to pay more custom costs.
anyone in australia received their robin yet?
@luca lombardi @juho @yoshi @kaspar feer : i will know more once i get the information from finnish customs. all the fedex office could tell me was that "a package from nextbit" said i would be paying the vat. they took my henkilötunnus (social security number) and said i'd get the notice from tulli (customs).
@nikk this shouldn't be the case. maybe the custom stuff isn't filled out correctly but where i live the calculation is as follows: ([price excluding vat] + [shipments cost]) * [vat + 1] for you it might be 350+25*1.2 = 450. i think to forget the shipping costs in the calc and calculated like (350*1.2)+25 = 445. i dunno. however the vat is included in the kickstarter. maybe there was a misunderstanding in the custom declaration.
@nikkyh pledge said "shipping and vat are added to reward when you select your country." i thought international backers don't have to pay for custom(vat) fee.  @creator we need the information which countries need the fee for custom(vat) clearance.
in depth camera review. sounds pretty good as a point and shooter. http://m.connect.dpreview.com/post/1923971528/nextbit-robin-camera-quick-review
electric early backer, received notofication feb 22, packet was noted as being 1.5 lbs. got held up in clearance in memphis. was just delivered this morning to pittsburgh, pa. contained t-shirt, mascot, quick charger and my bumps case. hoping to get my robin next week sometime. patience folks!
@nikkyh i take it that you have been in contact with nextbit's support about that. i'm still waiting to get info when my robin will be coming to finland and having to pay extra vat is not something i'd like.
@nextbit @nikkyh this is very important ! i was also sure that we didn't have to pay any extra for vat (in italy known as iva) since "shipping and vat are added to reward when you select your country." please clarify this !
just got a call from the finnish branch of fedex to let me know i will still have eu vat to pay for the custom clearance of the phone when it arrives mid next week. it seems the extra us$95 i was charged through kickstarter was just for shipping, not for vat as the pledge said: eg "shipping and vat are added to reward when you select your country."
i made a shipping faq on nextbits community forum: https://community.nextbit.com/t5/general-q-a/the-shipping-faq-or-robin-where-art-thou/m-p/4281#u4281 have fun.
another detail review: http://www.mobilesmspk.net/mobile-video/nextbit-robin-review
@creator international early adopters will not receive robin priority before regular backers. right?
@see g tan hi there, fellow singaporean backer here. yet to receive any fedex tracking information, unfortunately, but am guessing ours should most probably be in the same shipment? so am just curious if there is any update on or change in tracking info for your robin? thanks in advance!
to all those who are worried about their shipments stuck with clearance issues, let me tell you something.. there are a few backers like me who are still uncertain about the shipment due to regulatory issues. we are eagerly waiting for an update from nextbit..your phones are atleast shipped. so, please be patient and wait a bit more..the champ is coming...!!
@nextbit happy to hear that all units will be shipped by the end of this weekend..but, please think of few of us who are still waiting for an update about the regulatory issues..hope you are taking care of it too..from your previous comment, i believe that all phones will be shipped by the end of this month ( including electric to international backers ). so, now only the regulatory issue is the barrier, i hope..please make sure that everything will be fine atleast by the end of this month..hoping for the best...!!
@creator that's the update we've been waiting for! thank you! still sad that it will arrive after i go back to work so i'll have another few weeks to wait until i can use it. @kaspar great analogy! :)
@nextbit please post same on community forum to cover those that may be there and not here.  suggest you pin it as an announcement.  git'r'dun.
thanks nextbit for the update! (puts down the tablecloth)
hey rebels! here's the latest update from our logistics team: starting today (2/23), more units have shipped which we will provide tracking info for as soon as we have it. from friday through the weekend, we expect that nearly all units for backers, including international backers, will have shipped. keep in mind that it is standard that there will be an import customs clearance process that many have experienced. this is to be expected for all shipments and is not unusual. there is a 3-day business turnaround for the warehouse as well. with those in mind, you should expect to receive your units about a week from the ship date. this means that most backers will receive their units near the end of february, and some others very early march. again, we will provide tracking numbers to everyone when we have them. we really appreciate your patience. your robin is coming very very soon!
gotta leave the comment section for awhile, if not maybe i will start to eat the table cloth and fork lol
being 17hrs ahead of sf really sucks! so close to the finish line
@paul gowan well said. kudos.
i've followed another kickstarter project (pre-ordered after campaign).  they have build issues,  many long delays, and are far less transparent to their community than @nextbit has been to us.  just to say to all anxious @rebels....things could be much worse...much.  if robin doesn't arrive tomorrow i'm not going to have a meltdown.  it will be here soon.
@mark scwacofer  tomorrow will tell us one way or the other.  i went back and looked at the email from nextbit.  it alluded to the tracking being for the phone.
being a hk backer is just like sitting at the table closest to the kitchen...every time the waiter deliver a dish, hope raised up, then nah not mine, hope raised up again, then again not mine lol makes me feel more hungry :p just saying
sounds more and more like its just the tshirt and charger.
@dennis i got the same notice. i will be seriously bummed if that is the case.this has been the one phone that i have been seriously excited about. oh well.
the shipping confirmation discussion is very confusing.  those in the community forum say the 1.1 lb packages contain the t-shirt and charger only...not the phone.  guess i will find out tomorrow.  i only got one notification.
evening all, i am backer #95, yes i am extremely excited that soon i will have a fantastic phone. to me though it's all about taking pride in being included at the beginnings of a brilliant company.  i was one of the chosen 100 to receive the one plus one when they first started and it's about taking pride knowing you have something unique. we all should enjoy the journey, cherish the moments and enjoy the experience when the phones are in our hands.
i think early backers were confused about what the reward was. it used to be $100 discount plus early shipment, but delays made it just $100 off. so it's cost efficient to ship all us backers together on a large pallet, and not piecemeal. so that's why some us backers got theirs. you know, sometimes it's a manufacturing thing and a 3rd party shipping issue, rather than the oems fault for everything.
looks like they had the chance to send out a shipping "pallet" to the us which probably could hold more units than just the early backers in the us. so, you end up angering the international early backers but gain happiness from the non early us backers. makes sense, @nextbit - all i'm looking for as an international backer is some transparency and a clearer picture of what's going on. no more back and forth please.
i hope everyone realizes that being an early backer means getting that $100 discount, not getting the phone early anymore. the team doesn't have information yet on logistics as they've stated. be patient everyone, everything is supposed to ship out soon and we'll probably get tracking on monday. doesn't matter anymore who gets their phone first as long as we get them.
so @nextbit, you're telling me, that as an early backer i will not be getting my phone before back 3,172 (@andrew alexander)? i'm really not trying to be pushy. i just want to know for sure, when you plan to ship our phones out, or tell us more transparently where they are. i'd love to know if you even *have* me as a backer, at this point. thanks for the hard work, sorry i keep bugging you all.
i'm backer 3172 and i'm receiving mine tomorrow.
@nextbit do you know if my robin has been sent out yet? i'm an early adopter btw .
@nextbit im assuming im getting the phone tomorrow i got an email stating the charger and tshirt would come seperately is that correct? i appreciate that you guys keep us informed. ty
so i actually don't care that much about hearing about delivery stuff what i would like to hear are peoples impressions of the phone if they received it not if they got tracking or not lol.
@vaulour that's hilarious so do i!
i'm an early adopter and i still havent gotten my phone! :( and i've been refreshing my email religiously hoping to receive my shipping info. :(
i just got mine here in utah. i was backer #465. i did not get a shipping number, but it was delivered. i was was sent a shipping number, then whoops, i missed seeing it. it did require a signature, so i did have to wait one day. i didn't know it was showing up, and since i had no idea what was being delivered, i had no problem waiting an extra day.  thanks for getting this out, and look forward to seeing everyone get theirs soon.
nextbit reply my question about the shipping, they said will give us an updates within this two days.
@casualt i live in hamilton, ontario! i'll let you know if i receive anything...
so from the sound of it after shane's post more than the first 1000 backer phones ate going out but only if you live in the us? @noor  fine to say but it's fedex shipping not rocket surgery. when everything is hinging on needing to ship a product you can have your ducks in a row before the product is ready. shipping 1000 phones globally through fedex shouldn't be painful. i don't buy the not having answers statement. has my phone shipped or not. easy question. million dollars in product and they don't know where it is at all times?
nope not me ontario canada
has anybody outside the us actually received something?
received mine today, even though i was backer 1564. weight of package was 1.5lbs and had the phone itself and the wall charger.
weight for my shipment is 1.98lbs. received tshirt in separate package. no additional accessories ordered.
weight	1.1 lbs / 0.5 kgs im not sure what im getting , but it does say indirect signature required  so im thinking its the phone
@nextbit thanks! i did in fact receive my tracking number, and my robin is scheduled to arrive tomorrow morning!
@chris 1.8 without shirt? the phone is approximately 150g, which, with everything, should weight closer to .75 - 1 lb. what color did you get?
@abe  if you are under 1.7, i would guess it does not have the phone in the box, although if there is no t-shirt in there, 1.32 may be the right weight at that point.  mine was 1.8 and i have seen 1.7 from others.
to anyone else who is getting their packages tomorrow or soon, how heavy is your package? mine is listed at 1.32lbs; however, people have been confirming that the phone with packages is close to 2lbs. (fyi, i got the t-shirt, extra cables, screen protector, and phone). any information is appreciated!
@david wu same here...patiently waiting though
thanks nextbit for freeing the robins stuck in memphis! good job!
wow people can be really selfish, arrogant and impatient. give nextbit a break. this is kickstarter !! if you wanted a phone straight away you should have visited your local store. these things take some time to ship and actually reach you. give them a break and appreciate the work that they have put in. thanks and keep up the hard work. #rebelsgoneviral
@nexbit any info on the verizon special orders..gsm one??
@creator i choosed the kickstarter special. in color mint (very proud!!!). gsm version (international)... so i expect my robin in a few days (25-27 february) ? is that right ??? i will receive the tracking info as well? thanks !!!!
hey rebels, just a quick update: we're still on track to ship the rest of the backer (including international) units mint, midnight, and electric, by the end of the month. they won't go out entirely as one shipping pallet, but at separate times. so some of you will receive tracking info before others. we also don't know which regions they'll hit first. we're hoping to have more info tomorrow or thursday. thanks for hanging in there people, we're only a group of 30 trying our best to figure these things out, and getting past these growing pains on our first try! :)
@ abe chung i think some of the electric  for the early backers have shipped. i ordered electric and according to fed ex it will be delivered tomorrow .
@ a. joseph i am curious how it handles jumping from wifi calling over to t-mobile and back using your google fi prgrm'd sim.
@jose molina, afaik, if you aren't part of the 1000 early backers (who chose mint/midnight), you aren't one of the people who is getting their phones. @rebels, the accessories stuff just released clearance and scheduled delivery resumed.
@nextbit can you provide shipment schedule for the international backers
i have not received the mascot nor the tshirt... all i received was the post card a while back...
@angel ty
quite frustrated to see the shipment is routed via hk but i have yet received any shipping update as kickstarter backer whom lived in hk ....
mariana 14 minutes ago @nextbit have the international early backers shipped yet???
got my robin using it with google's project fi.   seems to be on tmobile lte not switching over.  everything works fine so far. i'm actually getting better service now compared to the switching back and forth.  still waiting on case.  oh yea i got my shipping notice the day after i received the phone.
@mark schwacofer, it's really easy. the phone will walk you through it. register a couple of fingers.
@nextbit have the international early backers shipped yet???
ty, nextbit for getting the phones moving.i'm  curious how many people from idaho have ordered one of these?  i've never used a fingerprint scanner before is it hard to set up?
@nextbit thanks for the quick reply. that answers my question/ statement.
@ all sounds to me that electric is not even built yet
@kevin i got my mascot yesterday with my t-shirt and chargers. still waiting on my phone ,cables and case
just curious, has anyone received the mascot? i am still awaiting my electric robin and the mascot, received everything else i ordered...
@nextbit... thank you for clearing up the hold :) my robing should arrive tomorrow am.
@nextbit thanks but did you actually shipped to the other regions? i mean early backers. please give a clear answer, meaning yes we shipped, no not yet. thanks...
when are you expected to ship the rest of kickstarter orders??? ;)
i'm a super early backer and i have not received a tracking number or anything.  how do i know what number i am?  i do know that i should be in the first 400 and i've received nothing.
@giacomo - we did send the email out. did you check your spam folder? your tracking info was in there.
clearance delay issue resolved here too.. delivery expected wed 2/24/2016 by 10:30 am
hi all, yes!! our logistics team worked really hard to get the shipment hold up resolved. huge props to them. regarding other things: 1) special sim trays will be shipped separately. we don't have an eta yet, but expect them in march. we'll keep you updated. 2) we'll try to get more info on electric later this week as scott and tom are away at mwc. 3) @rhiney @mariana all we knew last week was that shipments would begin, but we didn't have the breakdown of which region would get them first. we're hoping that the next round of shipments will be clearer for everyone. we're doing our best to get you that info!
its helpful to track how many got it....plz fill it...it takes less than a minute! thank you all
survey is anonymous guys.....jst in order to avoid duplicate entry i made name, email id fields
as of now 17 ppl answered the survey...4 got shipping info, out of it 1 person got robin....rest yet to get!
morning update: cleared customs and new delivery date is 2/24 before 10:30 am pst
@vipin, how many replies of yes and no in d survey?
it looks like we can't create a fedex delivery account for non-us regions.
fedex dm shows clearance release for me now. expected delivery tomorrow!
yes, there is no electricity powered by nextbit, yet in london
the good and silver "special" sim trays were mentioned in an update somewhere but so far no one who's received a phone has had a sim tray included in the package.
for those who received their robins. i was wondering if you guys got a special sim tray? i've tried to ask nextbit but no answer and i also don't remember any mention of them in the updates.
@ abe i'm not early backer but i think in one of the updates all the electric are shipping together?
@ abe chung if your package is showing 1.32 lbs than it does not contain the phone.  just the t-shirt and charger.  based on comments from people that have received the phone the package weight is 2.2 - 2.43 lbs.
y'all at nextbit should give some love to us international early backers. we're really exited/anxious to get our robins. i have gotten 0 news as to where my phone is. i just really want to know where it is. not even eta, just its location.
@jose molina i got my tracking info and i am one of the 1000 gsm backers (electric) (i live in the us). i don't know if it contains the phone or not. but the package is 1.32lbs (hoping). currently, it's held in delay because clearance instructions from the importer are required. hope that helps!
@all does anyone have any info about when electric is shipping out? i'm getting a bit anxious
@roho great for everyone in the us, but that doesn't work for anyone outside the us.
hi guys, created a survey to know who got robin? please fill the survey. https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/c2cgdnc
so basically when u told us that early adopters were shipping this week that was not all true. only ppl living in the usa had there phones shipped.
to everyone looking to see what's coming. if you set up a fedex delivery manager account (free), you can then see what the manifest of the package shows (make sure you set it up with the same address to which nextbit is shipping things), but you might need to look at one of the previous tracking numbers. compare the package weights. my account shows there were actually 4 tracking numbers associated with the shipment, the last being the actual shipment, but the next to last showed the full manifest [t-shirt (100% knit cotton), quick charger a (us and japan), robin gsm midnight, screen protector plastic, cases bumps midnight].
now i'm sort of upset. nextbit, what do you mean by 'we're hoping to have more info regarding early backers in other regions wednesday or thursday.' have the international phones not been shipped out yet? it was my understanding that all the early backer phones were shipping out together. i'm just wondering where mine is, as i do sorta need a phone and the longer you wait, the longer the tech is outdated. i'm really pumped but now my enthusiasm is starting to be replaced by anxiety. (first 1,000 backers, canada, mint)
backer #340 in canada, should i have seen a tracking number already? because i have not..;)
i am living in hong kong, and my backer number is more than 2000, and i choose midnight version,, will i get the product before mid of march?
@christos i am a u.s. early backer and have received no tracking number, despite nextbit saying they would send it out last night.
nextbit robin review: cloud aside, a sleek and capable phone at a surprisingly low price.nextbit robin review: cloud aside, a sleek and capable phone at a surprisingly low price.  http://venturebeat.com/2016/02/22/nextbit-robin-review-cloud-aside-a-sleek-and-capable-phone-at-a-surprisingly-low-price/
@john proffer - the bouncing back and forth between alaska and hk was just bad layout - when you are moving across 17 timezones and flying over the north pole takes less time than that, when just looking at time without specifying and locking at one timezone, rubbish like this shows up...
singapore backer received fedex tracking information 12 hours ago. strangely, it shows package left hong kong, custom delays and stucked in memphis instead of taking four hours direct flight down south to singapore.
@oliver yeah it's most likely the accessories. there's that hopeful bit in me thinking it's my damn phone haha.
nobody from uk received d tracking number. . @nextbit, give some electrifying updates on electric
+1 @luca lombardi & @nextbit
likewise sean. got an email from nextbit with a tracking number and when clicked it say delay in memphis. im an early bird backer electric robin. hopefully it comes in this week. could be the accessories
so i have a tracking number for a shipment in memphis. is that my robin? it's an electric, i'm an early bird btw.
well i think it's time to give some info about shipping dates for kick-starter non early backers. i think it's a bit unfair promising a 2 week delivery to new buyers with so many uncertainties sourounding the delivery for everyone else except for the usa early backers.
@nextbit thanks but did you actually shipped to the other regions? i mean early backers. please give a clear answer, meaning yes we shipped, no not yet. thanks...
@praveen, the screen protector only covers the glass. @sean we're hoping to have more info regarding early backers in other regions wednesday or thursday.
electric backer in the uk ! got a feeling this nightmare of a delivery saga is gonna drag well into march for us non us backers , even if we were in the first 1000
any info for us early backers in the rest of the world? i was hopeful i'd have my phone before heading back to work in a week but now i think i'll be lucky if it ships by then. i though *all* the early backers shipped on the 18th (excluding electric) some already have their phones and i'm under the impression mine hasn't left yet because i'm outside the us? fill us in.
has anyone here ordered and received the tempered glass screen protector? could you let know if it covers the entire front panel, with cutouts for the speaker and camera / sensor?
i got a tracking number but i heard that the electric builds were happening this weekend, however the package shipped on saturday, can anyone confirm if electric builds have been shipped or is this just my accessories?
hey everyone, so for some of you who received tracking information that showed that fedex needed more info from the importer and things are being held in memphis - don't worry, our logistics team is sorting that out with fedex. we'll provided more info tomorrow!
can anyone guide me how to track shipment on fedex? can i track using email or phone number? thanks in advance!
i got my package today. but i didn't get a phone in the package i just got a charging cable.
i'm in hawaii and fedex just delivered my t-shirt, charger, and sky bumps case. t-shirt is a lot nicer than i had originally thought. i've received several t-shirts from kickstarter campaigns, but this is by far the comfiest. who would've thunk v-neck would feel so nice? i'm still a little concerned about the bumps case, though. the back is perforated which may allow all kinds of gunk and pocket lint to get in and the top + bottom part of the phone will not be protected. honestly, i think the corners of the phone need the most protection. those always seem to be the point of impact whenever i drop my phone. still looking forward to my robin!
@shane i think you'll find it will just be your t-shirt and charger and possibly any extras u bought. you will not be getting the phone.
just got an e-mail with tracking number for the package i received earlier today.  as the saying goes: "better later than never". :)  while i ordered electric i have not gotten the phone yet (only the t-shirt and charger) hope to get tracking number for the phone very soon and ideally before the package arrive. :)  actually, never mind, i really do not care just get me the phone... ;)
what's interesting is from what i can tell i am not an "early backer" per se as i backed at the kickstarter special level for $340 and am backer 1564 but yet i just received my tracking info. in fact looking at the tracking info it was attempted to be delivered today when i wasn't home.
here's the status for mine - not sure how long this clearance will take? 2/21/2016 - sunday 12:01 pm	clearance delay - import		memphis, tn importer needs to provide tariff number. 10:15 am	in transit		memphis, tn package available for clearance 12:16 am	arrived at fedex location		memphis, tn
it's pretty sad that so many people are in the dark about shipping. no one knows much about whats going on. we need some more info from nextbit.
@nextbit please let us know the poa for the clearance issue. who is going to handle the issue, fedex or nextbit.
@ john proffer in the fedex tracker it's set to "local scan time" by default.  select one of the other options and it will show the tracking steps in order.
@nextbit an early backer here..no tracking or any info yet..
@paul kim.. i'm in the same situation as you...in fact, so are 278 other backers. my estimated prior delivery date was for tomorrow...now i'm hoping it gets resolved so i can get it by thursday. thats 280 out of 800, a large chunk of backers so it should be top priority.
just got email with fedex tracking then noticed it is the tracking for the portion of my accessories this morning which didn't have my electric robin , my scratches case or my extra chord. ugh the rise and fall of emotions of the life of a kickstarter backer!
just got me email with fedex tracking number! scheduled for delivery on tuesday, thanks nectbit you rock!!!
hey nextbit team, i am having the same issue with the whole import clearance that others are describing below. when i spoke with a rep from fedex, i was told that either i, or the sender needs to pay for the import tariff or whatnot. the estimate i was given was over $100 (which obviously is outlandish). could you give us a clarification/update, and let us know how this is planned to be resolved? i am looking forward to my device, but i for this situation to ruin my experience. thanks y'all.
i was expecting the 15th of this month after the promise of last month fell through. now, i'm waiting on nexbit to fix the mess that is delaying my phone and others phones in memphis!
i was in the first 800 backers and got it for 299.99
@nextbit ty for shipping, but could give some clarity? 667922439820 it says clearance instructions from the importer are required.
also stuck in memphis. 1. kudos for this small startup to take the time to email the backers that have shipments enroute with tracking numbers. 2. bad for them to not have someone familiar with international shipping logistics to coach them through this process.
least you have something to track lol.
just got a shipment this morning which had only the t shirt and the charger. looking forward to getting the phone soon?...
i'm confused by this tracking info, lol.. 2/20/2016 - saturday 9:08 pm	in transit		lantau island hk 3:28 pm	departed fedex location		anchorage, ak 3:18 pm	left fedex origin facility		kwun tong hk 3:12 pm	picked up		kwun tong hk 1:55 pm	arrived at fedex location		anchorage, ak why does it keep ping-ponging between alaska and hong kong??
my shipment is stuck in memphis.
@kevin yuen i've been told from someone else that it doesn't mean your a early backer. i got told i was just a regular backer lol but who knows.
"and the 13-megapixel rear camera can be likened to the display — it doesn’t come close to the big guns like apple’s iphone and samsung’s galaxy flagships, but it does a good job. it might even do a better job than you’d expect from a $400 phone." from the article posted below.
and nextbit said 800 will receive their phone because there are 200 backers selected electric?
i thought the early backers mean who got the $299 package, because some people was cancelled and another people filled in, so that might be not the actually first 1000, am i correct? i'm the electric $299 backers.
hi dayakar eppanapally.  i got the same email asked to pickup in sfo and i reply yes but later was cancel due to shipment issues.  now i am still waiting my phone, which i use fedex delivery manager to track all shipment to my address, and currently phone being held hostage in tn for custom clearance which nextbit need to resolve
bgr review http://bgr.com/2016/02/18/nextbit-robin-review/
hi, i have not received any information yet, i ordered midnight and gsm version and i am in early 300 backers, very upset the way its going. i was asked in an email to come into into sfo to pick it up on 17th but i live away from sfo it was not worth driving all the way and finding out otherwise. please let me know where is my phone?
hi, i have not received any information yet, i ordered midnight and gsm version and i am in early 300 backers, very upset the its going. i was asked in an email to come into into sfo to pick it up on 17th but i live away sfo it was not worth driving all the and finding out otherwise. please let me know where is my phone?
hey, i just got the t-shirt and the charger too. i am an early backer who ordered electric.  looking forward to getting the phone soon.
i'm #1078 but i'm from us. but haven't received any thing yet
i'm with @casualt. i'm one of the first 1,000 backers (canada) and all i want is a simple tracking number, or someone telling me where my phone is.
our phones will arrive in due time. there saving the best for last...we canadians will wait paiently.   tapping foot...
@casualt - all the people who are getting their phones are early backers who have ordered mint and midnight.
this upsets me. i thought the first 1000 gsm phones would shop to early backers. sounds like that's not the case. only first 1000 people in the usa regards less of when they backed get their phones. is this correct?
how you manage to clear the custom for the first batch (press reviewer) and get this batch stuck in custom.  is there eta when the matter will resolve?
i'm not sure "i just got 800 or so tracking numbers for us backers. it doesn't necessarily mean you are one for the first 800 backers on kickstarter." really clarified anything. if i was in the us and one of the first 800 backers, i would presume i would be in that batch you describe (but that's not the case). it sounds more like you just have ~800 us tracking numbers in no particular backing order from the original early backer phase, i.e., it could include backer #10 and backer #1200).
so 800\1000 early backers were from the usa?! holy crap. i thought there were more fellow canadians got in okn the first 1000.
according to nextbit my phone is stuck in memphis :(
just some clarification - i just got 800 or so tracking numbers for us backers. it doesn't necessarily mean you are one for the first 800 backers on kickstarter. it's all the info i have and that comes from our shipper in china. we have our logisitics manager on it, and hope to get you guys more info soon.
@nextbit i think something is amiss in your calculation or you need to clarify your post. although i've managed to get my tracking due to having a fedex account, you stated you have the tracking for the first 800 (which i was part of), so i assume that means you sent that info out to those 800. i never received any email from you.
@nextbit i am backer 524 from the u.s. i haven't received any tracking information? have you emailed us with info yet, or do you just have the numbers?
@nextbit thanks but i think i got it...you didn't ship it to other countries, just to usa... so in all this the 800 you were talking about are the us ones....the others ...when?
i'm not criticizing here by the way, i know it isn't easy and we just all want to everyone have their device as quickly as possible. i know they're working hard to accomplish that!
the only information we have right now is for us early backers. more coming soon!
unless you're from the benelux or india, abe. i was backer numer 400 something, and my credit card hasn't even been charged yet. :)
venkatesh, what nextbit means by first 1000 is the early backer kickstarter pledge. if you were one of those 1000, you are scheduled to receive gsm robin (mint/midnight) unit now.
@nextbit any info on when electric will be shipping?
@nextbit i think he was asking if u mean all other countries besides usa. if the only phones shipped were in the usa
@luca - we just mean that we'll have more information for early backers in other countries soon.
hope clearance issues resolve soon and we can get our phone tomorrow
@luca lombardi.....i think you've nailed it. i'm in canada and have heard nothing. hopefully i will hear something by this friday, 26/02/2016.
@nextbit what do you mean with "later this week as the other regions will begin to ship out." ? i am one of the first 1000 and live in italy ....you don't mean that the shipping to other countries besides usa still have to be done....right??? so...any info for not us backers?
just so people can compare, i'm a cdma electric backer. i received a package today with a t-shirt and wall charger. no phone (not surprisingly though) and also no screen protector. as near as i can tell, however, i haven't been charged for the screen protector yet. just in case anyone is keeping track. :)
@marcello the electic has been delayed but count that i backed mint colour and i was in the first 1000 ,as my wife, and we didn't get any tracking or info - we're in italy .
how to know what number i am? 800 or 2000 or 6000??
updates on electric pls
sweet i am in the first 800 group
@voujour- nothing at all yet...i'm in toronto
other regions? meaning india and benelux? please say yes!
hope the trademark issue gets solved asap
alrighty! we have tracking for the first 800! we expect to have more shipping information for the rest of the early backers, later this week as the other regions will begin to ship out.
nevermind
i think i'm just stupid, but what is meant by the clearance issue?
@nextbit... thanks!! hanging tight :)
hi!  first of all: congrats! i live in italy, early bird, ordered electric and as of now  a) no tracking info b) nothing received any good news nextbit?
@nextbit amazing dedication you guys have! keep at it :). just a question about the early adopter phones. are all of them shipped and are we just waiting for tracking info? :)
has anybody in canada received their phone yet? :) great job nextbit !
we're figuring out the clearance issue right now, hang tight rebels!
@shane... same here, stuck in memphis... according to the details it looks like it's for 280 addresses ..i would hope this would get cleared asap
i meant 'not the router'
@nexbit, what about the shipment that is stuck in memphis? will that be cleared?
just received mine. thanks for the shirt nextbit! i've been setting it up via wi-fi and basically plan on using it solely on wi-fi, sans phone plan. the wifi connection seems slow and cuts out on occasion, even though i'm next to the router. i know it's the router since all other devices run smoothly. also, the device seems very warm even though it's just using wifi. is anyone else feeling the heat?
@nextbit. early backer here and others near me are getting their phones. why is mine still stuck with a clearance delay?
hey everyone, we understand some people received 1) their phones and no accessories 2) their phone and accessories, and 3) just the accessories. since things have been shipped from multiple regions, it's a bit difficult to get everything together and we're doing our best to fix that. we're still trying to get the shipping info, but right now, it's looking like it's just for early backers. don't give up rebels, this is our first run at it. we appreciate your patience! as for india, taiwan, and japan - we're getting shipping issues taken care of - just some minor regulatory things...no eta just yet, but we're hoping that it is resolved soon. as for benelux - no timetable yet, but our legal team is on it.
i received my t-shirt and charger today. no phone presumably because i'm electric. also no case.
i received my robins this morning. so everyone can compare i got my bumps cases, t-shirt, and charging brick. i did not get a special sim tray, a scratches case, or the tempered glass screen protectors i ordered as of yet. not sure if they were missed or backordered.
i just received a t-shirt and a rapid charger. no cable or phone. huh?
d: i just want to know where my sweet robin is...
hk backer again. really can't wait anymore, i hope to see my shipment very soon.
nothing from fedex nor nextbit re: tracking info for the uk (first 1000 backer).
i think, there is no tracking numbers for us. others will have!
i was an early backer and received a tracking info from fedex. my package is being delivered today.
i was an early backer (first 1000)
thanks, @juho. also, does anyone know if there's at the door charges??
are all the people who received theirs so far only the first 1000 early bird backers
yes a signature was required..  and i never received a tracking number from nextbit.  i tracked the package through fedex.com.
is signature required for package?
@mariana no tracking number for me. i'm one of the "early birds" and live in finland.
got my robin! @robert same for me, no "special sim tray" but everything else appears to be in order.
has anyone outside of the us gotten their tracking #'s or their devices?
sorry..  i'm located in the us..  minneapolis, mn
i received my package about an hour ago..  it contained my midnight robin, rapid charger, and shirt.  happy to get almost everything..  there was no special sim tray, and i'm still waiting on an update on the bruiser case. my short review, screen looks great to my 20/20 eyes, figure print sensor works great, notification light is noticeable even through its located next the usb-c charging port..  the front facing speakers are amazing to me..  first phone i owned with them..  there not going to knock your socks off, but its a hell of a lot better than cupping the back of my old nexus 5 phone.  i think they'll be fine in a moderately loud space.  i'm really liking the feel of the phone, it seem to have quite a bit more weight than my old nexus 5 (in a good way).  it build quality feels really solid.  i'm happy.
looks like mine is still stuck in memphis stuck in a customs clearance delay: recommended action: importer must provide instructions. reason for delay: importer needs to provide tariff number. recommended action: importer to provide. lovely. looks like their hong kong shipper dropped the ball on the paperwork.
@victor ma no love here. also in atlanta. hopefully on the route later today.
backers' review is welcome here. i'm excited to know if robin camera is performing better than the review. ( hopefully)
just received my bumper, charger and t-shirt.  no phone yet, but i'm hopeful it's really soon!
@shane i have no idea man. maybe they ship the phones separately?
@kyle i'm from columbus, too. however, i am still without my robin...
@victor i'm from rome ga. i'm so confused why mine still has a clearance hold
lucky ducks! i guess we might not need tracking numbers! congrats to all and congrats to nextbit for their first successful launch!
congrats! fyi: you can trim your sim card down manually with scissors if you're feeling brave!
dont keep the whole phone experience to yourself and share some pics for us who havent got it yet! ;)
just got mine. i am from atlanta.
ya i got it in columbus ohio.  came via fedex with the phone box wall charger box and a shirt. came in good condition. phone turned right on and looks great. i just need a nano sim now..
@kyle where are you at and how is your phone?
just got my robin this morning. i never received any tracking just an fyi.
@jordan thanks for sharing, i'm wonder if the 1tb will be free for the life of the phone?
thanks @nextbit
team nextbit hello, for robin was crowdfunding in the kick starter, we ordered in gsm.  please change this to cdma. thank you.
the hybrid cloud wars begins... http://www.androidcentral.com/acers-flagship-liquid-jade-2-offers-1tb-hybrid-cloud-storage
has any first 1000 gsm backer in asia received their tracking information for their phone?
a backer from hong kong: would love to ask if there is any updates regarding shipping, coz i saw some us folks are getting fedex related updates. thanks in advance!
checked fedex and there's a "clearance delay: import". clearance instructions from the importer are required. recommended action: importer must provide instructions. reason for delay: importer needs to provide tariff number. recommended action: importer to provide.
similar to kickstarter campaign-based phone launch there are quite a few. two of them are symetium, comet...(just fyi). to b released this year. they are kickstarter thru indiegogo.com
i posted this over on the community forum, but here' some more food for thought on the camera:  http://connect.dpreview.com/post/1923971528/nextbit-robin-camera-quick-review
hey rebels, we're working to adjust the cost of shipping accessories. @nick, we'll get that taken care of! @darren, we'll try to get some updates this week for everyone regarding electric.
@nextbit something came up financially and i would like to cancel my order of my verizon addition robin if possible.
any news for electric early adopters @nextbit ?
any new
they know about the shipping costs for the accessories, they are looking for a fix. also, it's worth noting that those reviewers are used to having the best of the best in their hands, that includes cameras. the robin is rahter a mid-tier device, so keeping that in mind, they said the pictures are actually really decent, just not up to par with the higher-end devices.
@mark, @kuot, the shipping cost was asked a few times in their twitter feed they said the cost was bc the accessories will be shipping direct from china and that's why it was $35
yeah same all i wanted was a screen protector and it was gonna cost me $60usd which is $85 australia. no screen protector is worth that.
i went to the store to buy a bumps case and standard shipping costs $35.00 bringing the total cost to $61.88! there didn't seem to be any way to choose a different shipping method so i stopped at that point. i assume this must be an error. nextbit, can you fix?
i really wish you guys would remember this is ks not a preorder page or fingerhut. this is for startups. nothing is gonna be perfect from the beginning. nextbit has an actual product shipping. there aren't many tech projects that can say the same.
@james i get that. but instead of posting something from a dude on xda that never touched the phone. a proper review would be more beneficial
fedex app says package has went to and left anchorage alaska!
all reviews claimed that the camera is not very good. so no surprise in xda review. i hope i will like the camera
just a perspective, but the article raises some relevant concerns.  i'll reserve final judgement till i get my robin.
@james no offense, but that guy has never even used the phone. he's making blanket statements about something he's only read about.
@james r in what possible way does that make anything better. at all.
"backing up pictures makes less sense if the pictures taken are not very good in the first place" http://www.xda-developers.com/on-cloud-phones-a-nice-concept-but-rather-unnecessary-right-now/
thanks nextbit! can't wait to receive mine! you campaign is  amazing and your boxes for press partners are just wonderful! well done!
@nextbit news about electric?
@all i'm a regular backer, should i be expecting any shipping info for electric this weekend or i have to wait for next week?
i received my tracking numbers last night
perfect thanks nextbit! :)
hey rebels! we know you've been really anxious about where your robin is. we're working with our shipper to get that information asap so we can get that to you guys. also, since it's a bit of a manual process for us, we're hoping that monday or tuesday will be when you'll receive that tracking number.
@abe nextbit said we'd get an email, but afaik nobody has. mine just showed up in my fedex acct thursday morning.
would shipping info be sent to your registered email, or do you have to create an account with the carrier, from which nextbit will deliver their phones?
@giacamo check the address you gave nextbit against the fedex address. they have to match exactly. even abbreviations make a difference (rd instead of road for example).
i am in the u.s. and fedex has no new shipments. why is this? was my robin shipped? @nextbit please confirm.
i also show mine on the way via fed ex but no shipping notice from nextbit. it switched to in transit just last night though and shows the expected delivery on tuesday. it changed tracking numbers 3 times before shipping though so i don't blame nextbit for holding on sending the info out until it actually began moving. good luck everyone!
@shane aw man, bummer :( it kills not knowing where exactly my darling is. am hoping my bird will be delivered by tuesday as well considering i'm in singapore...which is much closer to hk than us is! *fingers crossed*
@kua i meant to mention that. it's us only. i'm not even sure who nextbit is using for international deliveries
@shane thanks for the prompt response! hm...am trying to sign up for fedex delivery manager now but seems like it is only available for people residing in the us? :(
@kua if fedex is delivering your robin, yes. you have to sign up for fedex delivery manager.
hi fellow rebels. a query which i hope you can help with - if i do not have a fedex account, but i create one now and input my address details as the one i gave for my robin delivery, would i be able to find any tracking information about it? thanks in advance!
i haven't gotten anything from nexrbit either. i'm using fedex delivery manager. i wouldn't fret. if you're one of the first 1000 gsm (excluding electric) your robin is prolly on its way as well
will the tracking number be emailed to me? if i have not received it, does that mean my robin hasn't shipped yet? (gsm, early backer, mint) thanks for any info!
just came here to post that steven. mine has left hong kong with expected delivery tuesday.
they're en route. :) http://imgur.com/xftofli
@darren - from the comments, it seems like when there's no information, people are ready with their pitchforks, and when there is information, people are ready for their pitchforks...so nextbit doesn't win either way unless that news is good news. so let's be realistic - i think people forget how kickstarter works and how transparent the team has been since day 1. i'm sure over 3,611 backers have asked "where's my phone?" this week...nextbit is trying to get that info asap, while dealing with all that, so let's give em a break. i want to enjoy this phone as much as you guys..and when i get it, i don't want to have a bad taste in my mouth. i'm psyched for it and for nextbit!
not sure im going along with all this hooray for nexbit stance some are taking!! this forum has for the most part completely supportive of @nextbit since day 1. but here is the reality we are not even talking about tracking for a 1000 units as many (including myself) are awaiting electric news. whilst they are a startup they are made up of industry professionals who know the format so cut making excuses for them!! @nextbit dont let yourselves down now the product is ready . inform at least the first thousand if their units have shipped yet or not and please please give us transparency with electric its not the waiting thats the problem its the lack of info just be upfront that is all that is asked
interesting.  i selected the electric colorway.  just received a notice from fedex (with a tracking number) earlier this evening that my phone will ship tomorrow, sat the 20th and arrive on tue the 23rd.   :)
hey @hl - i am nearly a middle-aged man and still talk like that with many of my friends and coworkers. i'm proud to be a nerd kid too, and i'm still going to keep rockin'. super stoked for robin and what nextbit is doing. they've been more than transparent and i'm sure the team is working really hard with the carrier and backerkit to get all the shipping information out to everyone. it's been really amazing the amount of emotion that has surrounded this project. really, what is a 2-week delay, let alone 1 month? have you seen this project: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1300298569/project-phoenix-japans-indie-rpg-feat-aaa-talent/description ??? this project that i've backed was supposed to be delivered in march of 2015! for early birds, 2014! it had aaa talent on it and everything..but delays happened. am i mad? heck no. it's absolutely hilarious to me. come on rebels, nextbit is a startup..this is their first go at everything. cut 'em some slack, they are trying their best to bring you a great phone. bumps are expected along the way. fedex tracking numbers for early birds are going out, so it's just a matter of time. be patient and cheer this team on towards the finish line!
i had a go at rephrasing the creator's message as it feels like they are relying on a middle aged man pretending to be long board riding hipster as their ks correspondent. all people want seems to be info, not a high five from the nerd kid. : all, sorry for the disappointment we've caused you this is completely unintended, we are not amazon and we aren't as agile as the online commerce you are used to. the units are with the carrier and the tracking numbers are generated but not scanned. we couldn't have reached this far without our ks backers and in no ways we would prioritise the online store over you, rest assured. you will receive a tracking number from (carrier name) by (when) and we have booked you in for (2 business day delivery).
hey everyone! thanks for all the support you've given us along this incredibly fun, yet challenging, journey. we're super excited (some of you are more than excited) about shipping your robin and accessories, but we're nearly there. i mean check out our tweet from today: https://twitter.com/nextbitsys/status/700852453080584193 i mean seriously, how sick is that? even some backers in our community received their fedex tracking information and shared the screenshot! go check it out. this ain't vaporware kids...so again, thanks for hangin' in there. robin is on it's way.
besides, the phone could have some rough edges (camera, pwr mgmt) even after it reaches us. many of those may improve based on feedback to nextbit. we can either engage in a constructive feedback exercise or flame them for not getting everything "just right". what is likely to be a more useful and mutually beneficial approach?
@everyone - shipping in a large batch involves some effort and the process is bound to take some time. nextbit may noy be answering pointed qns from you because they may not have additional information. at least, that is a possibility. they have largely stuck to their stated timelines, which is in itself a fairly difficult thing to do. they have a great team but they aren't yet an established mfr building and shipping tons of phones. in which case the process could be pretty straightforward.
thank you sean c., for having some sense in this madness. we've waited almost 6 months and you guys going crazy over a couple days? come on. are we so spoiled and impatient we can't wait an extra week or two to get a phone? lighten up man, go for a walk or something, please!
@alhad naiksatam which country are you from? just wondering to see who is getting stuff first.
wow some people need to up their meds. i've shipped stuff and it can take days to generate a tracking number. shipping isn't instant. you'll get your phone. some of you are behaving like they are shipping you the crown jewels. it's a phone. chill out before you have a jammer.
received tshirt and few stickers today :)
@nextbit since other backers are due to receive or have it shipped by last week of feb, that actually begins on the 22nd. so is that when it starts or are we to expect 28th/29th?
i too am frustrated. if they came out and said, sorry backers, the phones have been delayed until mid march, and here's why, i would be disappointed, but i would understand. it's just the lack of communication that is bothersome. i see people saying to contact nextbit directly - that's pretty inefficient and takes even more time away from them. the other day, i went on fb, asked them what's going on, and their response was that update #25 was the most recent update. i responded, i get that, but that was 10 days ago, and a lot has happened since then. immediately afterwards, update #26 comes out, containing zero info about shipping. i then found scott croyle's tweet about electrics being built this weekend, which is more info than we had before, so i posted that. then, another person asked the same question in another thread, and nextbit's response? see update #25. despite reviews knocking the camera, i still have hope for the device, but nextbit is doing themselves no favors with their communication decisions.
@jordan we have no actual proof that the robins have shipped, or how long ot will take for them to get here. that is what we want to know, and what nextbit should be telling us.
@nextbit i don't understand the problem. you already confirmed that early backers phones have shipped, so why don't you give us the tracking numbers instead of that silly "coming soon"?? people in the forum are now having information about shipping from the us.. this info told by your customer support center.  all in all, just be transparent and send us a clear shipping update.
it is weird on week they were suppose to ship there was no update on shipping.
they could be on a pallet at ups waiting in the que to ship. this has happen to me before. remember china was shut down for a week and everything backed up
that was suppose to be 2 thumbs up.   ivbe had projects on here delayed by 8 months. our phones are being shipped. if u haven't heard anything in a week from now then complain. until then relax
@jordon collins ��
they said ship out start from 18/2, but until now no one seem to receive the tracking info.
jordan, while i respect your optimistic take on this i tend to be somewhat dismayed by the back tracking and obfuscation being exhibited by the nextbit team in the past two updates. even the last comment from them below..."indeed the phones (and more info on your deliveries!) are coming soon"...is an example of no definitive information being provided.
another tweet: @nextbitsys do i get an information when you've delivered my phone? @derwurschti they began shipping out to early bird kickstarters yesterday.
i wouldn't be so upset if they'd been straightforward and told us about any delays in the shipment.  radio silence is not what we deserve.
uh... are you reading the same thing as me? let's take a step back...  shipping update 1: "shipping the week of feb 16th." - we are still in the week of feb 16th. shipping update 2: "18th shipping begins" - it's the 19th. tracking information can take a little while to actually come through. you should assume shipping has started and there hasn't been anything said to suggest otherwise. let's look at some tweets. @nextbitsys i've yet received my tracking info as an early bird kickstarter @kelvinyung12 you should receive it soon! if you haven't by tomorrow reach out to us at hi@nextbit.com now let's look at their recent comment here in a different light. "hey rebels! indeed the phones (and more info on your deliveries!) are coming soon." ... they mean your tracking info should come soon. now please don't fill this comment section with negative comments just because of a little impatience. they're not f$%*ing you over. chill.
@kv as am i. i feel like they expect everyone to just transfer immediately to the forums for info, even though we gave been using ks to communicate for months. i wish they would update about delivery so we know when to expect the phone. especially considering all the weird stuff going on with cancelled shipments.
truly disappointed with nextbit for keeping us in the dark.
be respectable. no need to slander because of your personal disappointments. if you want a specific answer, apart from their updates, you should personally message them. granted they should give an official update, but if they don't have an update at this moment, would saying that actually appease your frustration? no. because there will be another thing to complain about. and it's fine to voice your opinions, but don't be a jerk about it.
i'm 100% with andrew and minh tran. we are the ones that made their success possible, yet we have not gotten one clear answer on anything involving shipping. it's frustrating as i put off buying a good ol' reliable iphone to back this project. i really thought nextbit would respect us backers far more than they have. let's just hope the phone isn't too disappointing.
please all of ass kissers, stay away and play elsewhere. many realistic members are here and want to get what they paid for. i agree with minh tran.. i didn't like the delaying after delaying ... the contradict tone of nextbit is implausible. i contacted them and tweeted my request. they confirmed that the phone was shipped yesterday, but now they are talking about coming soon. @nextbit why don't you be transparent and speak clearly now???  how are you building your reputation that way?
@jordan dude ... do you see the effect of my negative comment? lol nextbit started giving us more info that the phone is "coming soon" ... you can understand that words however you want it. can be tomorrow, next week or might be soon. backers are crying not that they haven't received their phones but how rude nextbit treated us. instead of being silent, just give real update on the shipment, whether it's being delay because of chinese export regulation or whatever the fuck it's.
after saying today or tomorrow on yesterday twitter reply, now you only give an update said the info is coming soon. it still not an exact time or date, i felt really disappointed to the way you treat the backers.
hey rebels! indeed the phones (and more info on your deliveries!) are coming soon. thanks for your patience as we #shipit. in more breaking news... we've finally moved to the official nextbit community: nextbit.com/community. we look forward to chilling with y'all over there.
there is no chill on ks comment section today. haha
@minh dude... calm down. the phone is coming. they said they've begun shipping. why are you being crazy negative?
any non-kickstarter backers that are interested in buying my robin let me know. cdma version, midnight colorway, comes with the quick charger, i will sell for a reasonable price, obviously it doesn't arrive until sometime in april. this is nothing against the nextbit but i just can't wait anymore, my moto x is trashed, bought a nexus 6p that i am getting today. i will post this in the community forum as well.
guys, after the new update from nextbit on kickstarter without mentioning the shipping date for early adopter, i think nextbit has no respect for their backers. i already gave up on my anxiety getting my hands on the device. now it's just whatever it can come when it comes. i don't give a fuck about it anymore
@phillip. i now have 4 listings. 2 cancelled and 1 label created from yesterday. the 4th one is a label created from this morning. i'm not sure what's going on. this is exactly why companies wait til the package is picked up by the courier before sending emails with tracking info. things can get a little screwy.
@philip, they said on twitter that more are being sent out today too. they've been asked directly (several times) whether or not we will be receiving tracking numbers, but they haven't replied to any message asking about this :/
@shane  i don't know what is going on but they have created three labels so far.  the first one was cancelled.  then a second one with a delivery date of monday.  now a third one with a delivery date of tuesday.  no movement on any of them just stuck at the "initiated" stage which i guess means a shipping label was printed but that's it.
android authority posted a very favorable review calling the robin, "every thing the nexus 5x should have been, and everything the oneplus 2 should have been." however they do mention wanting deeper access to the cloud storage, which to me makes sense. i hope nextbit looks at the aa review for inspiration on future software features regarding the cloud.
nope no tracking number here.  canada.  first 1000 gsm.  mint color.
anyone got a tracking number from nextbit?
worst camera? :(
how long until robin gets here? i have received no tracking number. i really want robin to get here in the next couple of days, i am worried we will be waiting for over a week.
@phillip my most recent label hasn't been cancelled yet, but hasn't had any movement since the label was created. i've been keeping an eye on mine.
robins on xda!
so just when i thought i'd be receiving it by monday that shipping label has now been canceled as well and the new shipping date means it will arrive while i'm away.
kudos to nextbit on delivering a high-quality product (almost every reviewer has acknowledged this). campaign goals / statements that are yet to come (fully) true are: "robin is engineered for long battery life, and it’s designed to get you through a full day on a single charge." "our optical partners have world-class expertise tuning smartphone cameras, and they’re bringing it to robin to produce the best possible images from our hardware." and, lastly: "...you’ll be able to shoot like a pro in raw"
@vaujour i haven't received mine but i am sure it'll arrive tomorrow. i'm not too worried about when i get the phone. i know it's coming.
is there some canadian backers that haven't received the tracking number as well?
http://www.engadget.com/2016/02/18/nextbit-robin-review .....battery life problem ??
@nextbit what are your plans on the camera quality & performance?
unfortunately, every review claims that the camera and battery life are terrible.
nextbit robin review: a smarter alternative to the smartphone http://pocketnow.com/2016/02/18/nextbit-robin-review
@robert @andrew  the fedex and ups apps show packages automatically as soon as they are in the system (based on the ship to address) if you have an account.
@andrew ups has something similar. they both search for shipments under your name and address rather than tracking number so you get notified often times before the shipper gives you the tracking number.
hot off the forums from nextbit 4hrs ago: "we've already started the shipment process! credit cards are being charged and the units are ready to go. patience young padawan, your robin will be there soon enough" and... "when robin ships you'll receive your tracking information. units will be shipping from china and will take approximately a week to be delivered".
actually ingram micro is a distributor, big one...
what is that fedex smart delivery? how could you get a shipping notice on your app without an email from the company?
@phillip i just checked my fedex smart delivery. i have 2 cancelled and one shipping label created as well. delivery for monday as well. i googled the company's name (ingram micro) they're def a tech vendor of some sort. maybe a packaging company.
i'll bite @ philip, how did you find the shipping label in your fedex account?  am i missing something?  i keep getting asked for the tracking number.
@stefan  i didn't receive an email but i see now another shipping label was created.  it shows monday as the projected delivery date.
@philip were you signed up with the same email as kickstarter? :o
i just had a tracking number show up in my fedex app showing a origin of china but it says cancelled by sender.  i can only assume this is (or was) for the robin as i have no other shipments pending.
@shane mobbs, well yeah, its the "washed out" claim that has me worried. i in the past had a nexus 4 which i found very washed out. the new nexus 5x also very washed out. as someone used to using amoleds, i can't stand it. my guess is that those reviewers likely never even noticed the option to turn up saturation (which i am glad nexbit included, even if it harms color accuracy).
i kinda agree with some of you guys. sure, it is nice that a lot of info is given on twitter and on the forum. but every single backer is not going to ply through all these mediums. it would be nice at least with something like "you will receive tracking info through an email in a day or two" in the update.
for everyone looking for shipping info who don't you use the new forum? you know the one they made for us?
i'm so concerned with the reviews on the camera. as a photographer, the camera is super important and it seems it's subpar. however, at this point anything is better than my iphone 4.
@daniel you have to remember that these are phone reviewers that are used to reviewing 2k amoled displays on the regular. of course those phones cost 250-450 more. most say that it's fine to good. i wouldn't expect more out of a phone at this pricepoint. i did see a few that mentioned it being a little washed out though. i'm not even sure that most reviewers even checked to see if they could up the saturation.
a few of the reviews are saying the screen is mediocre with low saturation. i wonder if they used the option to turn up the saturation or not. if this is true, that's a dealbreaker, as the screen is the most important aspect of the hardware to me.
some of the reviews seem to contradict each other, so it isn't clear if the audio / image quality are actually less than great. :-)
http://www.cnet.com/products/nextbit-robin/ cnet review.
@andrew man, you've got to calm down.
key takeaways from early reviews: good-to-great: design, display, smart storage, quick charging, quality of materials average: speakers / audio output / tuning, battery, wifi / lte performance bad: camera performance / image quality let us hope the camera / audio can be improved with software updates. :fingers crossed:
after watching most of the youtube video reviews i'm even more excited for this phone.  seems like the only real gripe is the camera software experience.  being an original backer for the cdma variant, my extra waiting time now won't feel so bad as software updates/fixes should be available near or around the time i receive my robin. patients is a virtue... something us verizon customers are always forced to remember.
@nextbit why you keep ignoring to answer many questions about the shipping? you promised to ship today. why didn't you include any info about this very important topic in your latest update?  we must now have the damn tracking number. you just totally ignored that you have a very important commitment that you must achieve by now! that is so ridiculous and disappointed indeed!.
joshua vergara from android authority article takeaway: there's no fast charging, only faster charging? can you confirm? and not a full day's use with about 3 hours sot? also, hdr takes 4-5 seconds to process? anyone who gets this phone, could you please confirm when you guys get it?
scott croyle says the electric build will be this weekend, exact shipping date still unknown. https://twitter.com/scroyle/status/700319018368929792
quote from their twitter feed: "you will be sent a tracking number today or tomorrow"
their twitter feed is getting replies every 10mins at the moment.... please update us here on shipping!
well now...honestly...this is getting ridiculous: it's 18th, reviews are up and we're not getting any info about the shipping. in my opinion was already wrong to wait for the last day to give some info like timing, service used etc. because i am sure (or hope anyway) that nextbit has already planned and organized this...but arrive to this moment and do not have any update yet is disappointing.
lol camera takes 1 to 2 seconds to take a pic while hdr doubles that -_-
good review here: http://www.theverge.com/2016/2/18/11036254/nextbit-robin-phone-review-kickstarter-smartphone camera seems to be the only major criticism.
http://www.engadget.com/2016/02/18/nextbit-robin-review/ i hope software updates can improve the camera and battery life. i was really afraid that the battery was going to be substandard.
anyone got any tracking data yet?
i'm wicket in the community!
a bunch of robin reviews just launched! seems like cloud storage works great, display is good, battery is average, performance is great, and camera lacks in its software and needs updates that nextbit has promised to launch soon but has perfectly capable hardware.
click reply to a post and then it will take you to a new screen that says sign in or register
@shane mobbs - i thinks there's no need to sign up. this page  does not seem to be for any backer activities. more statistics, but interesting in any case.
how do we get our special kickstarter badge for the forum?
someone got any tracking data yet? i didn't get anything too.
the website has been updated with a community page! it's not live to sign up for yet though!
we may not get any tracking info til our devices reach country of delivery. that's happened with past deliveries coming from china to the us for me.
strange. its allready 8pm china standard time. so i thought it must have been processed by now. :-/
we probably won't get any tracking info until business hours pacific time.
someone got any tracking data yet? i didn't get anything yet :-(
they're on their way! https://twitter.com/scroyle/status/700112613091340289
this early adopter electric backer is waiting - please don't ship usps
only the first 1000 gsm from what i gather.
@michael the phones shipping tomorrow are, gsm early backers who chose either mint or midnight colors, who don't live in the benelux area or india.
the phones shipping tomorrow are only the first 1000 or does it include those who ordered through the second round "kickstarter special"?
@giacomo i love pocketnow. i've been reading/watching for years and i really respect their opinions. i don't always agree with them, but they are always well informed and (mostly) unbiased reviews.
anyone know that when will they send out robin on 18 february, in china time or need to wait until 18 february 7 p.m in usa which they start to sell it online
personally i prefer android central and vids by erica griffin. i'm not a fan of mkbhd at all!
i like aa for articles and mkbhd for videos
which one is best, mkbhd, pocketnow, android authority, or technobuffalo?
lmao i feel for mkbhd he has some of best reviews on youtube. @nextbit please help my boy
hahaha yes, i like mkbhd but i have found his robin shipping experience to be comical. although probably unfortunate for nextbit marketing... i'm surprised they didn't just overnight him a new one by now.
i might actually get the nextbit robin before mkbhd :p
hey people !!! watch this awesome unboxing of the......... robin !!!! (i'm pretty shure that its the final box!) i can't wait more... really. https://www.youtube.com/watch… i'm only a bit upset 'cause the press is receiving the robins before us, the backers. this is not fair ;(
@amir  i'm going to guess that what you picked as part of your base pledge will determine when your items are shipped.  since you haven't been charged for the additional items added through backerkit then it's most likely that everything will be sent as one order.  so your mint phone will arrive with your electric one, even though the mint phones start shipping to most other people tomorrow.
@nextbit quick question around the backerkit. as a backer i ordered an electric, and through backerkit order a mint for my girlfriends + a number of accessories for both phones. i was wondering if there will be one shipment for the entire order or separate ones? also i have not been charged for my accessories or the second phone. thank you and keep up the great work and momentum!
@tracee 3rd party back ups are handled independently of nextbit's cloud back ups. for example google photos will back up your photos in the same way as any other android phone.
@jordan as per nextbit's latest comment: midnight and mint will ship the 18th to early backers, except for backers in india and benelux
@jordan scroll down a dozen posts for the post from nextbit. shipping the 18th. electric after that. original update said shipping "the week of feb 16th" which is this week. what's not transparent about that?
part 1: https://youtu.be/kffld8sz0tk part 2: https://youtu.be/ny0oicwbtgi
i thought the phones were being shipped on the 16th. please provide an update that actually addresses shipping and delivery dates. the delays and lack of transparency are extremely disappointing.
@nextbit question on how photo backup synergises with other photo backup apps (e.g. google photos, dropbox). it was mentioned that sometimes only a down-sampled version of photos will exist on the phone. my (probably dumb) question then is, does this mean that other photo backup apps will only be able to backup the the down-sampled version if it's the only version that happens to be on the device?
https://youtu.be/u7jakj7svio partial review
good point kaspar! looking forward to my shipping notification email...
it is the feb. 18th now in china! few hours until shipping! #shipit :-)
@nextbit, with your next update, could you give us cdma backers any more information?
@daniel https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3w3m5h/usb_typec_quick_charging_compliance_questions/
i saw a feature called quickboot. i think that would be great if robin can introduce this feature. http://forum.xda-developers.com/android/software/universal-quickboot-cyanogenmod-12-0-12-t3082041
@nextbit: it's hard to digest that everyone (apart from backers) are getting robin's after 18th and indian backers aren't getting it due to some regulatory issues...it's really disappointing! to hear this at the very last moment. please provide a positive update on shipments to india.
@nextbit ,please shed some light on the issue with shipping to  indian backers ? has is anything to do with sar value ?
any updates on the status of shipments to india?
has anyone here already received your unit?
what shipping method will be used for the us?  thanks!
thanks for the responses @nextbit, i was getting worried. i'm so excited!
as you many of you know, electric came a little later (with the color contest) and it took a little longer to get the color just right. rest assured that electric is coming along just fine and will be shipping not too long after. we'll certainly keep the community in the loop.
anyone going to try vr with their robin? i haven't experimented with it yet and am wondering if i should pickup google cardboard or something like that.
what is the explanation for the electric color not shipping with the other two colors and exactly when will it ship.
yah 10 days before everyone else woohoo
@nextbit awesome! thanks for the update.
wooo!
thanks for hanging in there with us, rebels! we're making moves in china—getting mint and midnight ready to go out the door on february 18th to early backers!! many of you tuned into our "flash party" the other week for reviewer units, and we're looking forward to what the press has to say about robin! we've certainly been busy but we haven't forgotten about our awesome community of rebels. you can expect some updates from us later this week with more exciting news for the entire community. #shipit
i personally gotta feeling that they wud start shipping to early backers on 18th and rest of them in last week feb. nobody told this - but it's my guess!!
remember it is still only 3pm in sf, so they could still be working on it, or maybe they are attempting to get updates from china as well.
now i'm annoyed. next bit posted on their instagram about their ridiculous reviewer special box three hours ago, yet the backers get no update.....
nextbit clearly answered many questions about shipping date on their official channels on facebook and twitter that shipping will start on february,16th. so please, let's stop offering such silly excuses to them. they have a clear responsibility to send an update to the customers today. being silent today is not good for the company image at all. this might hurt their reputation as well.
@all backers from january 6th - update #21. this a direct quote. "we will ship gsm models to early adopters the week of february 16"
the thing is, for those in the benelux, we have no idea exactly how long it'll take... couple of days? weeks? months even? not even a clue...
says shipping week of february 16th not shipping february 16th.
waiting for shipping update :(
no one is reppnding for the last 2 days on my shipping address issue.. hope to hear from you before you send the robins out
french canadian keyboards replace all the 1's with 2's?
that's what i wrote. the week of feb 26.
does the robin have quickcharge 2.0 or 3.0? i'm just deciding if it's worth getting these cables mentioned in this android police post: http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/02/16/deal-alert-buy-tronsmart-usb-type-c-cables-car-charger-and-wall-charger-with-quick-charge-3-0-for-up-to-11-off-using-these-coupon-codes/
@alin at me too. i don't understand why however, there's nowhere marked on the phone that it's a "robin". change the box and call it nextbit, problem solved. i ordered a phone  and i really want to have it, i don't care about the name :)
hy guys.nextbit has officially confirmed by mail that devices in the benelux will not be delivered untill the resolution of the trademark issue....apparently they are working on it and we will update on the situation... :/
an update would be reaaaaaaaal nice. i know nextbit is probably up to their neck in work, but i'm so anxious and slightly worried...
@rhiney. nope. says week of feb 16.
@rhiny which update?
there are quite a few of us canadians waiting for the robin. ppl think all the phones ship today but if u read the update it states "will ship the week of feb 26". i was the third person to back the robin. i'm expecting to recieve a shipping email mokst likely early next week
what chris said. i live and canada and shipping includes any custom duties. it would be worse to ship to usa then "claim" it coming across the border or having to pay a extra shipping cost to have mailed to you from states.
@whitecat whatever address you used when pledging is what they will use, the shipping cost at that point included all applicable taxes as i understand it.
shipping question: i am living in canada. can they ship to canada? do i have to pay extra for shipping fees in import fees, or is that all included already? i have a post box in usa also so i can use that to avoid extra charges. i just get my phone a little later than expected.
@venkatesh ty. i have to until the end of the month for the electric, anyways.
just so everyone knows that article that says the shipping date is delayed also says that the phone isn't shipping with marshmallow. i think they aren't creditable. i also think that they mean shipping from online store 18th which has nothing to do with backers. i think they are confused. thinking that they heard 16th for backers but then heard 18th which is everyone else.
an update of some kind would be nice.
you guys yesterday was a federal holiday in the us. i'm sure we'll get an update today
relax. it's only 7am in sfo.
yes mark. the will provide us d tracking
@nextbit shipping must start by now.  i don't know why are you still silent? you should've send the shipping update yesterday. i hope we can hear the good news in the next few hours.
@venkatesh that is when the store opens, i don't think it has anything to do with the ks shipping. wouldn't @nextbit have updated us before the supposed shiping date if it were to be delayed further?
my question is how will it be shipped? and is there tracking?
the latest cloud storage-based smartphone by tech startup nextbit, which is called robin, will finally go on sale three days from now, mobipicker reports. it can be purchased on the company's online store and it will be shipped worldwide.
nope. the launch date is delayed to 18th feb
are no news, good news??? ;-)  hopefully there will be an update soon
fingers crossed for a shipping ks update today!
is shipping day finally here? i can't wait!
it's time! set my robin free!
@all interested backers fyi - 3 new colors added purple and pink matte and pink carbon fiber. plus 25% off today only https://dbrand.com/shop/nextbit-robin/
let the shipping begin! nextbit should roll out an update later in the day, as it's really early morning for them at the moment.
forum to go live only from 18th feb
nextbit....provide some update plz.....everyone is eager to know the status....also are you launching the forum today as promised or there is delay in that?
anyone find out what the sar values are for the robin?
do we get tracking info?
@angel ya possibly, like i said mine was all a guess but seems to like china is what is happening, also, it looks like the sf bay people have been getting emails saying pick up is no longer valid option and they will be shipped like the others, which sounds more like china too... maybe they assumed they would have left over review units to disperse to the sf people but it didnt pan out that way? guess we will have to wait to see if they respond.
@chris frank, i think at least some orders are shipping from san francisco. i got an email offering me the possibility of picking it up at their offices instead of having it shipped. unfortunately i live 2 hours away.
andrew...you are so right. i know nextbit, marketing is imoprtant now an to win other customers. but it is also important to give us customers exact imformation about the shipping date (also electric)!!! just to say" just a little late" is not enough! thats also important like marketin to informing your customes! your are a startup i know...but you all know how to do business, so you should also know how important it is to informing customers! please give us an update! thx a lot!
nextbit should send a shipping update today. many feel confused!
@shane good point, i am not sure, perhaps those parts ship separately from the phone?  if they were to ship today/tomorrow from sf, that means they would have already had them all there though, which means the "china delay" would not have been a problem.  i think they are shipping from china, but i am not 100% either.
i hope we're still getting the special sim trays! was looking back and they seemed to have removed the images and info on the sim trays? will kickstarter perks be shipped with the phone or later?
@dan i didn't get that e-mail! that's a bummer to hear.
@clifford they actually recently emailed us bay area people to tell us that they couldn't get the robins in house in time for wednesday pick up, and we will get them through shipping like everyone else :(
@chris frank i was kinda assuming they'd ship from the us. how else would we get t-shirts/ mascots at the same time? foxconn doesn't make those.
is there anyway for me to buy a screen protector on 18th and get it shipped at same time as robin? (i'm not early backer) also can they come pre-applied?
@andrew do you have a source for this information? they did lots of the prep work for the review robins (which is what we saw on snapchat), but none of those were ours.  they even reference that the restart of china after the holiday is what we are waiting for...  sounds like all the main manufacturing, assembly and shipping is coming from china... hence the reason we are waiting for the end of the new year.
@alin i agree that the legal stuff should have been earlier in the process. definitly for the name, something that could be chosen freely... either you don't ship to a country or you verify all countries. probably they didn't expect belgium to buy lots of them (they didn't do a "pop-up" here either, although they passed on their way to other countries ) but it sure is a mistake. not happy either but i hope weeks will be 1 or 2 and my electric will be delivered with other electrics.
shipping for us backers is from the usa, not china
@nextbit offered backers located near sf to pick up their robins on wednesday so i would assume they are shipping from sf for us backers. i was told if i didn't pick it up, i would receive it by mail on thursday.
hello fallow backers, i have just received a mail from someone at nextbit telling me that my robin is goung to be a few weeks late. being that i am from the benelux, i can only assume that it's about the trademark  issue ....but a few weeks? seriously? this should have been solved ages ago....the trademark issues, patents, and other legal mambo jambo should have been the first to be solved. and what's with the cryptical mails without explanations or fixed dates ??? does a few weeks mean 2 or 10? @ nexbit please tell us what is going on?  e am among the first to support the project but now it seems that i will get my phone even after the cdma backers... :(
@giacomo that might be a little too  optimistic. it is shipping from china so it might but until the week after the week of the 16th
2 days until shipping! i am hoping to get my robin by the 18th or 19th in the u.s.
shipping date is 16th, but i guess it would take nearly a week to 10 days to reach you. 16th is not the delivery date
@almong, you need to send a mail to nextbit using the messages option (by logging into ur account)
hello, i made a mistake with the shipping address and i can't change it now. please contact me so i ccould change it
is the shipping date for early backers tomorrow (feb,15th)? what are we gonna get in the shipping box?
that would really be a worst case scenario, i don't think that'll be the case. i'm worried though, that it will drag on for weeks and we're still stuck without our robin while everyone else has theirs... we can only hope this issue gets resolved asap!
@lars it's not a lie, is it :) . i just hope that they'll get it organized. and that the robin is a success so they don't stop with it in a few weeks and we get nothing :(
dear fellow rebels or @nextbit  was there any word about the service robin is sent with? ups/dhl? are we supposed to get a tracking email next week? telling from the shipping cost it will be sent express, right? so it should be expected overseas the 18 or 19? thanks in advance for your reply. cheers
don't call us that, rik... :(
@davide not yet. my guess is that one will definitly be sent before the end of the month... unless you"re in the "trouble ahead" countries.
you can know the date of dispatch of the electric ?
and i'm guessing it only went out to larger reviewers, the youtube video reviewer posted below had a standard package
@hl i dunno, it seems to have been a successful stunt. there are unboxing videos being made just because of that box and almost every unboxing i've seen as mentioned the quality of the box. it appears to have been an effective marketing ploy.
@nextbit reason i posted the comment below is because i would hope the margins from my pledge would go towards r+d, mike's all-nighter snacks or even your intern's dog's treat rather than that wooden box marketing stunt.
is there a way we can contact other backers? i hoped we could sent messages but clicking on a profile doesn't give that option.
@robert all backers will get one. anyone outside of the campaign will not get it.
read the comments in this article, does this mean wall chargers are not included for backers? http://www.androidauthority.com/nextbit-robin-unboxing-673069/
guys, do you know if we get a wall charger?
@joeseph, are you a kickstarter backer? if so you'll get wall charger as a stretch goal freebie... apologies of you mean as an addition to this....
if the robin is half as good as i think it is, i'll be a rebel for life.
is it too late to order a wall charger?
that dbrand thing looks nice, lots of costumization! i hope we'll get some news regarding us backers in the benelux soon though..
@meek she's my favorite android reviewer.
most through unboxing and short review so far. thanks erica https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@casualt mine was deducted from my account yesterday.
anyone else have their money charged for their accessories? i did! yay one step closer!
tons of unblocking going live today!
the smartphone that never runs out of space http://m.in.techradar.com/reviews/phones/mobile-phones/nextbit-robin/articleshow/50964932.cms
@cetorelli no, the big wooden packaging is exclusive to the reviewers
will the packaging shown in many reviews be the same as ours?
i was checking out the dbrand skins. i couldn't really find a combo i liked. the problem is with the top and bottom caps. the round speakers can't be covered of course, so the original phone color shows through. it may be fine on midnight, but the mint looks kinda odd. don't get me wrong though, i'm glad to see some 3rd party support already!!!
nextbit robin: first impressions  http://www.slashgear.com/nextbit-robin-a-modest-proposal-and-our-3-first-impressions-12426652/
@rik dbrand is just skins, looks like they can either do one big piece if u want the phone to look uniform or 3 section pieces if you want it to be multicolored, but skins are just stickers essentially that cover the phone to change the look.  they ship them to you and you peal them off and apply them to phone yourself.
@nextbit did the reviewers have to pay for their devices?
jordan, i mean  the dbrand thing.
@rik the stand? nah dude it prints in 1 piece, on its side. it just builds support which you break off at the end. i could split it into pieces for a really smooth print but you'd get seams and/or it would sacrifice the strength of it.
just received a mail that they don't know yet. i really didn't expect this but we'll wait for a week to see what's going on. @jordan collins : how does this work? it create a kit of 3 pieces apparently, the process looks like it's going to be made in 3 pieces. i guess they do assemble? :-)
@nextbit @all how long will it take till you can ship the phone to the benelux??
i am so ready for the robin! can't wait to soon finally have one in my hands :d
it's so crazy how depending on the light sometimes mint looks light blue and other times looks green in videos.
woohoo! https://dbrand.com/shop/nextbit-robin/
https://youtu.be/n0rrc_-e14w they hv sent review units fr unboxing....hope to get reviews frm experts soon
fun unboxing video here: http://www.androidcentral.com/nextbit-robin-unboxing
which company will nextbit use to delivery robin?
david, we know what was the issue but i think that trademarks in belgium are handled by the "patentbureau". translation is not always easy. they should have checked at least  www.robin.[countrycode] imo.  anyway, we'll see. i'm not ready to wait another until the end of march, that's just to much.
@rik and others: this isn't a patent issue which would be seriously troubling. this is a trademark issue which can be resolved loads of simple ways, either through a name change or paying the trademark holder for name use. it's also much easier to defend trademark issues, since your product has to be able to present some level of confusion to the customer. unless the holder is offering some sort of technological device that is similar to a smartphone, i doubt this will go too far. i definitely wouldn't blame nextbit for not checking trademarks in every country where it will. that's a near impossible task. we'll all be getting out phones soon!!!
@giacomo same here mate..moto x battery life is pathetic now..she served me for more than. 2 yrs though.  i would like to know if i can change the shipping location to us . my brother i law can bring it ..
@shane probably. patents however should always be one of the first things to check. if i would have known in october i think i wouldn't have waited and bought 2 oneplus's.
@rik b i'm sure when they came up with the name robin the team was too small to check on every country's patents. i'm hoping for you guys they come up with a solution soon though.
there's an idea, rik, just drop the name robin in the benelux, we'll all still call it that, but it won't be officially known by that name here.
and it seems to be a startup error. they've had the possibility to choose the name, they should have verified before in every country that it was available.  or they should just call it nextbit in our countries, who cares for a name.  i promised my wife a new phone in october as she can't use any of the modern apps (she has a samsung with 200mb memory) and she is getting angry at me for my decision.
@rik indeed, it does certainly seem like a serious issue. i also have no idea how they would be able to solve it considering there are some companies out there  with the exact same name (robin).  so yeah, i'm not going to quit now, but i'm just really worried this will drag out for quite some time, if it gets solved at all... but then again, i have no experience with these kinds of issues, so we'll just have to wait and see.  hopefully nextbit keeps us updated regularly and finds a solution quickly.
i far as i can tell only the people who received emails and are shipping to the aforementioned countries are getting the shipping delay. everyone else should be on the previous schedule of early bird backers shipping feb 16 and others a bit later in feb. everyone just wait it out, your robins are coming!!!! (eventually)
@"ste ven" zou wel eens kunnen. ik zie die firma echter niet in belgië, waarschijnlijk hebben ze een benelux-patent genomen. lijkt me een redelijk issue, stilaan zin om te annuleren.
i don't see why these would affect us backers, we should be fine, everyone calm down. that would also be the reason none of us received any emails
please nextbit,  clarify firm shipping dates for early backers & backers. i feel so confused now by your lastest post!.
hold up, are early backers still scheduled to have their phone shipped on february 16? because my moto x first gen is no longer able to be away from a charger for more than an hour or two, and i would hate to have to wait another two weeks for my robin...
interesting to think that if all phones are delayed due to patent then in fact we would be getting our phones all at the same time regardless of being early backers. not sure if i'm "happy" about that. i do however like the $100 bucks off i got. to be frank i wouldn't have backed this phone @ $399. i don't care for the cloud feature at the time this phone had good specs and it still does for $299 not $399. ah well hope it catches on and someone can develop miui for it and some nice custom roms. thanks community.
hallo nederlandse aapjes. wat denken jullie van www.robin.nl en www.robinmobile.nl, daarom dus...
@nextbit do these outcomes have any effects on your shipping schedule to the backers in the us?
is the robin going to come already "certified" for t-mobile band 12 usage?  i'm sure it has the hardware capabilities, but a phone has to get some kind of software integration using volte, 911, etc., to actually be able to access their band 12, which is pretty important if you are on t-mobile.  does anyone know?  this may have been asked before, sorry if repeat.
man, this feels like a punch in the gut. it does seem like a rather serious issue considering the phone's name is robin... any idea of an eta? i've been counting down the days since january...
nextbit charged me for my extras!!! yay!!! one step closer.
tranquilo rebels. here’s a little more information to clear things up. we experienced a delay getting regulatory approval in india due to chinese new year. we are confident we will be able to resolve this once everyone returns to work. separately, we have some ongoing trademark issue with use of the name "robin" in the benelux region. we are actively working to find a solution. but for the time being, we need to delay shipment in order to not anger the gods and the courts.
i've received the same email (i'm in the netherlands as well). hope to receive some more clarification from nextbit..?
i did order a midnight and an electric, maybe i'll get the mail in 2 weeks?
i'm also from belgium, didn't receive any mail. would be strange anyway, we're one of the easiest countries for mobile phones i think.
@william lopez thanks , hope we are not waiting too long
@darren anslow yes, i ordered midnight.
not been charged yet (uk) but then again  waiting for electric , im assuming people charged are for mint or midnight ??
@nextbit till now all of us were eagerly waiting for our robin with a lot of hope..but now, everyrhing is in uncertainity.. please clarify on this late delay for india, nederlands and belgium...it is too annoying..we need to know how long we will have to wait...!!
+1 charged to card in uk for accessories. chinese ny finishes sat 13th from what i gather.
i'm from the netherlands and received the same email, how is not possible to sell robin legally in nl, belgium and india? nl and belgium i can see, as they are within the eu, but india? how is that also a problem?
even i got the mail, my cc was charged in dec. whats cooking nextbit????
@lars i'm also from belgium and also received this mail. breaking the law? so strange this...
guess the charge on my cc means it's all happening!!!!
got charged too! hopefully receive sooner than later.
charged here too..! (uk) not long now!
even i received the same mail....i base from india!! whatz going on nextbit....dont create thus chaos last minute!!
good news! nextbit just charged my credit card for my accessories. i guess they're getting ready to ship the phones.
so i just received an email from palwasha khatri: the man is trying to to hold us down. we’re running a little behind shipping robin to you because there are a few unexpected things we need to do to sell robin legally in your country. and even though we’re rebels, we want to be around to support you, so we’re not going to go breaking the law. we’re working hard to get robin to you as soon as possible. so hang tight. we think it will only be a few weeks more. we’ll update you as soon as we know more. i'm from belgium btw. noes, what's going on...?
@andrew well said!
@jordan collins thanks for the contributions you are making to the nextbit kickstarter community! i will definitely try printing it if i get access to a 3d printer.
only 7 more days till nextbit ships early adopter's phone. i have to wait till end of month but excited for you guys and nextbit for almost getting to the finish line, what a marathon it has been
guys i've added some more images to this album: http://imgur.com/a/gj5gu i picked up my 3d print for the stand tonight and i'm pretty impressed by it considering it is 1 piece, just needs some sanding in areas that required support. my one m9 is currently chilling on it. i'll post the model on thingiverse and shapeways once i test it with the robin. (i printed it in black but a white print will be ideal for painting it afterwards) also added a pic of my midnight edition docks which i'm figuring out how to get made.
@praveen you're right. idea doesn't always translate to success, no matter how good the idea is. if the market isn't ready for this phone, then the sales will be hard to increase. i totally agree with you. that's why i think they went the kickstarter route to generate "market feedback." it's a promising tech, which will have a lot of bumps along the way. and that's what i mean about being patient along this ever-changing project. yes, we are purchasers; therefore, have a certain level of expectation when it comes to delivery. hopefully, nextbit does right by the community, which is behind them all the way. and if we're looking at their track record, i'm not worried, then.
@andrew, i see it as support but also as something i bought. i order 2 early adaptors and 3 or 4 cases and 2 screen protectors. to much to only give them a hand ;) .
@andrew - exactly!
@abe chung - it isn't a problem for me. this project and nextbit's design direction / vision are interesting enough for me. but a lot of things need to happen for them to sell in good numbers. most of the market goes by the spec sheet / reviews / brand and prices have gone down a lot for similar spec'd phones. the lenovo vibe 3, for example, is highly recommended by most reviewers / users. nextbit is ahead of the curve with their storage management / offload-to-cloud capabilities but it comes down to market readiness / value perception.
anyone know that robin only support english?
@abe chung well said and to add to that if you think about .  we all paid money to wait for 6mths for something unique, so waiting till the end of february ie. 2wks should be a piece of cake.
how about before complaining you take into account when they announced the new color way to when the campaign first started. then take that amount of days and add it to the time the mint and midnight ship. thats when the delivery date is acceptable.
well said @abe!
it's a kickstarter project. i supported it out of a spirit of adventure, fun and to be part of an experiment. not so much to "buy" a phone per se. i thought that's the philosophy of kickstarter? to take a bet on a new idea? and therefore, to expect constant changes.
@rik brouwers i know, i mentioned the additional days. and yes, following a schedule is necessary. however, unlike a traditional business, projects usually have setbacks. it's going to be up to nextbit to figure out, how to handle the setbacks in a professional way. @praveen. you're right in that because the phone market is so highly transient and saturated, even a month delay could offset market opportunity for nextbit. which is one of the downsides of starting on kickstarter. however, i would argue that the phone is still competitive agains similarly specc'd phones. also, everyone seems to forget cloud storage was their main concern, not spec wars. if all you wanted was an expandable storage, there are plenty of other phones doing what you want. in any case, look at your lenovo vibe. old fingerprint sensor used, gorilla glass 3 screen, lolipop out of the box. there are trade-offs for budget friendly phones. not to mention we don't know how the phone is optimized. because they purely go by specs, it's no wonder they have to marginally price these phones because all they're doing is providing comparable specs with sufficient software. i argue that nextbit is gearing up for something special in their phone..not just the status quo. in any case, i understand the majority of sentiments expressing disappointment, but i encourage people to understand nextbit and keep the level of accountability civil and respectable. :)
@christopher wong  the cdma version (verizon/sprint) is delayed a couple of months. i think april is what was said. don't quote me though.
the delay is certainly acceptable. however, the delay also means that more phones are coming out with similar or better specs at a lower price than nextbit. phones with the same cpu / ram configuration, but with added features such as expandable memory, fm radio, usb on-the-go, ir blaster, better displays and bigger battery are currently available at lower prices, from companies such as lenovo / xiaomi. this could mean that nextbit will find it difficult to sell this phone at msrp. e.g. lenovo vibe x3 (300 usd in india) - http://www.gsmarena.com/lenovo_vibe_x3_hands_on-review-1372p4.php
does anybody know what are the width, height, and depth of the phone holder that nextbit did for us (update 18 i think)?
i don't think the delay is unacceptable or anything, but i do think they should allow people who chose electric to switch to another color.
@abe again, it's 13 extra days on top of the 16 extra days. and it isn't here yet...  we'll see in a few weeks. and indeed it isn't a store, then i would have expected it 4 months ago... i make a lot of time schedules for my clients so i know it's difficult but that's part of having a business.
this is ridiculous, we have to wait nearly two weeks just for a damn color scheme? it's the kickstarter exclusive and not even the early backers will get it early. i haven't complained at all after the numerous delays but this is just unacceptable.
@rik brouwers yes, their original date was set for end of february. there is a time for recourse and accountability, and there is a time to be patient. griping about 13 days, is not one of those times. even a month off is still relatively moderate. while disappointing, as you mentioned, delays should be expected. remember, this isn't a retail store where you purchase something, already in stock, and expect it to be shipped. this is a growing and changing kickstarter project, which continues to shape and form the final product. hope for the best, prepare for the worst. :)
@abe but mid february already was a delay also. i'm not making a big deal out of it but to be honest it's a disappointment.
@tracee de jesus latest update confirms that they are still on track to ship the electric gsm models by the end of february. half a month is still considered a little late. i'm not sure how you determine the severity of delay, but 13 days seems pretty manageable to me.
any updates on the verizon variant?
@dennis here you go: http://imgur.com/owpkw1q port and mic open and there should be enough room for your cases to fit in too.
@casualt is that official info? that would mean electric isn't just "slightly delayed".
@all electric will start shipping by the end of february
@court mejias, can you please clarify by how much time are the electric phones are delayed by? thanks in advance.
@dennis the charging port area is left open on the stand (i'll take another shot when i get home). i based it off of the model that nextbit put out so the dimensions are all accurate. i should get my print towards the end of the week to absolutely make sure it's all good and then i'll put the model up on thingiverse for y'all.
@court mejias - thanks for the info, appreciated.
i have to be honest, i'm disappointed too. only because i was counting the days... i have ordered 2 (1 grey, 1 electric). will they be sent together with all the accessories or will the grey one be earlier?
@steve. early adopters are the 1000 early bird backer spots. out of those first 1000, mint and midnight will ship on schedule as for electric it is delayed. once the 1000 early bird backers are shipped out (all 3 colors) the other gsm backers will start to get theirs.
yeah, i definitely may have chosen mint vs electric (re: delay); but still it is an exclusive colorway...so, maybe i would have stuck with electric for that reason.  a point to remember. stay strong cdma backer's...hardware, and/or certification by good ol' verizon and sprint likely partially/totally an issue.  you should remember very few cell phone builders offer unlocked (and bloatware free) cdma versions of their phones.  nextbit is a pioneer here.  i predict the cdma version of robin will be immensely popular once available to the masses. git'r'dun nextbit!
@ jordan collins re: stand: unless i am missing something on the images, your stand is missing where the charging port is.  i see a slight indentation on the bottom left, but not enough for where i "think" the port is.  the middle back of the bottom tray should be solid with a gap for the connector at the bottom left.  i don't see enough space there to allow the connector to "hang" down.
@ noor. everyone here realizes that delays occur and can usually accept it, albeit with disappointment or even outrage, but it is the lack of communication on the topic that is the sticking point for many, especially considering how close to the ship date it is.
@night1505 this
lol unreasonable delays. electric gsm backer here and i'm okay with the delay. longer the wait, sweeter the taste.
haha - i find it funny reading some of the comments. some people can be really shallow and selfish. give nextbit a break - they're doing a fantastic job. "i want an update" *gets update* "why are there delays?" seems like quite a lot of people forget about how kickstarter works. if you wanted something straight away visit your local store. otherwise stop moaning. they've been transparent and some aspects are beyond control. just because the phone is "slightly" late does not mean you won't be receiving it in the coming weeks. #firstworldproblems
for what it's worth i ordered electric and i don't mind waiting at all, as long as it means i'll get a quality product.
copying my post from the comments in the update: guys, c'mon. please note that the only things being seriously delayed are those things that were added after the campaign started. remember that nextbit did a lot of work on their end before the kickstarter even existed. give them some credit for getting the things they originally promised out timely. they are doing a kick ass job! i am an electric cdma backer by the way... i have to wait longer than all of you.
it is sad update. i won't be able to receive my robin (by the way it is electric) until my birthday ;( i was sure that until 28th of february my phone will be with me. it was my birthday present to myself, i promised myself to celebrate my birthdays in a way that i won't forget and my first smartphone was a way to start..... i know i was being optimistic..comon it would take 2-3 weeks to reach lithuania so even if they send it out on time it would not make it... still one can dream ;( ... @nextbit i know it is difficult to predict shipping days, i do understand, however don't leave us hangging for too long. my best guess "early adoppters" not from u.s will receive their phones around easter holidays. :(
would like to know how long the delay for electric will actually be ?? also any particular reason ? its been an option for a long time now and we all filled in our backer surveys so not like its been thrown in last minute , disappointed still looking forward to it but clarification as to why would be appreciated please nextbit
disappointed with the delay for the "electric". since, it is an kickstarter only version, i expected it to be produced before the commercial versions.
really disappointed for the unreasonable delay of 'backer's only electric'. you said will launch robin on feb 18 for the public, so pre-order and new customers will get robin before electric?
i would like to know what a little late means as well as there should be no reason why i choose a  different color that should ship later than already expected and if this is the case then why were't we told sooner.
can you please provide a bit more details on electric? the last sentence seems to imply that it will only ship at the end of february. please say that that's not the case as that would bring the total delay to 1 month (from the original end of january 2016 shipment date).
@michael, getting it for $299?
a bit miffed that we learn of the electric delay so late in the game. whats the point of being an early adopter if it arrives same time as all the other gsm backers?
any word on how much delay the early electrics will have?
i got no regrets, time flies so my electric will arrive in no time. #nextnow
slightly confused between 'early adopters' gsm phones, & normal gsm backers re shipping? thanks
happy to change my mind at the last minute and switched from electric to mint.
tough luck for electric, glad i never took to that color scheme.
@jordan collins i'll take you up on that file. i know someone with a printer who might be able to make one for me. thanks :)
드디어  로빈폰 출하일이 다가옵니다 2월16일 택배로 보내주시는 것이 맞지요^~^ 로빈폰이 저의 손에 오는것을 기다리고 있습니다 로빈폰을 위해 몇달을 참았습니다, 곧 택배를 받는 저의 모습을 상상합니다~ 개발자과 모두 고생 많으셨습니다. 언제나 수고하시고 감사합니다�
8 days until shipping, if all goes well. can we have an update?
lars: a higher capacity battery doesnt necessarily have to be larger, but i see your point about the battery not being removable.
@pia sorry i'm not actually manufacturing them, i just found a 3d printing company to print my model for me. i can share my model and you can do the same if you wish, just let me get mine first so i can check it works ok :) the colours won't look like that unless you paint it afterwards btw.
우편을 뒤늦게 보았습니다 대한민국에도 감사 메세지가 적힌 우편 감사합니다ㅎㅎ 정성스런 우편 감사히 잘받았습니다~  글을 지금 올리네요~^●^
no
will we at any point start to be charged to use 100gb of online storage?
@milad ah, i see. still, that would be incredibly hard (if not impossible). you see, a larger battery will obviously take up more space, space which isn't  available. additionally, i don't think the robin's battery is removable, so there's that. one thing you can hope for though, are battery cases. in case you don't know what they are: they're a case with a battery worked into them, so it's like having a spare battery around your phone. who knows, some company might develop one for robin.
lars: i meant buy the battery itself and get it replaced.
@jordan nice stands, man!
@jordan i'd love to have a black one. please let me know how much.
@paul cheers for that website, found a good place. probably going to print this one i made: http://imgur.com/a/gj5gu i can make the 3d object available to anyone that wants it.
@milad how would that be possible? the phone has a 2680mah battery. you can't just go around expecting companies to put in a bigger battery because you asked so, especially when the phone is this close to being shipped. also, mike chan has quite a bit of experience when it comes to battery optimization, so it'll perform optimally at that size. you can, however, pick up a mobile battery pack which you can carry with you to charge your phone wherever you are. they're not that expensive and can have some solid capacity.
would it be possible to buy a higher capacity battery later on?
@jordan... i'm based in the uk and 3d hubs can send your (or the nextbit) design drawing to your nearest 3d agent signed up with them. i was quoted around £25 for them to produce the nextbit design although he felt adjustments would be needed to offer enough support. decided to give it a couple of months to see if 3rd part offerings start appearing before going down the diy route �
at the moment, i m only quite concerned abt the 2680mah battery. maynot be enough for 5.2"screen, lets see
assuming we got to know that robin is delivered on a particular day, how many are going to take off for the day and return home (to see and experience robin)? and how many are gonna take next day as holiday to have fun with robin :)
looking good
they've posted a picture on facebook of the final versions of every case.
@everyone get snapchat if you want updates, they are literally showing you what they are doing and where they are at
where is the update !!! please ;) (8 days now since the last one)
update? robin is supposed to ship in only ten days, i hope there are no more delays!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php… reply for this video..... dump your iphone, get smart, get robin ;)
@nextbit have you guys found any stands that work well with the robin? no signs of a dock coming any time soon so i'm looking out for a stand that will allow me to plug the charging cable in. lots of universal ones around but they don't work well with the usb port being where it is on the robin. actually.. @anyone found any? or anyone have access to a 3d printer so i can just build one? :)
never mind. i think they are preparing review units for tech people. not long, not long now... :)
i don't get why so many people are making an issue out of ship dates.  the worst thing to happen to kickstarter is when you it did it publicity on various tech sites.  robin brought in people who don't understand how kickstarterror works.  people are freaking out at the possibility of it running over.  i've been in kickstarter long enough 3 or 4 months running over then let's start asking questions.  if people are getting worked up at robin now you people are on the wrong deal and crow funding is not for you.  keep calm embrace the robin.
are you guys even checking what nextbit is broadcasting on snapchat? they are preparing shipments as we speak. :d
@chris 1) 1m (3ft) 2) yes
@nextbit, will robin have a native visual voicemail feature like ios? if not, is there any effort in adding that to robin as i don't see a good one in any of the android phones.
@shane mobbs - cheers for that shane! not entirely sure how to change to the other pledge, but as far as i can tell, if i dont get mine mid feb, i should get it late feb =d
hmm... from what i can gather from update #22. i'll have mine by late feb hopefully, rather than mid feb... "anyone who orders a gsm robin before january 15th will be included in the late february shipments."
@abe chung - oh cool thanks for that. i got the true rebel special. any idea when we'll get those shipped? i'm getting real twitchy lol
1. which length cable comes w/ the robin? i would like the long length version, does that mean i have to purchase one separately? 2. will cases and accessories ship same time as phone?
@kevin my bad. i have no idea about their production capabilities, perhaps some google could give as an idea? still, it's got to be a rather large amount.
hey is it still possible to change a minor thing on backerkit?
@darren if you were able to switch your pledge to the $299 early backer even if you weren't one of the original backers you'll still be included in the first round of shipments. i followed up with nextbit about that. i originally wasn't in the early bird, but somebody dropped there's so i snapped it up.
lars it's not a worry just curious about the process
nextbit is reporting on twitter that they are going to flash a ton of robins. :) they gave their handle on snapchat, but i cant seem to find them there. first time using snapchat. can someone enlighten me how can i see them flashing robins tomorrow?
@kevin it's probably one of the biggest -if not the biggest- manufacturers in the world, so i wouldn't worry.
out of interest how many units can foxconn make it a day i wonder
@darren robertson early backers are those who pledged on the early adopter special. you had to be either 1-1,000 for the gsm units.
hey guys, how do i know if mine will ship the week of the 16th? it says early backers but i have no idea if i'm an early backer or not lol. i'm number 2799...
thanks guys my bad. :)
@casualt the language in the update says: "we will be shipping the week of february 16th"
no. in update #21 it specifically says the 16th.
thanks, i'll get a replacement ordered so it's ready
@casualt scott mentioned several times in interviews during ces that the 16th is the ship date for early backers with the rest of the backers shortly thereafter (excluding cdma of course.
that just says february no?
@casualt, update #21.
i find it interesting that nextbit hasn't actually said they are shipping on feb 16. that's just what people are saying they said. have nextbit actually confirmed this???
@jay daniel is correct, the robin has a single nano slot: https://nextbit.com/downloads/nextbit-specsheet.pdf
@jay cam, i'm pretty sure it uses nano.
hey guys, does anyone know what sim card size the robin uses? micro or nano?
i am wondering what shipping speed is going to be used? is it going to be expedited shipping? or what?
@ron newton we've followed up in a message! @mik per we'll be providing more shipping updates as soon as we have them
@davide yes, they are working on a desktop app or something like that which we can use to manage our storage.
@nextbit i can confirm  what type of confirmation do you need though?
@nextbit being less than 2 weeks from backers shipping, it would make sense to have frequent updates to keep up the interest of potential buyers and to reduce the jitters of backers
@ milad no your shipping included any duties, taxes, import fees or vats.
for someone living in europe, will i have to pay anything extra once i receive the phone? (duty, etc)
100 gb of storage will be manageable from pc ? or just a terminal robin
@nextbit hey i need to get a refund on my pledge. i find your phone very interesting and would love to use it but can't wait till april for the cdma version. please let me know what i need to do to get a refund thank you
@nextbit so i have a ton of stuff already stored in the cloud in google drive and google photos...will there be a way to link the nextbit storage to google drive or will they be separate?
7000
it also depends if its a courier service instead of post once it lands. couriers tend to be a lot faster.
that's my mistake, for some reason i thought that it was coming from the us. but i'm just stating based on my experience with tech being shipped from overseas. especially if it's bulk phones, cause they try to limit how many lithium ion batteries can be on a plane at a time so i'm just being prepared.
last thing for came from singapore to switzerland within 2 days for me. no idea what you talking about...
@kuot wat? all phones will be shipped from china and taxes have been paid. there is no reason why people outside the us should have to wait longer tho.
@kuot a month? it takes less for a 2$ product from aliexpress so i hope it will be a bit faster...
in case no one saw this video https://www.youtube.com/watch…
remember that the backer units are shipping direct from china. i'd think u.s.and canadian orders may take a week or more based on past experience.
well if you are in the us, you should be able to get the phone the same week if you are an early backer. international backers should expect about a month i reckon based on past experience ordering international products
@loscar i agree 100%. i hope we (early backers) will get our phone the week of february, 16th.
is an unlocked fm chip something nextbit will determine? or will verizon forever be in control over that little piece of hardware?
i hope there is no other delay...beyond the credibility damage... the more we wait, the more the spec of this phone will look outdated compared to new phones (especially the ones coming out feb 22th at gsma barcelona event), and also compared to existing phones that see their prices cut month after month. i bought the robin not because of the 100gb (32gb on board is plenty for me), i bought the specs/price, it was different, kinda native android os, cool looking and helping  new innovative company....but 4 months after the kiskstarter pledge (#100), there are many other phones available today for similar prices....i hope there are no delays! ... otherwise i would have bought a tshirt to show my support with the initiative but not the phone itself. one delay is acceptable.. a few more  would not be.
moto x force, they used same background music as our robin in their video ;)  https://m.facebook.com/story.php…
but what does innovation look like?  http://www.pcworld.com/article/3028011/android/weve-officially-reached-peak-smartphone-but-real-innovation-is-still-within-reach.html#tk.rss_all
@steven if i remember correctly, they will start shipping the week of feb 16th which was a delay of about two good weeks. part of the reason was the chinese new year. i don't think they're expecting more delays (well i certainly hope not because i'm anxious as f*).
@andrew found this on twitter a couple of days ago:https://fccid.io/2afgx-robin
@steven great points really! but i still couldn't find the fcc approval. anyone has the source for fcc approval?. i can't dxperience another delay. this would really harm nextbit's credibility.  let's hope they will start shipping february, 15th as they promised.
@nextbit i think you're targeting to ship out phones to use week of feb 16th. tomorrow we're at the first week of feb., and i'm thinking the units should be on their way over to the states given the shutdown for the holiday in china and then going through customs. would love to know where you are? and it looks like the fcc certification application was accepted by the fcc on 1/22. curious what the turn around time will be? i'm assuming you can't ship to us until you get certification? so then i'm guessing we should overall expect a delay of at least a few more weeks given these two hurdles. super excited to get my hands on the product and want to be realistic about expectations. thanks!
@all 1st of feb today, not long now guys.
@bosskar we will be charged when the phone gets shipped.
did anyone know when the amount will be deducted for add-on purchases?
@abhishek full hd at 5.2" should be about 423 ppi
what is robin's ppi pixel density?
@makhay a new site to order robin and accessories will be up sometime down the road. as for third party accessories we probably won't see those till robin is close to release. 3rd party companies don't have a model to base accessories off just yet.
@mark - wrong again - never asked for refund on robin - show me where i stated so!!!!
@ peter u made 65 comments on 3 projects.on all 3 you want a refund or are asking for a recall. every comment is raging. looks like you are intellectually challenged so my apologies, my bad. if you  need help u can contact me at george.baily@ymail.com
+1 to @stefan. this is supposed to be a friendly place.
@peter & @mark, can you take this into private chat if you guys are so desperate for a virtual battle off? no one really cares what comebacks you have to come up with each time, neither does nextbit.
@mark - you still possess diarrhea of the mouth so apparently there is no cure for you (it's your way or the highway) -  a shame yes, but that is life - you be so lucky you are so much better than everyone here dude!  really - i would not run scared from you at anytime -  that you can take to the bank ok!  please feel free to run (physically) into me at anytime ok. .  please do this - oh, did i mentioned the word please!!!
@chung the 808 is a hexacore and the 810 was the octacore soc
for any body wondering about performance, check out android authorities ces video. they talk about how even though it is a dvt unit its  alot snappier than when they previously saw it.
@chung the processor doesn't matter if the software isn't good, that was my question, i'm well aware of the specs, which are borderline outdated. k thx.
@peter u have been whining since day 1 everything u say is b.s . lol u buy into ubiq and get screwed then then put  your b.s on this project. nextbit is quality these guys worked for great companies and made those companies better. this phone wont be recalled.  i dont even know why u invest in kickstarter projects you vomit on all of them. every project you have invested in you do nothing , but complain nextbit is a co i believe in i believe in my phone that i invested in you attack them you attack me. you are lucky this is a public forum where i have been mostly civil. you would be running like a scared ......... if it wasn't
@michael it's running a snapdragon 808  octacore processor. i'm sure, the final unit will be very snappy. remember, they're still working off of dvt units.
has anyone on here seen reviews or opinions about the performance of the software? i saw one of the droid-life guys say it was slow/bogged down at ces in a comment on their site. this may very well sway my decision to buy a nexus now instead of waiting until april...
@nextbit i am one of your original backers and i decided not to order a case before the survey closed and pre-sales ended. is it too late to order a case and if so, when can we expect for the accessories to be on sale.  also are you working with third parties?
@peter - if you don't mind me asking, what is your reasoning in stating that we should prepare for a massive recall with regards to the robin?
peter and mark: a love story
@mark - you have seemed to put yourself in the shoes of school aged kids - a flamboyant and self-center bully - now dubbed on  here as bb (backer bully)!  that's right mark - i have seen your comments to others as well - get a freakin' life dude  ..  remember i  have your number ok - remember that!  grow up or get lost . . .   hope others chime in on mark's quagmire demeanor also!
if there is a legitimate question it gets answered.nextbit and the positive folks try to get to it in time
poor peter his questions go unanswered, cry cry
all  -  this is only what nextbit has told me as of this morning since my other questions have gone unanswered:   we're hoping to have another shipping update next week?   p.s.  prepare for a massive recall like what "should be" done for the ubik uno!
@motoaki : if you added the case and film to your order via backerkit, you should get them all together.
i am a backer, but i purchased a separate case and the film at a later date. is it possible that i am sent at the same time? we apologize sorry to trouble you, but, thank you.
that is odd!!!! i just assumed most carriers, if not all of them offered free sim replacements. because i've gone in 3 times to an att shop for a replacement and it has always been free of charge.
@andrew i believe grey, but i'm hoping they automatically ship mint to those of us that bought mint phones.
i'm sad about missing the postcard. i'm bummed about the delay in shipping the verizon model but happy my recent phone case purchase will have more use while waiting for the new robin to come out =)  it's so perfectly blue, i wish i discovered it sooner to suggest as a color scheme, lol
what color of charger and cable will kickstarters get?
alright! just a few more weeks left till its shipped. i swear the days have been going painfully slow, i just can't wait! i just hope for once in history my post office gets their sh*#t together and gets it to me before december...undamaged!
i had an lg g4 that used a micro sim the nexus 6 uses a nano. i have tmobile also. i'm not good at cutting so i went to the tmobile store they cut it for me for free. my understanding is that they charge you if you need a new sim but if you just need it cut they dont.
you guys are funny. just keep the same sim it will work. just cut it. don't trust your cutting skills?
@mike they bill you for a sim? are they crazy? it's like one of the companies (i think shell) that wanted €250 in advance if i wanted a gasoline-card from them. never went there again ;)
"with adapters" not "without adapters"
"with adapters", not "without adapters"
t-mobile charges fifteen dollars for a replacement sim! i think that's outrageous, since after all the sim is what allows them to keep billing you. on the good side, they now sell a "three in one" sim, which is really just a nano without adapters for mini and micro, which allows you to use it for any gsm phone.
@nextbit do you plan to make another version of the robin os that is more like stock android? you originally  stated that  you were working on  two different  versions in your kickstarter  campaign.   i really would like a more stock feeling launcher without losing the added robin os features.
@daniel they are one and the same.
p.s. if you are an ios user moving to android it will be impossible to transfer your apps and app data like game saves. you will have to start fresh, i'm coming to terms with starting over in oceanhorn :'(
usually sims are either free from carriers or they cost $2 or something and legitimately does not worry the carrier at all to move your number to the new sim, i know i used to work for a carrier. this would be better than sim cutting because not a lot of people know that micro and nano have physically different chip size hence cutting will have a 80% chance of ruining your sim. now in terms of data no matter what sim you have (micro/nano) both cannot store data like contacts. only the original big sim could do that. however most of these days if you have a google account your contacts are already saved in there hence signing in on your robin will bring back your credentials. it won't do photos unless you have google photos and it won't do apps and app data, just purchase history so you can download them again. that is my understand correct me if i'm wrong. i am a first time android user. however, there is an app on the play and app store (for all you ios guys wanting to transfer ;) called copy my data. which will the app i use to transfer my data. it does a better job than google will with transferring a large sum of my data to my new device. check it out, (wow i sound like a promo).
sounds like rocket science.
@voon seng lai i can't say for sure that your experience will be like mine, but i want to share mine with you so that if you do run into trouble, you can tell the t-mobile rep that you know for certain that other companies can do it easily. i'm going to paste sections of a reply i made here to another backer some time ago about my sim card experience with verizon: i also have a phone that uses a microsim (samsung galaxy s5). i called verizon customer support to see about getting a nanosim for the robin, as it's getting closer to the ship date. i simply cannot say enough good things about my experience doing so. the rep asked me what the phone was i was planning to get and i said, "the nextbit robin". she looked it up and said, "yep, this takes a nanosim, so you'll need one of those. we don't charge you for that, and we ship it free. where do you want me to send it?" so now i'm sitting on a new nanosim just waiting for a robin to put it into. seriously, it was that easy. she said that when i get my robin, just call verizon and they will deactivate the old sim and activate the new one. should be about as painless a transition as a person could ask for. hope this helps. so, at least with verizon, all they did was ship me a nano sim free of charge. hopefully t-mobile can do the same for you.
love this community expect of it - hope people will move on to the community that nextbit is setting up. question - i have a nexus 5 (micro sim) with t-mobile. when i do get robin in 3 weeks' time, do i just go to a store and have them issue me a new nano sim/cut my current card into a nano sim?
@brian. sorry, just read the rest of your post. yes the sim in your nexus 6 will work fine in robin. i have an iphone 6s plus and used to have an unlocked htc one m9. i switched my sim back and forth every couple days depending on my mood.
@brian just pop your at&t sim in and you're set. no need to take it to a store. that's assuming your current phone uses a nano sim. what phone are you currently using?
@muji, we know they will support band 12, what we don't know is if t-mobile has certified it? have they?
@lars cdma does not store credentials on sim like gsm. it is more of a process
didn't know it was that hard to use a locked phone. i've always used unlocked phones and it's as simple as putting in the right sim card and you're good to go.
@brian:  probably many people expecting to receive their robins shortly have not purchased an unlocked phone before. perhaps nextbit could provide a little online manual outlining exactly what people should do to activate their new phones depending on what they are moving away from (apple, android, blackberry, windows, etc.), the type of sim card they currently have and the carrier they are use (and/or country they are in) as well as other tips (transferring contacts from existing devices etc.) that will make the process of switching to their robins as smooth as possible. for many people this would help make their experience much more enjoyable.
hi fellow rebels and nextbit! i am one of the first 1000 and have my postcard; i am so looking forward the day my electric robin arrives. although i've never posted here before today, i have read every single comment. i believe in this phone and nextbit's vision and am honored to be part of this process. stay the course nextbit, we are behind you 100%! now, my question to the community. i have never bought an unlocked phone before; all my phones have come from at&t. i currently have the at&t branded nexus6 (just got 6.0.1 last week...sigh). when my robin arrives what do i do? do i take it to the at&t store and say please make this work and transfer my number or do i turn on the robin at home, connect via wifi, and setup that way or is there a procedure i am unaware of? i believe my nexus6 at&t simcard will not work in the robin correct? thanks to all in advance and thank you nextbit for such a great campaign! brian
@daniel i received confirmation from nextbit that it will support band 12
we've almost reached 7000 comments. #enjoyeverymilestone :)
@sean the gsm are delayed, but should ship for the first 1000 backers feb. 16th. a week or so later to other gsm backers.
so are the cdma versions the only ones delayed or is the gsm included?
yes, like @muji, also hoping for an update re. band 12 certification.
@dennis moto is the only company off the top of my head that does unlocked cdma, and they only have one or two models that were released in the past year. it definitely seems to be a task to take on. i'm not sure how many people realize all the hoops companies have to go through to release on verizon et. al.
well said abe. i can understand frustration however and i hope that common sense will win in a few days.
it's the convoluted certification process required by the cdma carriers that has mucked things up for the nextbit robin cdma version, i might add.  why do you think op and others haven't even attempted doing what nextbit has taken on?
what other manufacturer has even attempted unlocked cdma version phones...to my knowledge all others are locked to the cdma carriers with bloatware included.  anyone?
touche @abe, touche.
nextbit owned up to their mistakes of their over-zealous timeline for the cdma model. that was their mistake. however, let's not overreach and say they aren't listening to the community to make a phone that the backers and consumers can call their "phone." if i recall, a cdma version wasn't even in the works until the backers expressed demand. also, nextbit listened to the community to create a very own kickstarter color because people talked about different colorways. there isn't one time i could think of nextbit declining to listen to the community for their feedback and criticism. it's totally okay to create dialogue for the benefit of nextbit (as a checks and balance), however, let's be careful of feeding into mob-mentality. if there are criticisms or complaints, let's be civil and respectful. to cdma backers, i hope you get your phone sooner than later. it does suck that you will end up getting your phone after "pre-order" purchasers. hopefully, nextbit can do something to remedy your dissatisfaction. but even if they don't, isn't it pretty awesome that nextbit can even come to cdma, when most companies wouldn't even invest in a cdma version in the first place (being that gsm is global and easier to certify)?
all comments are welcome but one hopes people stay civil and respect each other / kickstarter guidelines. :) i can certainly understand the frustration of cdma version backers. i guess those that simply can't wait can write to nextbit and explore the possibility of a refund. i believe nextbit have been transparent in communication, given the difficulties and constraints in executing a project of this kind. there's no parallel between nextbit and others such as ubik / saygus and certainly no risk of this project ending up like those. nextbit is very well funded, by the best in the business (incl. google ventures).  source: https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/nextbit-systems#/entity
@andrew �
i can reply any way i see i fit within reason. the fact that you are offended doesnt surprise me. some folks are offended about orange juice or the fact people eat red meat. the sky is blue or that the bills have rex ryan as a coach or the fact that he hired his brother that was fired from the cowboys, saints , but good  luck with that..
@mark schwacofer this community contains only backers who paid hundreds of dollars to support nextbit. every member has the right to speak out in a respectful manner. you don't have the right to shut up people here.  this criticism is very useful to correct the wrong paths. the company is listening and improving, otherwise, we might have an experience similar to saygus or ubik. people paid for this phone and want in return something as described. cdma backers have the right to show their dissatisfaction, because now they have to wait for a couple of months before they get the phone, and they showed their own reasons to object that announcement. please, if you don't like someone's comment, don't reply to it or at least, show respectfulness in your words. we don't live in north korea! thank you.
@jason yeoman nicely said, couldn't agree more. i've been holding my tongue about the delays, the first is fine, the second stings a bit. i don't  mind waiting, i've waited years for certain projects. how they went about it is what aggravates me. and you are right, we have every right to complain or give our two cents since we funded it. nitpicking is a different story but i digress. nice job buddy.
@mark: the community invested in the creation of a device that was/is still in development.  we have every right to discuss the changes and aspects of the phone.  we have every right to question nextbit for any delay.  we all gave them a ton of money to create us a product.  we didn't buy anything that day and then needed to shutup because it was a one-time purchase.  we invested in nextbit to create something for us, giving us every right to criticize the progress and results.  companies like nextbit should know this before going in, don't crowd fund if you aren't going to listen to the crowd.
@andrew what im tired of is the complaining over and over.  from the oh now its just plastic. to the color of the charger.you dont like the blue so they change it. then after that you dont like the color that they tried to make accomodating.they have a delay and then the worlds coming to an end. the list goes on . then finally in culmination theres a link sent that you shouldn't invest in a phone at all on kickstarter. blah seems like some of you complain because there is a forum that you can . my remarks have been tame compared to what i'd really to say to some of you.
@mark schwacofer could you behave better please???  i'm tired of reading your disrespectful comments over and over and over!.
can we please get an update on band 12????
@james: i had the same feeling about the article. looks like the author has added nextbit to the mix for added publicity (nextbit is way more popular than any of the other cos.). all told, nextbit is well-funded, has deep expertise and has been transparent / community-oriented from day one.  some delays and the occasional lack of details are understandable in any project of this sort, with so many variables and people involved across geographies. when we backed this project, most of us wanted to be a part of an exclusive group of (early) robin owners and participate as much as we could in the development of this phone. the level of collaboration, excitement and engagement here prove this project has been very successful on that count.
@james bite me
@mark schwacofer just sharing the perspective actually.  i'm quite content with how nexbit has handled everything and since i'm getting a gsm model i don't have cdma anxiety.  if anything, after reading the article i'm happy knowing i didn't back one of the other phones it cites.  even the article's author, whose opinion is clear, has to concede  "maybe even nextbit, to a certain extent" (offering an exemption to the idea that backing a crowdfunded smartphone is terrible) so maybe tone it down a bit.  "be respectful and considerate" is to the right of my "post comment" button on kickstarter.  how about yours?
the processor is the 808 the same thats in my wife's lg g4 . https://www.qualcomm.com/products/snapdragon/processors/808. i believe they used this because the 810 was having  heat issues.. the lg g4 cost me 499.99 at tmobile 6 months ago and was considered one of the best. the robin should be considered a mid tier phone. moto x pure,  one plus two , nexus 5x,   zte  axion. the robin should run anything for about 2 years.
i backed the cdma version, which was added on (pretty much) 2 weeks after the campaign started. it's not like the 2 versions are completely different phones either. and being released 2-3 months late does suck, but i know it's not the end of the world. the only thing i'm concerned with is that spec-wise, it'll be "last year's" specs. and then after that, how long it'll stay running smoothly (with games and apps becoming more demanding).
james i can post 40 articles that counter your article, but i will post 5. http://bit.ly/1n8upxi techno buffalos review "so impressive we bought one" android authority https://www.youtube.com/watch…  cnet "kickstarter darling nextbit"https://www.youtube.com/watch…  pc magazine " the smarter phone"https://www.youtube.com/watch…  pocketnow says " it's a true smart phone" as for your b.s maybe you should of done some research before you invested! kickstarter isn't for everyone. blah you remind me of the casual sports watcher's the ones that are winning at the moment and then 1 loss they turn on them like a rabid dog. ive said it before cdma was never going to come out the same time as the early backers. the original schedule was staggered.nextbit wanted to get everyone there phones sooner, but it didnt work out. nextbit has been upfront and has had full disclosure. so get over it.
hi devin, i got my post card my in ontario toronto.
i don't think we will have the problems suggested in the article posted. for one it is just the crowd asked for model that is delayed and only for a couple of months the original "universal" model is on time. my second point is that nextbit has been open and very good at keeping us up to date with development and keeping us involved in every step and being honest and realistic with the robin's performance which i don't think most "scammers" would bother with putting that much effort and i would presume they would say a lot more hype to entice buys. my third point is that article was wrong to group nextbit with those other phone projects because combined the team has a vast amount of experience and knowledge about the mobile industry which is being vastly under appreciated. anyway that is just my opinion and should be given the same credit as that article author's opinion.
backing a crowdfunded smartphone is a terrible idea. http://www.droid-life.com/2016/01/22/backing-a-crowdfunded-smartphone-is-a-terrible-idea/
@henry, iirc scott confirmed in an interview at ces that it would ship with 6 with 6.0.1 to follow ota soon after.
will the phone ship with 6.0.1?
can nextbit upload a video that show all the final version of the package and accessories  (charger,cable and case etc.)
thanks for picking up on this shane, appreciated
@night that's good more should be like you. i know i wouldn't be to distressed if even the gsm model was delayed again. i would rather have a great phone then one mired in bugs because it was rushed to production before it was ready.
@steve the early gsm 1000 backers are supposed to be shipped feb. 16, with other gsm backers soon thereafter. they've been delayed by about 2 weeks.
@devin i am in ontario canada and got my post card on monday.
i just wanna say i'm a cdma backer and i'm not "losing my shit". not trying to argue, just stating it in case anyone's counting. ;) i'm (im)patiently waiting.
i received my postcard on vancouver island! thanks!
@devin i got mine and i'm in ontario!
guys - not been keeping up re the comments, and 'older comments' won't load for me for some reason. this april delay; its for cdma only, not gsm... is that right? thanks
has anyone in canada got their postcard yet? i live ontario and still haven't got mine
i love everyone's different outlook on the situation but any product ( gsm, cdma or anything else) born on kickstarter should go as follows : backers first pre-orders second online store third it seems pretty reasonable to be upset when a "backer" is still waiting and anyone else can go to their online store in april and have a gsm shipped to them in 2 days. that's even after pre-orders have already been shipped. the whole reason to be a backer is to be one of the first!
@lars @mark exactly. it was an add on party way through the campaign. they thought they could deliver in the same time frame at the time but obviously the planet's didn't line up to make that happen. at least they're upfront about the delay. always have been upfront and beyond accommodating. i'm betting they wished they had stuck to the original gsm offering and added cdma after the store opened and it was available. as for those crying for a refund? it's kickstarter. you pledged, the phone is a reward. it'll arrive just maybe not on your time schedule. thanks @creator for continuing to be forthcoming with updates. the anticipation is killing us but i have no doubt it'll be an excellent phone !
people should be a bit more reasonable. they asked for a cdma version during the campaign, nextbit didn't have to comply, but they did, knowing there were some risks. now it's as if people want their cdma as soon as the gsm... it bothers me how greedy some people can be, the guys and gals over at nextbit are doing their darndest to please us all, and when something goes amiss because of some factor out of their control some people lose their shit. i understand the disappointment, i do, i'd probably be just as disappointment, but please people, try to look at the situation from nextbit's perspective, i beg you.
my posts not getting posted???
post card? i never received one, what were they about?
what's this about a post card? i never received one, what were they about?
it's fine with me as i'm on verizon contract until may, 2016 anyway maybe it will even get better by then.
because its different radio's plus early backers were going to get theres first and hmm cdma wasnt even offered until oh later
@mark, the date on the pledge was february, the same as the date for the gsm.  how could you expect us to know that the cdma specially would be "shipped" 3 months after the gsm? there was no indication that this was a massive task that required significantly more time.
according to the last update, may i know is only cdma version will delay ??  how about gsm version ?? will keep on shipping on 16th feb ??
surprised the people opting for  cdma didn't realize that it would be after the gsm was shipped. let the whining begin.
@trenton yes, nextbit ships to pobox. the post card was delivered to my pobox days ago.
@trenton yes, nextbit ships to pobox. the post card was delivered to my pobox days ago.
i think cdma people should get a big discount on the next robin. p.s. seems like the cdma people didn't receive postcards.
so is it too late to switch to the gsm? hahaha knew i should of bought the p
im in california. when exactly am i getting my robin? your last update was beyond disappointing. knew i should've opted for nexus 6p. who wants to wait around another 3 months before this so called "future phone" ships! @nextbit  :(
@trenton yes, nextbit ships to pobox. the post card was delivered to my pobox days ago.
kinda worry too, didn't received postcard either :(
@pia i had the m9 for a while. i thought it was a great phone. i only sold it so i could back robin! @cdma rebels. sorry bout the delay for your models.
i haven't gotten my post card yet and i check my shipping address and it was correct!?  it was a po box so i don't know if yall will ship the robin to a po. thanks
@luna that's been discussed in the updates and comments section a great deal. just search through the recent updates
when are you shipping gsm models? @nextbit
i can wait for my robin cdma as long as i can activate it on sprint without any problem. right now my m9 is still working perfectly.
i like this company. i think as soon as they found out they are possibly shipping in april they told us. thank you @nextbit.
i like this company. i think as soon as they found out they are possibly shipping in april they told us. thank you @nextbit.
shipping in april.... ugh
the postcard got me thinking about the courier company that will ship our phones. hope it's not the local postal service. lol
i think the marks on top of the card are stamps, i personally think they look good, but i can see the likeness to tire marks:)
can't wait... my current phone (nexus 5) is freaking out and shutting off randomly. the walking dead on feb 14, robin shipping on feb 16th. great times!
@kuot: strangely, mine had similar marks along the top of the card too! maybe they came via the same sorting centre and got damaged there.
i got my postcard today. looks beautiful, although badly handled by the postal folks. many thanks, nextbit!
same, in australia :). although i think the postie ran over it because it has tyre marks at the top of the card :(.
finally got my postcard. i'm in ontario canada. yay.
sprint reps have the i.q of a mullet. i wouldn't take much stock in what they have to say. i had sprint the customer service was the worst not to mention there crappy coverage. tmobile has better customer service and now better coverage. though if you are rich and don't mind your name and phone number given to every advertising agency in the country go with verizon
@nextbit will robin be able to activate on sprint? i just called a sprint cs and asked about robin. the cs had no idea about robin. he suggested me to call back when i have the phone and have its meid/imei checked.
@nextbit just curious how the speakers sound are they comparable to the nexus 6?
ya im hoping to get mine by my birthday on the 19th of feb
@robin 27 days till you begin your joyous journey through the parcel service to greet me at my doorstep. #andcounting
@nextbit thanks for the message. i responded and hope to pick up my device in sanfranawesome in a couple of weeks!
just wanted to say that the postcard was a pleasant surprise! thank you! (shamefully haven't been keeping up with updates, and i'm glad i didn't this time, ha ha)
yeah i was ready to get charged at lock down. the canadian exchange rate is getting more brutal by the day!
can i ask to get your approval visa card asap? because of the raise in exchange rate.. check it please :)
i'll just leave this here. http://www.ubergizmo.com/2016/01/nexbit-robin-cyanogenmod/
@james r. thanks bro, i'll keep you updated if i receive mine.
@mark i don't believe you'll be able to purchase a case anymore until their e-commerce website goes live on feb 16th.
@nextbit is it still possible to order a case?
@seri considering we will be charged when our robin gets shipped and that shipping starts the week of 16 february, it is probably a good idea to have some money around that period.
does anyone have any idea what date is a good date to have money in my bank before they do the shipping and stuff for the cases and other add ons? please reply!! thanks!!!
i have two questions 1. i was hoping to get a magnetic dash mount for my car like airdock and was wondering how that would work since now its plastic. also would that have a detrimental effect on the hardware inside? 2. i live in australia and i haven't received my postcard yet and it's understandable i have ordered stuff overseas and it usually takes a while to get here, so i'm probably expecting to get my robin in march. my question is, is there anyway i can pay extra for express shipping?
@eddy ramos  a world phone used to be considered gsm 850,900,1800,1900. i'm no sure where you got the idea that the verizon version is only cdma this is taken from the campaign page of nextbit robin: gsm version (for at&t and tmobile networks in the us; best choice for all international backers including canada) gsm 850/900/1800/1900 hspa 850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100 lte bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28 cdma version (for sprint and verizon networks in the us) cdma 800/1900 gsm 850/900/1800/1900 hspa 1700/1800/1900/2100 lte bands 1/2/3/4/7/13/20/25/26/41
@nextbit can you please tell me why you choose to have widgets on a separte screen? seems counter intuitive being that widgets provide quick information at a glance. now with your ui i have to take an extra step to pinch or long press to access widgets... thank you
i would like to cancel my pledge. the main reason is that i ordered a verizon phone (cdma) and when i did that i took it for granted that the robin will also be, like any other verizon smartphone, a "world phone" in other words that the robin will be able to work internationally. recently i made this question to you and your answer was that the verizon phone  will not work with any other gsm networks so it will only work with cdma networks then as consequence will only work in usa. it sound to me that if this is true that the robin team did a huge mistake creating different phones for different carriers. why not do the same that  the google nexus or even apple are doing; just one phone that will work with any carrier ????. kindly explain this to me or cancel my pledge and refund my payment. i have no use for a phone that will work only in the usa verizon network. looking forward for an urgent replay. thanks in advance, regards.
@joel, thanks!
@sameer: i don't know the answer to 1 (but i doubt the rom/kernel will support the adjusting of the colour temp and contrast out of the box). as to 2, the answer is yes, robin is quick charging enabled. as to 3, the answer is, sadly, no.
i have a few questions? 1) who is making the lcd panel? will nextbit give it users the ability to adjust color temperature and contrast? 2) does the robin have quick charge? 3) does the robin support wireless charging?
@lamine  i'm also on the east coast and checked that my address is correct - no postcard here either.
@vipin awesome questions...!! i am pretty sure that these would be there in each and everyone's minds. you have asked it in the best possible way...and @nextbit...how excellent your answers are...!! a lot of doubts have been cleared here....thank you so much...!! in addition to this, few more i would like to ask.. for question no.5, i think the answer from you was different from what vipin asked..you have answered that the music content is not yet available for offloading & restore..but, apart from this offload & restore process, is there an option to backup music or any other data files to cloud so that it will be there both in device and cloud at the same time like the normal cloud services..and we can delete the music from device to free up some space, if needed...?? also, i would like to know whether all the photos will be offloaded automatically to cloud..or only a few will be offloaded when device run out of space..? how would you know which photos are used less..most of the users won't use much of their camera pictures..i think you will be taking the date of photo into consideration... it will be great if there is an option to mark photos and offload it manually to cloud...please clarify these...!! thanks in advance...!!
@meek we'll need confirmation from the guys at nextbit for this, but it sounds awesome!
@nextbit  a postcard is a nice relief for backers..but wait..i did not received a postcard yet hmm i would like to receive a sheep mascot instead of postcard afterall :d
@nextbit this question has been asked many times, but you didn't reply! do you have any return policy? who is eligible? thank you.
thank you nextbit.... for the answers!!
@nextbit how did i not know this!?? is it true? moss is a founding board member of cyanogen and rather than seeing it as a competitor he sees the firms as allies. indeed, nextbit is working with cyanogen to create a specific cyanogenmod rom for the robin smartphone, which it will make available to all users in coming months. quoted from: http://www.ibtimes.com/nextbit-robin-kickstarter-startup-taking-samsung-cool-400-android-phone-2267296
@creator nextbit :  just a question regarding the surprise postcards. did you send it to all backers ? i didn't receive anything until now. i'm located in montreal (canada). i checked my address in the link you provided and everything is correct.  i'm very affraid. hope i'll receive my two robin phones when you start shipping.  could you please check and see why i didn't receive my surprise postcard ?
@all please stay tuned for updates on cdma models! we're working on getting a good timeline. @thomas it's a new development, we just reached out to you in a message :) @vipin b menon 1. offloaded apps will appear as though they are uninstalled. you can re-install the offloaded app just fine from the play store though. when you hit install, the shadow icon on the home screen will get filled in like a normal restore would do. 2. since offloaded apps appear as uninstalled to the play store, updates are only applied to apps that are still local on your device. 3. at launch, you will have the option to delete the apk from the cloud when you uninstall an app. our gallery will also offer the ability to delete photos from the cloud when you choose the delete them on the device. 4. we will also pop up an additional notification to indicate that the user will need to unpin apps or clear data that smart storage does not manage. 5. no, they will not be uploaded to the cloud until we implement proper offloading and restore support. 6. we are working on enabling video support for smart storage at this time. 7. pinning is limited only to apps at this time, but you will always have access to a screen sized thumbnail of the image on the device. we are considering the feature to pin photos in an update. 8. when you uninstall an app or delete a photo, the space those items take in the cloud will be freed up. 9. robin will keep a certain amount of working space available on the device, so that you will be able to download apks and take photos without pause. the smart storage solution will have already offloaded your least used apps.
@alhad, since when do they have  local pick up option? i'm going to be in sf during the shipping time frame and had wanted to pick it up but they said they were shipping direct from the manufacturing location.
@nextbit thanks for giving an option for in-person pickups to local backers. cool idea. #sfbalovesrobin
@bergeyman, i think your point is very valid in sense of fairness but do not forget we are talking about almost different phone here.  it is not just different color it is in fact different hardware components which will require diverging in the manufacturing process.  i do not think nextbit are ready for that and this is why i believe cdma phones will have different shipping date independent of the gsm shipping date.  look at robin gsm/cdma somewhat like galaxy 6s/6s edge.  almost the same phone but different enough in order to be treated the same in many senses including manufacturing and shipping.
@nextbit, what is the sar of the phone please!
they may not have a choice with cdma... wouldn't be surprised if there is a lot of hoops to jump through working with verizon. unless u are in the middle of nowhere and verizon is the only coverage you can get, i would recommend dumping cdma carriers
@mark - i'm saying cdma backers  before gsm  "preorder's". kickstarter backers(gsm & cdma) should ship before pre-orders.  the gsm pre-orders are being shipped by end of feb.
gsm was first. nextbit didn't even offer cdma until later. so why would cdma backers think they would get there version before even the early backers?
@jonathan +1 all us cdma "backers"  are hoping that "preorder"  gsm don't supersede us for delivery. @nexbit seems pretty legit and i can't see them doing that to us!  if it wasn't such a great phone/concept i wouldn't be in such a hurry.... but it is!!!
@nextbit would be really nice to get an update on cdma version. the verge and other online aggregators reporting "later this year" is worrisome to say the least. that sound like 2016 q3 to me, which would just suck.
interesting q1&2 @vipin
@nextbit will cdma backers receive their phones before pre-orders?
@nextbit: i have some scenarios which got into my mind, thought of asking you guys. please provide response. 1. how will the offloaded apps be handled in play store? in play store, if i select 'open' button on an app which is offloaded in robin, will it start downloading it from cloud or will it give a prompt message saying ("app is currently offloaded, do you want to restore it")? please confirm. 2. how will the offloaded apps handle if any updates are there for the app from vendors side? like if i select 'update' button from play store, how will it be handled? 3. how can i manage my cloud storage...i mean delete unwanted data saved in my cloud (100gb)? 4. at some point of time, if there is a situation like, i have 'pinned' apps which is of 15gb (which will not be offloaded), videos in gallery 10gb (which currently not have support of getting offloaded), music files 5gb (which currently not have support of getting offloaded), another 2gb (approx) used by robin os. in this situation my local storage is full and there is no change of freeing up space by offloading apps (as they are pinned) or photos. how will robin handle this situation? will it prompt any pop up to unpin apps to get offloaded or telling user, space is not there delete some apps or videos or files to free up space? (which will be as normal smart phone out there in market). please comment. 5. you confirmed that robin is not supporting offload of videos or music files as of now, but will they be synced to nextbit cloud (in 100gb) along with apps and photos? 6. is there any development in near future to support offloading of videos and music files? 7. is there any option to pin photos, so that it won't get offloaded automatically or pinning is limited for only apps? 8. if i delete photos or uninstall app from phone which are synced to cloud, will the data in the cloud be deleted? please confirm how this situation will be handled for apps and how will be for photos. 9. if my robin is filled up and some of the apps are offloaded, and again my phone storage is getting filled, if i try to download an offloaded app how it will handle, will it offload further different apps in queue and download the app i selected? please confirm. thank you for your response in advance. excited for robin next month.
@mobbs thanks i didnt know .mine got chewed up by a 10 month old
@nextbit any more news about a u.s. based tour?
post card just arrived into sydney australia.
i am from indonesia.. so will i get the postcard as well? will be glad and highly appreciated if i got one! =) can't wait for the robin to be delivered here.. really excited!
@mark i just checked mine. the front can be pulled off to use as a sticker!
@mark is was referring to the tweet in the most recent update for richard lai. he called it a postcard/sticker. i haven't checked mine yet to see if it can be peeled off or not.
@mobbs no its a postcard with a picture of the coast in the color of mint. unfortunately for me my grandaughter got a hold of it and chewed it up.
eeeeeeek!  postcard!  so excited!  so soon!!!
so the postcard is actually a sticker?
thanks for the postcard☺☺☺☺
i thought the early adopters was for the gsm ( e.g. t-mobile and at&t) version?
cool postcard! it was a pleasant surprise.
thank you for the lovely postcard!!
@nextbit simple question: is the postcards mint exactly the nextbit mint?
@david that's what i'm looking for as well, just a month estimate.  i'm super happy that i'll even be able to get a robin because nextbit didn't skip on the cdma version, so whenever it gets to me is fine with me.  hopefully sooner rather than later, but better later than not at all.
postcard?
i was glad the postcard didn't say, "weather is here, wish you were beautiful."
@david same here would be a sick birthday gift if the cdma version is shipped in february! ;)
is everyone receiving a postcard? if so i hope to get mine soon!
echoing other people's comments about when the cdma version will ship. seems that we should get at least a month estimate. obviously nexbit has been extremely deliberate about stating when gsm models would be ready. thanks in advance nextbit for not leaving us verizon users in the dark.
i just received a suspiciously minty postcard, after i was afraid i had been left out!
thanks for the card @nextbit looking forward to an electric time!
@hunter, @thomas  they are promising gsm pre orders to ship in february.  cdma were kickstarter backers,  hopefully we won't be passed on and get our phones before pre orders!
@daniel thanks for the feedback. we've addressed this a couple of times, trying to spread the word! we think the cloud is a much more viable solution for phone storage, for a couple of different reasons. first, it's pretty common to lose or damage an sd card. second, sd cards provide finite storage. we want your data to always be available to you and expand with your needs - hence the idea of cloud storage.
@hunter nextbit hasn't given a date for the cdma versions yet, it's looking like they won't be shipping at the same time since they weren't added on until after the kickstarter had already begun so they haven't gotten as much time to test them.  hopefully it won't be much longer after the gsm models though!
i miss big bear mtn cabin vacations and bigbear lake and fishing with my grampa at lake arrowhead, but there is not alot about california that i miss.
@darren anslow, these comments i refer to are just comments on articles about nextbit on sites such as androidcentral, gsmarena, androidpolice, etc. the articles themselves never seem to complain about this. i bring this up only because there are a bunch of people who still don't get the benefits of the cloud and perhaps nextbit could do a better job making the case.
does anyone know if the cdma version is shipping the 16th like the gsm version? i'm very sad that i might not get it at the same time. i was even an early backer for it. i got the first of the 100 quantities they had as an early bird special.
oh, such a lovely surprise :) thank you for a postcard.
@daniel any chance of providing links to these comments please? since i backed i've tried my best to read any/all articles regarding the robin and definitely haven't come across these articles
i like the cloud features, so no i am not making that argument; commenters all over the place are making the sd card argument, and i am not seeing anyone come back with a strong counter argument. and yes, of course i am aware that the cloud features are the main differentiating aspect of nextbit.
thanks for the postcard! so nice of you guys, you're the best!
postcard received~ great thanks! looking forward for the real phone arrive... especially when my phone seems going to be dead soon...
횐률로 계산한다면 60만원으로 아이폰 중고를 살수도 있지만 저는 로빈폰을 기다리며 분실폰을 뒤로한채 기다리고 있습니다^~^ 주님이 저에게 기다리라고 밀씀하시네요 ㅎㅎ   nextbit 로빈은 블루오션을 창조할 모두의 기업이라고 소망합니다 모두모두 화이팅^~^
벌써 1달러 1200원 돌파 하였습니다,,,  ㅠ~ㅠ 초반에 1달러 약1100원 너무많이 올맀습니다  횐율이 지금 한화로 60만월 돌파 헉,,,,�  하지만 로빈을 놓칠수가 없어요♡
thanks for the postcard sticker! made it all the way to sunny norwich in the uk!
@daniel an honest and simple question...did you back this phone not knowing nextbit's main campaign was smart cloud storage?
@nextbit thanks for the postcard! i really do miss big sur, lots of fun outdoorsy stuff to do there.
@nextbit  card also received in sint-truiden :)
@daniel wat? the whole point and main focus of this campaign and the phone is the cloud first approach. it is what robin is all about, next to the fresh design.
for 1 the 100 gigs of cloud storage is free with purchase of phone. 2 how is it complicated? you save your music to the encrypted cloud.3  once your phone gets full it saves it automaticly. as for commenter on the tech sites. you might be better served to read the reviews of professionals and compare notes .http://www.cnet.com/products/nextbit-robin/ http://www.wired.com/2015/09/nextbit-robin/https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@daniel for me, robin's cloud is to an sd card what a 5gb dropbox account is to an rw dvd. and i'd rather not go back to rw dvds.
@nextbit, lots on comments on the robin on various tech sites where people are saying that the cloud features you are offering are a complicated and expensive solution for what is already provided by an sd card. i suggest that @nextbit addresses these comments and makes a case for why their cloud features are more beneficial and compelling than an sd card slot. i would be interested to hear this. the only major advantages i can think of is: 1. not needing to include sd slot in hardware.  2. if one's phone gets lost, you lose sd slot, whereas the cloud is still there.
@nextbit your postcard found its way to berlin as well, thanks!
@creator: thanks from cornwall in the uk for my postcard - nice touch :-)
@nextbit thats great gimme time to save up for the next gen robin
pc magazine says that nextbits robin is the only decent phone to come out of kickstarter. http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2376171,00.asp
@a.s. i could be wrong, but i'm assuming it's because the cdma wasn't planned initially. it wasn't decided to be made until the campaign was well underway.
@bergeyman +1  i guess this is a general question for everyone...what would be the reason for the variable timeline for the cdma vs gsm models?
@nextbit will cdma backers receive their phones before pre-orders?
even though will be more than happy if that is true :)
@kuot thiik not sure but what this article says sounds to me like a typo.  what nextbit said in their update is that the phones will ship on feb 16 not "received on feb 16".  sounds to me like a typo.
here it is http://www.slashgear.com/nextbit-robin-shipping-date-to-backers-in-weeks-06421765/
so i just read an article that nextbit retweeted that said that the phones will be shipped by january 16 and be received by february 15 for early birds. does that mean that the regular backers will be receiving by end of february or is that when they will be shipped?
@nextbit, have you gotten t-mobile band 12 certification worked out?
@nextbit is there going to be an update today?
@mark schwacofer we plan to support updates for at least 2 years! @all glad you appreciated the postcards :) it's possible that they may be taking longer for some international backers
thanks indeed for the postcard @nextbit! nice one:)
the postcards didn't reach belgium :)
@tham we all got personalized postcards reassuring us they are getting the robins ready. was a nice touch
@nextbit i hope you guys will support robin longer then lenovo does its moto x 2014 edition moto x  on verizon and att are getting no new updates . heck my nexus 6 has marshmallow. id be annoyed if i had purchased a moto x
sorry all, what card?
thanks for the postcard :)
thanks for the nice postcard. hope you take a minute or two outside also and soak up some sunshine and warmth you can send with the robins to us up north.
anyone know if it is too late to change my choice of network frequencies? hopefully it isnt
but the volume keys of the electric version , are blacks ??? in the prototype were electric mistake ? :-(
wondering if a double press to launch camera (power button) would be a possibility either at or after shipping. its a really great feature to get the shot before its gone and i think all phones should have something like it. also it could be a toggle if it uses battery. thanks, you guys are awesome and i am so excited!!!!!
i was just thinking what if there was a way for the background for the startup screen to change dynamically based off the weather in the area. so like the weather is sunny that day so the cloud background has a ray of sunshine when you open robin.
@noorulabdeen the renders didn't look that good to me, but now that i'm seeing the final version i kind of want to switch to electric :) to bad it is too late to switch.
i'm curious, where is the nfc sensor on the robin? the htc m8 i have had the nfc where the camera was, and  i recently backed a project that made a nfc sticker button for me to use on the robin.
is it too late to switch to electric? :p
@pia no, robin doesn't support lte advanced @praveen the parts aren't easy to take apart, unfortunately. we love the idea!
@nextbit thanks for the card!! can't wait for my robin :)
will robin cdma support lte advance?
@praveen, i was thinking that in future robin models, the top and bottom caps might be changeable modules - i.e. swap out camera, memory/chipset etc. and different colours, of course!
@nextbit ty for the card.
@nextbit - how easy (or difficult) would it be for users to replace the top and bottom caps? it'd be cool if we can switch to a different color down the road.  :-)
@nathan, excellent points. i do imagine there will be some power saving by implementing touch unlock in this fashion. any power saving for a phone with just under 2700mah will be appreciated. equally, press in hold > press, release and hold.
@daniel, https://www.youtube.com/watch… @joel york, you are absolutely right, but in my mind, a press in hold is far closer to a one step process than the "press, release, and then hold" that i thought we were getting. i imagine having the "direct touch" on the side of the phone would cause for a lot of accidental unlocks that you wouldn't have with it being centered on the back of the phone (a place that your finger would only be if you were wanting the phone unlocked).  also, this way the sensor is only looking for a fingerprint when the button is pushed.  though small, i imagine there is some power saving there.
@nathan, the video i saw shows that the button has to be physically pressed/engaged and then if you keep your registered finger in place, the unlock occurs. the nexus 5x/6p implementation allows for direct touch to unlock. it's not a huge difference really but robin will require a kind of two step process to unlock using this method.
@nathan, may i ask what video this is? thanks.
@daniel @noel york i just watched a video where it shows robin being unlocked using the fingerprint sensor with a single press. no need to wake the device first.
i'm looking to get a powerbank to use with the robin once it arrives. i found this company who seem to have good quality powerbanks, called simpiz, here is their link http://simpiz.com/ , do any of you know this company or have any experience with their products? would it be compatible/reliable for the robin? the battery on the robin is okay, but i usually carry a powerbank with me, looking to buy a new one, and saw this new one called itron in the ces coverage. what do you all think? should i proceed to order this one? thanks, any help will be appreciated :)
ubik uno is being shipped. yes they had delays yes they wern't as upfront as nextbit has been, but in the end its getting done.  to me the ubik uno looks like like everybody elses phone just cheaper. i invested in nextbit because they had an idea that was unique i am sold on the idea that everything will be cloud based eventually....new concepts idea's take time to come into fruition. if thomas edison had the time restraints put on him as they do today he'd not of achieved as much as he did. his greatness wasn't necessarily his inventions though he did invent , but what he made better. nextbit is doing the same thing so when this gets finished  in there time i will be pleased.
@giacomo cetorelli he doesn't say they will get their phones sooner than us at any point in the video. he was stating that pre-orders before jan 16th with receive there's much earlier than orders after that date.
my god! ? a bit late is nothing,as long as it doesn't turn into a zano, i'm ok with it.
@nextbit i just watched a video that said that people who preorder the robin before january 15 will get their phones sooner than us backers? here is the video (one minute mark): https://www.youtube.com/watch… can you confirm if this is true?  thanks!
@mark - likewise here - i am done with you!  wish you the best in your perfect world of "problem or issues" free - stay away from me period dude!   rip
http://www.technobuffalo.com/videos/nextbit-robin-hands-on/
dear naggers, nextbit first stated that the expected date of shipping would be in january 2016. and guess what, it's stil january! so okay they have a little bit of a delay but do you want a bad phone or a finished phone? keep on the good work and till a month!
@iverson boi your first post wasn't  personal? you are the one that got all manic! lol " stay away from me! "  i never implied that i would.that was  you trippin!  you make bad choices dont investigate whom you are investing in, get screwed then push it on this project. then you attack joel because apparently you don't like what he says either.  bite me , you dunno jack about much . run along boi i'm done with you!
great point, @joel! i have to agree with you.
@daniel: fingerprint to unlock/wake is a good suggestion, in my opinion. i'm currently using the nexus 6p and i think that the touch sensor to unlock and wake is one of the outstanding features of the device. furthermore, this is a software modification that nexbit could implement in a future iteration, if they so chose. making it a toggle-able option would be great as it will likely use a little more battery for those that chose to enable it.
@dennis - concur!
i would like to suggest pre-orders may be surpassing expectations an/or anticipation to be another reason for a delay. and, i seems there has been only one, with announcement of scheduled ship date time frame.  they never promised anything in january, which could have easily meant january 31st, so it's a 2-ish week delay.  boo-hoo, i think i will throw a fit and raise hell.  how dare a company startup fail so miserably. horse-hockey.  as backers we didn't buy something, rather we invested in a concept with a prospective reward and we aren't even in the race, just recipients of a commitment.  look at jolla/sailfish tablet backers.  they were bit in the shorts, and the symetium is struggling to even begin to reach it's goal of 1.25m with a paltry 75k in months.  neither projects were on kickstarter either.  i guess what i'm trying to say to some is, would you like some cheese with your whine?  git'r'dun @nextbit!  robin, robin, i pine for robin....but sweet is the wait for sweater is the taste.
some use vinegar in their communique whilst others try honey.  it's a choice one makes and then gets what they get in response.  weird how that works.  i was full of piss and vinegar once, i hope i have improved with age and a little wisdom, but i do take meds for anger/anxiety, so...carry on @nextbit...deliver a stellar delivery where others only dream or spew venom at the dreamers who try.  robin is delayed...did you push the wrong timer on the microwave?  oh, well, i'm sure your delivery will be worth a short wait, unless a recipient of the main course maybe is full of guile to begin with...carry on, carry on.  distracters may disregard this post. or...ctfd.  it's your choice. life, a cadre of choices.
@mark or whoever you tend to be or mimic  . .  you have right to your views as much as i have rights to mine. .  don't like what i say without pointing fingers here to any backer(s) then just read on!  maybe others here have similar thoughts or experience - obviously you don't! but now you have made this comment personal ok - i have your number and i suggest you grow up soon!  you don't like it - then hump it ok!
@iverson i was backer number 776 on this project i investigated it thoroughly it before i invested. three different news sources that i read android authority, techspot, and zdnet all did stories on nextbit. the people that work and designed this phone all have great pedigree  either working for htc or google or android. i do not invest normally in kickstarter projects but i believe  in this one so i did. just because you invested in a bad co. doesn't mean nextbit is going to be the same, many kickstarter have delays and changes from what i have read. nextbit has been forthright and forthcoming even when the news is somewhat disappointing. they should be given kudo's and supported not criticized.
@iverson tail hurt boi? nobody wants to go near a crybaby. rage on,, and attack anyone that criticizes you . you are going to be busy.
there will be no changes to the phone until the robin 2. suggestions are great but will only be implemented for robin 2. not the one we will receive in feb.
@mark - take a hike and enjoy your card blanche life you have ok - stay away from me!  @joel, you should be so lucky your bread is buttered different than mine - enjoy only while it lasts you!
@daniel to be honest i'm not sure that i like the touch to unlock that some phones are using. on my iphone 6s plus sometimes i just wanna see recent notifications, but the phone unlocks so fast i can't see them. it goes straight to the home screen on the slightest touch. i've had to get used to pressing the sleep/wake button to see notifications. it's more convenient to press and hold to unlock with a press to see the lock screen
sorry, in my last message i meant to say, "just touch the sensor and it goes on".
@nextbit, hearing from many users of new phones with fingerprint sensors, such as nexus 5x and 6p, saying that they love the fact that you just just the sensor and it goes on, no need to push a button. i highly suggest you allow it to work without having to push the button. if you worry about battery life, then have it as an option that can be turned on. it's one of those things that people really seem to like, and would be great to have especially given the lack of auto wake and doubletap to wake type features.
@jordan. thanks for that. i wish i woulda chosen the electric now seeing a more complete prototype. it's really nice!
if you want a good look at the electric, look here: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
but how beautiful is the electric ??? twitter can see very well in the past . i did , indeed , a great choice!!! :-)
i love your commitment to getting product out on schedule, but as i am sure many of the backers will probably agree, having a quality product is almost as important, if not more so.  missing the schedule date by a month or so, to me, is 100% acceptable to fix problems or make sure things are ready.  don't rush it out the door just because you said january.
@nextbit: seeing a few reviewers complain about the power button being too recessed for their comfort. trust you'll ensure it is raised well enough in the production version, for users to switch on / off easily.
look at the positives. we're going to get a polished device and the robin takes great photos so far.
@peter: i think delay after delay is a little dramatic. there is one delay that is applicable just to the early backers, no? the target date for everyone else is february and that is what was originally promised. i think you are entitled to reach the 'not much different than ubik' conclusion when we've been waiting for months and months. as it stands, if nextbit delivers mid feb, they'll still only be 15 days or so behind schedule, and then just for the early backers (of which i am one). give them a chance before you lump them in the same boat as ubik.
@iverson  u can whine and moan, but it really doesnt matter all your going to do is annoy people. you are not getting you're money back.
@praveen & martin - to each their own view and take on this.  your outlook seems upward!  i for one am tired of delays after delays ..  i have msg'd nextbit twice with still no feed back yet -  so yes, in my view they are not that much different than ubik.  i'll give you the fact that ubik is the lowest scum there may be but that does not mean others can or should tread the waters of ubik! @stefan - stay after them!    rip
@nextbit, when you say 16th february, does that mean you will start shipping on 16th february or arriving the week of 16th february? also, what courier will you be using and will it be tracked? thanks in advance!
@peter iverson the units you hear about currently are not final production, we're using our latest dvt units for press reasons at ces. @shane mobbs following up about this in a message! @amir ali golbazi you really do get 100gb in the cloud. we are backing up what's on your robin to the cloud every chance we get, which means what's on your phone is also in the cloud. this means robin will act as though it has 100 gb of storage (maybe a little more) but only 32 gb of stuff can be stored locally (on the internal memory). @others we are working a timeline for cdma models. please stay tuned for updates! thanks so much for your patience.
@trenton bedsoe the cdma variant robin (works with verizon and sprint bands) is the one you're looking for, by the way.
@nextbit i bought the robin and i just want to make sure that the robin that i ordered will work with verizon. thank you
@nextbit i bought the robin and i just want to make sure that the robin that i ordered will work with verizon. thank you
@nextbit i wasn't able to order a sheep mascot with my backerkit, but still want one. how long are they gonna be available to order?
@creator just a question: how are the pre-orders going?
@peter not the first time you are jumping to conclusions. is ubik created by people with as high reputation in the industry? has ubik toured the world to let people use the product? have they appeared on many interviews and discussed the product? are they as transparent? answer to all of the above: no. it's a small setback for great reasons. not anything one could say about ubik.
not that im not disappointed, but delays happen.nexbit will get us the phone when its ready and not before. which im grateful for
@peter - no chance. nextbit is no ubik. they are a company with great folks from google/android, htc etc. and are backed by some of the best vc firms including google ventures. see this: https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/nextbit-systems
what if we are within the first 1000 backers but requested cdma version? if we change our backer kit response to accept gsm will we get it in the first batch in february?
folks -  another set back for getting out the robin as you have seen in update #21!  with that, this whole thing here with the robin is not that far away from the ubik uno also here on kickstarter.com in which some 766 backers are mad to the core.  brace yourself for the ride of your life. . .  check out ubik uno here if you are not a backer and you will see what i mean ..   i am sensing the same could happen here - delays or excuses continue to be the "hall of fame" here on kickstarter.com!   rip
http://finance.yahoo.com/news/coolest-smartphones-ve-never-heard-025439073.html consumer reports did an article on the robin
we're getting closer...
i need a new phone so bad, this wait is killing me. appreciate the transparency though! :d
i hope this will be the last delay.  good luck!
oh noes, delayed? sounds just like every other kickstarter project. at least it will give nextbit some more time to show off the robin during ces 2016, which i hope you guys will upload plenty of videos for. i hope you guys make a lot of connections there, just try to stay away from the booth babes. i'm of course talking about all the waterproof, led-infused wireless speakers you see at every single booth. looking forward to my robin! it'll be a nice lunar new year gift.
although i'm ready to toss my s3 into the ocean i can always wait for a quality finished awesome phone. thanks for keeping on it!
bummer, but oh well
i'm just a bit disappointed but guys... robin its just awesome. be patiently, everybody want it as soon as possible but we also want a great product ;)
ufffff ;0(
no outrage but damned, i'm a bit disappointed. we're really waiting for it:)
@night1505 - looks like things have changed since i last had to do it.  good to know!
@a. s. i'm not only a verizon customer, but also have a phone that uses a microsim (samsung galaxy s5). i called verizon customer support to see about getting a nanosim for the robin, as it's getting closer to the ship date. i simply cannot say enough good things about my experience doing so. the rep asked me what the phone was i was planning to get and i said, "the nextbit robin". she looked it up and said, "yep, this takes a nanosim, so you'll need one of those. we don't charge you for that, and we ship it free. where do you want me to send it?" so now i'm sitting on a new nanosim just waiting for a robin to put it into. seriously, it was that easy. she said that when i get my robin, just call verizon and they will deactivate the old sim and activate the new one. should be about as painless a transition as a person could ask for. hope this helps.
cue righteous outrage over two-week time line slippage in three... two... one...
@nextbit so, that begs the question of what exactly "later in the year" means for those of us with cdma carriers. i've never expected to get the robin before february, but now i'm wondering if it will even be march or april before i have a cdma robin in hand. please, please offer a cdma timeline so that i may reasonably adjust my expectations.
@sean perez 99.9% no, that would not make any sense, althought it is suspicious that they specifically called out the gsm models... i would say it is more likely that you get yours even later than the gsm models
oh and thanks for the updates and hard work!
@nextbit - the update seems to focus on the gsm model exclusively...is there a further delay for the cdma version or will that go out at the end of february as well?  secondly, will verizon/sprint know what to do with these phones once we have them (in terms of activation, etc)?  i've had many issues with those two about getting phones up and running on their networks and it would be nice if you could take as much of it out of their hands as possible...
what if i am an early adopter that opted for the cdma variant. will i get the phone in jan?
@nextbit just read the phonescoop article. wondering if the combined storage is 100 gb + 32gb onboard? “the raw hardware has 32 gb of storage, but that's not the way nextbit sees it. it is telling buyers of the phone that it has 100gb of storage — 32 on the phone and 68 in the cloud.” thanks & have fun in ces!
circle february 16th on you calendar's everybody http://www.theverge.com/2016/1/6/10723750/nextbit-robin-release-date-shipping-ces-2016
@nextbit i think it would be great if you guys could put a package of approved usb c cables up for purchase in your store
if you dont like the bumps get the bruises case. personally i just want a case thats going to protect my phone from drops,
@peter - anyone is free to take a close look at the robin at ces 2016. :) that's where phonescoop would've got a chance to try the robin. you could see some folks taking pictures of the robin at the nextbit booth on periscope today.
@peter they are at ces showing of the phone.
@creator here  -  with what praveen said and posted . . . .  what is this?  please tell us backers here that the robin is not being sidelined to some off-the-street passer bys?   this is what i pulled off the phonescoop  -   hands-on with the nextbit robin today, 11:50 am   by eric m. zeman   @phonescooper backers have 100% priority first - this meaning the grubby robin in our hands before a rendezvous is graciously shared with another party!   advise all of us about this asap - thanks in advance!
@sam - i agree with you and i msg'd nextbit and told them not to include the bump case in shipping out the robin to me!  either provide me with a smooth (normal) case or scrape the all together!
phonescoop got their hands on a robin. http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php…
gotta say i'm not really feeling the prototypes of the bumps case in the latest update. it looks like those holes are just asking for all kinds of pocket lint, dust, and all manner of unmentionable liquids to worm there way in there and dirty up my beautiful robin! i also noticed that bumps doesn't cover the top of the phone like the other two cases. i don't really have a strong opinion about that but i imagine some people will be upset. now i'm wondering if those pictures are indeed the final design or if there's still some things to work out. either way, happy new year and looking forward to my robin!
it's always a good idea to stock up on usb c cables. amazon has a $3 off coupon on a 5 footer and a 3 footer, making them $7 and $6 respectively after the coupon. they're from techmatte and approved by googler benson leung so you know it meets spec. http://www.droid-life.com/2015/12/29/deal-usb-type-c-cables/
i second vaujour!! @nextbit what is the sar value ?
does robin have support for over-the-air radio?
개발자님~ 안녕하세요! 저는 한국에 거주하는 김소은 이라고 합니다 이렇게 창조적인 로빈 폰을 알게 해주심에 감사드립니다. 그런데요 초창기 보다 현재까지 환율이 많이 올랐네요ㅠ~ㅠ,,  앞으로도 환율이 오르고 있네요;;  비자카드 결제는 언제 하면 될까요?
로빈폰을 빨리 만나고 싶네요^~^  그래도 2월달에 출시가 되는 소망을 갖고 기다리고 있습니다ㅎㅎ nextbit모든 분들께~ 수고하심에 언제나 감사드립니다~ 꾸벅,꾸벅
i was wondering where i can get the casings and screen protectors other for the robin other than through the survey. will the cases be available once the phone is shipped or do i have to wait until it's released? btw, loving the updates that you guys are doing. keep it up!
and also if there is 60fps 1080p?
does anyone know how many fps 4k recording will be on robin?
i don't know if it has already been asked but what is the sar for the robin?
thanks noor ahmad
http://www.tomshardware.com/news/nextbit-robin-cloud-based-smartphone,30848.html @everyone brand new video of robin :) #hype
when the robin comes out i will be very happy. like lars and feefee  i had to buy a phone  to carry me. my wifes sony  t ultra hardlocked so  she  got my lg g4. then my daughters 4 year old sony sp died [though the way my daughter treated it was a miracle it lasted as long as it did] so she got my asus zenfone 2[ despite what some folks say that is a pretty good phone]  one of my favorite features was that it had pclink which works like chromecast and u can mirror your apps to your tv or pc through wifi or usb. anyways , i ended up with a nexus 6 which is decent , but i will be overjoyed to get my robin.
@feefee join the club, i shattered mine in october... we're in the final month though, we can start counting down the days!
i'm in desperate need of my new robin i just shattered my phone screen
nextbit has clarified re. raw. -quote- not abandoned, just a question of timing. it is important for us and it will happen. -unquote- :thumbs up: source: https://mobile.twitter.com/rebelleader/status/682830420644376576
@emirely nextbit doesn't need to do anything. they have been forthright and upcoming and will tell you when they are damn well ready.
@kuot thilk,  i know exactly how you feel. the closer we get the more anxious the waiting becomes. i am fortunate enough to be an early backer so i expect mine will ship the end of this month (likely during the weekend of the 29th).  of course it will take a while to get to me so it may actually be mid - feb before i get my hands on it. right now that seems very far away.  oh well,  what can we do other than wish everyone a happy new year and all the best in 2016.  cheers...
the closer the shipping date, the more excited i become, the more i think about it, the slower the days become, the more impatient i get. it is a vicious cycle. i'm so keen even though mine doesn't come till february. but still :d
so it is officially january 2016, which is the shipping month for the first thousand early backers (almost 28% of the total backers). nextbit,  did you get the fcc approval? you also need to announce a firm shipping date at this point, fewer than 30  days are remaining. thank you!
@nextbit - please comment on the situation w.r.t. raw when you can.
while i personally have no use for raw, it'd be great if nextbit can keep us posted about spec changes.
thank you @nextbit for working so hard for us!
i just saw on twitter that raw capability has been removed?  that's pretty disappointing considering it was a key feature listed in the camera specs and is one of the main reasons that led me to back this project in the first place.  are there plans to enable this feature in the future or has raw been abandoned? https://twitter.com/nextbitsys/status/682290222760112129
@praveen that's great! thanks for sharing.  also, song that's been stuck in my head - goo goo dolls' rebel beat...  trying to figure out the culprit, oh wait...
and, now, a video shot on a robin... looking good! :) https://www.instagram.com/p/_8p-hunmma/
@nextbit can the photo backup be turned off.? i'd prefer google photos.
@kuot kickstarter automatically resizes all photos that get posted to the main page or updates. you are right, that photo has been down sampled.
hey, does anyone else think that when they upload the photos for kickstarter it gets downscaled? because i feel like the resolution is a bit low for what is supposed to be a 4k capable camera, or maybe it's just me. not a bash at nexbit, just curious
awesome update guys! it is inspiring how hard you work on getting the robin done!
lowlight photo in update 20 looks pretty nice!
complainers are gonna complain ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ oh well. let them waste their breath.  @nextbit your crushing it! keep up the stellar work. couldn't be any more excited over here.
so much butt hurt over a charger color, chill out people
@bibin  nextbit talked about the color change in their last periscope.  they stated that when they paired the mint charger with the phones, they found it just didn't look good with all the color's of the phone.  they moved to grey because the grey charger will be neutral enough to look good with the phone colors.  again though, as it was stated before, the charger is a stretch goal so the fact we are getting it is great enough.  i agree that we all are entitled to our opinions and can voice them freely, but we should also be mindful that this is kickstarter and things will change mid production.  better to be changed than cut off completely.
guys .. @nathan thanks for upholding the true spirit of this platform . @others , the color mint for the charger was stated by nextbit & none else (this is in one of the starting posts by nextbit) . the point i wanted to make was nextbit did not convey the message , they even did not say it in the video that the color was changed (or at least i didn't listen ) . we had to deduce the same from the video that the color was changed. the least they could do was to say " hei guys , we think its best to keep grey rather than mint color , for the charger . so changing it ". this was expected of them from me . anyways keep calm and wait for the gem to reach us,  my loyal moto x is dying and i hope it will withstand till i get robin on my hands . happy new year by the way to all rebels.
@nathan while i do agree that people are entitled to their own opinions, and have the right to be upset, calling nextbit "dictatorial," or complaining about "broken promises" isn't fair.
i wish oem activation of windows was as easy as this nextbit robin project .entered key a few times then had to call microsoft. the number for activation  was incorrect on the activation page so had to google it. i got a live person unfortunately that was clueless. they said i had the wrong sequence of numbers . i hung up on them and entered the numbers about 15 more times and finally got validation. nextbit unlike microsoft is forthright and walks us through the process. i wish every co. i had to deal with was as easy as they are. i would deal with noone else if it were plausible.
i'm fine with any and all decisions nextbit makes. it is their product, and they want it to succeed far more than we do. that being said, though i don't agree, people are totally entitled to be upset about changes in a product they thought they were getting.  everyone needs to lighten up.
it'd be interesting to know how many backers have switched to / from midnight, after the change in shade.
you tell 'em, @mark
blah ,nextbit has done a great job for backer's and have walked us through the process with generous amounts of updates. i've already stated my opinion about the malcontents.so i will just reiterate that nextbit has my full support and that im not concerned about when i will get my phone, because i know nextbit is going to take there time and send the best product  possible. cheers to nextbit and the supportive backers!
@bibin and even if it hadn't been a stretch goal, nextbit shouldn't have to consult with everyone to do something as basic as changing the color of a power brick. they let everyone know about their decision through a periscope, and they didn't even need to do that. this isn't "dictatorial" because nextbit is its own company. yes, they communicate with backers for their opinion, but they shouldn't be required to run every minor decision like this by us before finalising. also, think about the fact that nextbit will contiue long after this kickstarter (it is, after all, called kickstarter) and you have to think about how desisions like this will benefit them in the future. by having a nuetral color, they can be cirtain that no matter what color future robins will be, they don't gave to worry about making different color chargers. first world problem!!
@bibin if you scroll down in the comments, you'll see there was a big fuss about this already. but to put it basically, you were never promised the charger to begin with, as it was a stretch goal. when they said we'd be getting one as a stretch goal, they never promised that it would be mint, they just updated us with the fact that the current mind set was that the charger would be mint. when they have multiple colour variants, and more colours to come in future, it makes very little sense to have a mint charger. it would leave the majority of people who didn't get a mint phone scratching their heads as to why the charger looks ridiculous next to their phone. it's not cost reduction, it would cost the same to have all mint chargers. it's common sense.  you are still getting everything you were promised, the design is just as fresh as it's always been. i don't understand how you feel wronged? you're right though, it was a dictated decision... and rightly so. there was absolutely no need to prolong the process and have a vote over such a minor design decision. please don't look at it so negatively, and look at the bigger picture here. nextbit have communicated well with us so far and the fact that we were updated with the original plans for the charger colour was a good thing, throwing it back in their face when they have changed their minds about it (with good reason) offers no encouragement for them to keep updating us like they have been.
hei nextbit...hope you guys are enjoying hols.. i had a chance to catch up with some of the latest developments and got to know that the charger color was changed without any heads up .. i was rooting for the mint color for the charger just as much i liked the color of the phone. now , when i speak for myself , i backed this project because, it looked cool , design was refreshing and something i hadn't seen before & backed by promising software . most of my vote went for the design. i have a feeling that nextbit went for grey owing to some sort of cost reduction!?  when i picture my mint robin with grey charger , it just doesn't match. i tried but , sorry they really don't go along. is mint still the mascot color ??? another concern i have is how casually they expect us to succumb the fact that they changed the color without any intimation or a vote . it almost feels dictatorial. i hope nextbit will realize that this project is just as personal to us as to you.
happy holidays rebels!
@lars: that's correct. you can use a launcher of your choice, though. @chris: i am sure they have thought about this, as they are confident about shipping end-jan. it doesn't have to take many months. here's some info: http://www.agiletestgroup.com/site/fcccompliance.html
@ lars scroll down to watch the latest video posted by yvonne it shows exactly what u will get.
merry christmas folks
so i was reading a bit on the reddit page and came across this: https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3x4hsc/nextbit_launchers/ so there will be only one version of the launcher? does this mean we won't have an app drawer?
@emirely  thank you, that is what i have been saying... that process alone can be u 3 months from what ive read... nextbit please update on this
did robin pass fcc approval? they can't ship it in the us by late january if it they didn't apply for fcc yet!
dunka jürgen k,
@dennis nextbit confirmed in a comment (sept/oct) that robin will support aptx.
no way to search on this forum.  i was wondering if it's ever been mentioned if bluetooth on robin will support apt-x (low latency)....just curious more than anything.  git'r'dun nextbit.  i read a few posts and see people already getting antsy.  late january early backers, not jan. 1st.  count on by jan. 31 and if you get it a few days early to that, be happy that you got it in january as originally stated.  and on another note, any changes in design will be announced before shipment i'm sure.  remember we are backers first and buyers second.  enough said.
@nextbit any update on t-mobile's band 12 compatibility?
@abe hit the nail on the head.
btw, rebels, fyi: their timeline, on their campaign concerning the robin's shipments are following as per schedule. they updated that they got their dvt units, which was projected for december. please be patient with them. they are working hard to make sure the robin is a beast phone with killer software. remember, we rather not receive a shoddy software because of consumer demands. there's a company that did that and look at their forums. it's filled with complaints of crapwork done on the phone's os, etc... :)
and shane
thank u mike for saying what i'm thinking
@nextbit great update! thanks for working so hard to get us our robins! can't wait�
@nextbit, we all enjoyed and appreciated the latest update, as always, even though nobody said so
@martin ah yes you are right, i read the article stating they were opening the india facility and that eventually was replaced in my brain by they are in india haha. should have remembered a that given foxconn's place in the industry.
@chris nextbit is going with foxconn for production which is chinese based. i have read about them opening factories in india but don't know if they have done this yet.
@mik per i believe the plant they are going with for production was in india? not positive, great point though
just curious, has production lines been finalized and or started? as i understand china basically shuts down for 10 to 15 days in january for chinese new year. i'm hoping that you can stick to your schedule. sorry but i'm anxious to get my paws on the robin
@nigel perry  they are locked now, but they will not be charged to your payment choice until they are shipped.
@nextbit could you confirm please when the accessories will be invoiced, as i think it was originally the 4th december then moved to 12th december! but im yet to be invoiced. can you shed some light please.
soon the pressssioussss will be mine!
where is the update?
inb4 the power went out again
whatever that was their latest video and it looked like final version. my apologies.
more than a week without update... come on !!!
update 15 even had a first video of them working.
@casualt that was is not the production model. the question was asked and answered before. the final phones that will be shipped will have the leds on the back
i have a problem. that latest video that was posted did not have the cloud leds on the back of the phone. am i now to assume that this has been changed as well? please answer creator. thank you
i'm not sure how the frequencies work exactly and how they are added to phones. i understand it is aws-1 compatible as of right now, but will the robin be aws-3 compatible?
@yvonee ty for the link
@all, this is nextbit robin hands on & detailed walk by mobilegeeks https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@nextbit does shipping include tracking?
awesome, ill get it by my birthday in feb!
one more month!
@nextbit yay for january!
@nextbit  in your coming update, please advise as to any fcc licensing status or info since i still don't fully know what it is haha, but still the ubik kickstarter page is full of ppl only talking about the delay it has caused and seem ready to burn down ubik headquarters... so some info on that would be nice!  keep up the great work!
hey rebels! a lot of you have been asking about an update on schedule. we actually had a meeting yesterday to go over what it's looking like. we're super excited to let you all know that we're still on track to send out early adopter specials by late january. more details to come in an update later this week :)
@hari  as i understand it, the nextbit's port is usb-c 3.0, but the cords we are getting are only usb 2.0 cords, so you will have to buy the 3.0 cord yourself from somewhere else, the charging brick i am not sure if it utilizes the usb-a or usb-c prong for its connection, does anyone remember from the last periscope if the cord had 2 c-ends or 1-a and 1-c?
@mark: haha. to be fair, many are likely 1st time backers who don't fully understand how kickstarter projects work. imo, we can count on team nextbit to make the right decisions. even if you are skeptical, simply look at their credentials and the fact that this is their 1st big launch and you can be certain they'll want to positively disrupt the market, both with their hardware and vision for limitless storage.
dont know why people here are so bothered about changes in color and a small change in the charger..remember who they are and their background..they have much more experience in building phones and building successful ones..they know what they are doing..i am with nextbit..they know whats best..i trust scott..mike on their decisions.. cant wait to get the phone!! one question though..is the nextbit charger same as the one given with the nexuses..apart from the usb a in the nexbit one..are they both usb c 2.0??
what praveen said if after you get the phone and don't like it return it or sell it on ebay. or do what i do pass it off on my kids or wife.  this was my first and only kickstarter. glad it was nextbit, but never again. some of you are great.the rest reminds me of why i dont shop at walmart.
my 2 cents: the charger is a bonus - a gift for meeting a stretch goal. imo, nextbit isn't obligated to give us one in a specific color. it is true that non-backers will have to pay for the charger but in that case, they can choose to buy this or go for something else in the market. the charger (or its color) couldn't have been a big decision factor for most backers, although we might have looked forward to meeting the stretch goal and getting it for free. we don't get to decide the charger color for the wider market. on the midnight color change, nextbit has offered their reasons and it is clear that a number of people don't like the change. however, it is unclear if anyone outside of nextbit has had the chance to look at both midnight v1 and v2 in person to offer their opinion as to what exactly has changed. it is very difficult to make out the real-world appearance from photos and videos, owing to lighting and display factors. in the event that some backers don't like any of the final colors, the options are to check with nextbit about: cancellation (if your opinion is that strong) or their return policy (you can judge the color in person before deciding)
@jordan nicely put, echoing several others. kickstarter has somewhat of a meaning problem in general plus some pretty bad press with high investment projects collapsing lately. fundamentally it provides a value proposition based upon what they would like to achieve and ship to investors. this inevitably generates an amount of novelty and hype because they have to, to market their offering, even with their vast experience within this industry and proven track records. the fact is they are doing something new: new partners, tooling, manufacturing processes, financing etc and in that first process of shipping a phone there are going to be a lot of unknown unknowns that crop up. its simply part of the development process and we're lucky enough to be involved in. people are used to buying phones from established firms that have solved all these unknown unknowns and translate that experience and expectation onto startup nexbit, within a kickstarter context which in my view is unrealistic expectation. they want to ship the best experience, product and service they can and i'm sure they don't take any decisions about, colours, materials, finishes etc lightly and they know it will disappoint as i'm sure it's disappointing for them too. they are doing it because like jordan said, they have to as an operating business with constraints on a journey doing something new with our investment, not established company product purchase. looking forward to getting it soon!
i bought a phone not a charger and all i care about is how the phone looks. keep up the great work nextbit!
wooo!....guys, its just an opinion that change wasn't communicated to backers..... for those who are telling, there will be changes in plan, yes i do agree....there is every right backers can comment on if you like the change or not....everyone paid for whole pack, not jst the cloud feature of phone....will u agree if u are jst provided with some random phone (ex: moto g) with robin custom os features....no right! everyone backed robin for whole pack, for all its uniqueness...color, features, etc;. so there is every right to know and comment on it! backers are communicating to nextbit team about their opinions, its upto nextbit to consider them or not...so make your opinions to nextbit not to other backers opinions!
wow i thought i had proofread my post despite the tiny edit box on my phone. apparently i missed the slightly wrong "i can wait until june if the get robin ruined..." sigh. i of course meant "tuned"! lol sorry. @jordan and @stefan have also hit the nail on the head here with their comments. this phone will be awesome no matter what colour it is!
@casualt cry cry. you just don't stop. lol
wa  wa, and cry me a river. what nextbit promised was a phone that was different in the manner that it saves data. they are doing that.everyone should know prototypes are going to be different then the final production model. kudo's to all those that are supportive.
@adam a. yes the renders, were mint. they weren't a promise, only a speculation.
@jordan collins great comment.
@anyone complaining about the charger. yes, nextbit is personally trying to mug you off. they can see what you want, tease you with it, then take it away because they feed off your tears... come on, seriously, get a grip. it's really painful to see when comments go sour over such little non-issues.  nextbit is using kickstarter to try and bring their concept into existence. it's a business plan. the goal is to slide their product into as many pockets as possible without burning unnecessary cash and trying to minimise potential, future negative feedback about the product. in other words, making the best product they can, as a *business*. when the decision to pick a charger colour crops up and the options are:  a: one colour that looks nice (for some) but doesn't work with all of our current colour range and most definitely won't work with future colours, so people will inevitably say "wtf is this shit". cost = 1"  b: multiple colours to match all phone colours. cost = 10" c: neutral colour which doesn't look hideous next to any of the colour choices. cost = 1" as a business, it's obvious option c is best. surely you can see that?  they can't cater every aspect of the phone for everyone and i'm sure the vocal few are in the very small minority here but you guys need to stop thinking that their business model begins and ends in kickstarter. they've given us plenty of rewards, at their own cost, for helping them reach their goal. what they're tweaking now will not take away features from us, it will not make the product and experience any worse, it's just being adapted and realised for the bigger picture. any previous post about charger colours etc has just been them informing us of their current thinking... y'know, keeping us in the loop. that's a cool thing, not something you should throw back in their face if they decide to change it.
a few things that indicates most people don't read. first i was never under any impression that i was getting a metal backed phone a la iphone for 400 dollars. i knew from the info that it was plastic with a metal spine. that didn't work in the design test units so now it's all plastic. you won't even be able to tell the difference.  second. it's kickstarter not an apple store. we backed them so they could proceed with their concept. it's awesome so far. i knew there would be changed as this process proceeded. no one here should have had the impression they were buying a complete ready to buy phone. as it says on the front of kickstarter "kickstarter is not a store". if you thought you were buying a black phone you could customize you came to the wrong place. nextbit had been more than generous with colourway options and modifications knowing they can't make everybody happy. third. it's a charger. no one is going to judge you because of its colour. i'm happy if it charges the phone. crying that it went from mint to grey is hardly a deal breaker. i gave them money knowing there would be changed as this came to life and at the end i'm expecting a functioning android phone with cloud storage. if you're that upright over a phone you're likely going to be disappointed no matter what you get. i can't wait for january. but i'm also willing to wait until june if it means they get robin ruined the way they want it before presenting it to the world. they've been more than forthcoming with information for such a small team. grow up and let them build their project the way they need to so we all get something great that others want to buy in the future. you only get one chance to make a first impression and the nextbit team had made a great entrance so far.
yes a charger does stay in the wall, but it's a bonus for it to look nice also, i mean look at the oneplus chargers. people like that and it gets noticed.
@krish my point is, it's a wall charger. it is an accessory that charges your phone. it is tucked away. how can the colour possibly be of such importance? it changes absolutely nothing about the product. oh, did i mention it is juuuust a wall charger?  we invested money towards nextbit to enable them to realise their vision. and that is what they are doing and that involves them making changes and new decisions.
to people saying stop complaining about the charger. wasn't the renders of it in the survey in the mint color? the closer we get to january the more unwelcoming changes they make. being more yaap with every change. the back becoming plastic(pretty popular), plain dark charger(like every other phone). i hope i'm still impressed as i was in the beginning when the pledges stopped, when it arrives.
to sum up changes 1) sim tray 2) metal/plastic infused to plastic 3) charger block any others?  i can live with these because there's nothing i can do to change it now.
i know it's a bit late after backer kit but did someone comment about whether we can still change address? i will no longer be at the address specified on the backer kit.
this isn't a 'design your own phone/charger' contest. nextbit is a company, yes a business as well so of course they will try to max profit, only to re-invest it back into improving robin v2.0. you don't pledge on kickstarter without expecting changes, otherwise you would wait until february for their finished product and buy it from nextbits online store. it was only a prototype at the start, of course things will change, did you pledge for a fashion statement or to support their vision of seamless cloud storage and a united operating system? there are many other options out there, go for an iphone if you don't like 'plastic' phones (it was never metal to begin with). they have much more experience in the industry than all of us put together, cut them some slack, we are gonna get the best possible version they can come up with. and for gods sake, again who cares about the color of the charger block that you will see once a week behind your desk? sorry for the rant but it is getting kinda ridiculous.
@martin only the ks backers are getting it for free..those who are pre ordering have to buy it seperately..what about them..? @giacomo & casualt no one is donating money here..all are paying money to get the best out of it..if you are thinking it as a donation, u could have given the money without taking a reward back..unless it is like that, i cant agree with u..also everyone knows about the amount of risk they are taking when they pledge for the reward.. it doesnt mean we are not supporting nextbit..we are always with them.. this is a community where everyone have the right to raise their points..that is what make our community different from others..nextbit is doing a great job by maintaining it perfectly.. my only point is that, if nextbit can provide mint charger without any addition in cost, why should we keep quiet..i am not demanding anything..it was just a suggestion..waiting for nextbit to comment on it...!!
after reading about android l... just wanting to make sure that l will be available eventually, too.  {sorry to all that are upset about the color of the charger}
well well...what a shock....after we swallowed the fact that we are now getting a plastic phone, the new charger color is communicated after the deadline of the backer-kit....just so, that the people who decided to go with the mint color line because the associated color  of the charger can get disappointed one more time. i remind all of you that the mint charger was proposed in that color and there even was a debate on the matter as there were, at that time, already two color variations. if you scroll down to the comments you will see that nextbit hold it's ground when asked about a more neutral charger color to fit both. now, as there are 3 variants, we decided to change..why is that?? who in the community asked for this??? i watch the comments here every day so i know what i am talking about.. the same thing with the special sim card which is different than presented in the past. now it's gold as to look like s**t on all the color variants. why didn't you provide a special sim card with for example the word "backer" written or engraved on it ???? or maybe they are the same they give out for the gold iphones and the manufacturer had them in stock.... no mater the color it would have added more emotional value to the device as we are the ones that supported the project, and we are the ones that spread the word. yo need to realize that for the community, robin means something different apart for the rest, a process actively involving the people who have put in passion into this (remember the community color and ringtone selection) . this was never a question of a 50$ difference to another phone; you started of amazingly but now it's clear it's just business, profit, cost reduction and so on... it's a pity  to tell you the truth.... i am pretty sure that the finished product will not be even close what was presented to us at first;;;sorry to let anyone down, but that is my opinion
sigh just want to say...i personally don't have any opinion on the charger's colour but i do not really like midnight's colour change and its not something that stays in the wall. yeah i know we want the phone to be on time, but please know someone are feeling disappointed and are trying best to deal with the fact. not saying i want nextbit to do anything with the colour at this point but please people don't brush off every -ve opinion on the phone. that is sort of helping nextbit to close off communication. /_\
@nextbit team -- is it possible to change the address in the mid of january?  i would be in the current address until mid march. then i would possibly move to another country.   pls advise @nextbit - i hope i get my phone in february. fingers crossed!
as far as i am concerned the most important is to get the earlyadopters phones as promised late january, not mid february, late february or even later. if somme folks can wait, other cannot and the initial word sold was january, hope you can keep that word, trust you...and looking forward to be able to use it, very nice progress so far.
whatever ,nextbit wants to do ive waited this long im in no hurry. ive got me a zte axion pro to hold me over.
*time, not te
please do not waste time with the charger... gray is fine, the cable is still big and mint for all those looking for something to stand out, a mint colored charge was never "promised" to us in that update, it was just a rendering of what they are thinking, and they have decided to change that for understandable concerns. we do not want nextbit wasting te taking community polls on every trivial decision to made, it will delay those decisions by weeks...
exactly, well said giacomo. it really is just a charger, it could be hot pink for all i cared, we can use our own. i would rather much prefer time (especially at this point) went into improving any last aspects of the phone itself than the colour of the brick on the wall. for all i know nextbit could of shipped robin without anything like nvidia has done with their new shield tablet...
well said giacomo it's a charger people it stays in the wall.  i love the packaging.  really loving my choice of mint.  i'm hoping the bruises case turns out better. �
for people complaining about the charger, remember this: when you back someone on kickstarter, you aren't buying a product. when you donate money, all you are saying is that you support the creators. in return for your support you have the option of getting a "reward" that usually means receiving the finished product, whatever that may be. kickstarter is not a store, things are subject to change, and you took that risk the minute you gave your money. whether it be something as trivial as the color of a power brick, or even something major, it was still your choice to support the creators great ideas.
@nextbit that packaging is some fine craftsmanship. absolutely gorgeous! @otherpeople, really? gonna complain about the charger? remember, it was a stretch goal! it is a thing that is given to us, you did not buy it! it is a wall charger does it really matter anyway? its gonna sit in a wall socket..... lets focus on getting the best phone on the market! :)
@nextbit: plz take voting frm backer nd decide on color of charger and cable
very disappointed at the change in colours. first, midnight colourway, now the charger? ):
https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/004/555/182/7cdf6808623792314c1dfba14d3e299e_original.jpg… as per update 6...this was the color u promised fr cable nd charger
i am pretty sure that there will be less than 10% of the total backers who will opt for the grey colored charger..
@nextbit please give grey colored charger to only those who ask for it..for others, please provide the mint colored charger....!!
@nextbit the change in charger color doesnt seems to be that impressive..in fact it really hurts most of us..i don't think any of the backers have requested for this change..mint is the standout color for robin irrespective of the color choices of the phone..i myself went with electric..but, whether it be mint, midnight or electric, the mint colored charger would have been a great treat to watch..that would have definitely let robin stand out from others..now this dull grey looks almost similar to many normal brands available in the market...disappointed really..!! there might be people who totally dislike the color mint ( not just the charger color )..they will be the only ones who support this change..please don't go with them when the majority of the backers still prefer the mint colored charger..its a humble request on behalf of all the backers...!!
this change to neutral color (grey) charger wasnt communicated :(.....plz at least fr mint phones....include mint color chargers!!!
i think that's how many of us feel, we want a solid, finished product, not some phone that's still halfway in development. that takes time of course, so we'll just have to be patient!
i'm with robert on the time-period, although i'm also here everyday and charging my s2 twice a day :) . for the charger i don't care.
+1 for mint colored chargers!
i also think going more neutral is better - mint is an acquired taste both as a food and color? i agree with robert,  although i am not really waiting for it as i have decided to go with a nexus 5x and will give my wife the robin.
i actually am happy with the decision to move to a grey charger. i have midnight because i didn't like mint. i am happy with their decision to make it grey.
@nextbit, i second what robert said!  on a side note, i still prefer the charger be mint :(
(this post may not be popular) - @nextbit  i can't speak for anyone else, but i'd prefer the robin be ready & not rushed.  getting a almost completed phone in january with bugs versus a game changing champ in early february would be fine with me.  this is coming from a early backer that's very guilty of checking for updates daily here, twitter, etc..  so i'm beyond excited to get my hands on this phone.  just not at the expense of getting something half baked.  thanks for the weekly updates @nextbit, it helps with the anticipation.  merry christmas & happy holidays nextbit team!
@nextbit -  ok!
@nextbit: late january, that's too not certain...
@shane mobbs the gold sim tray is for for the early adopters, and the silver sim tray is for the other kickstarter backers. remember, you will also get the regular sim tray :) @paul mclaughlin not at this time. we'll pass the compliments on to mike! @peter iverson we're expecting late january for now, we'll provide more updates when we can @vipin b menon we wanted to make sure the charger matched up with all colorways
@oliver as per my understanding, the sensor is integrated in a physical button. when the phone screen is off, we will have to press it once to wake it up and then scan our finger to unlock..
@nextbit questions about fingerprint sensor. is the fingerprint sensor just a sensor or a physical button as well? also does the fingerprint sensor wake up the phone when you scan your finger? example when the screen is off and i place my finger over the sensor, will it scan and wake the phone? or do i have to wake the phone first?
@nextbit: color of wall charger changed from mint to grey? why why why!!!
periscope recorded ;) have fun https://youtu.be/0r2xq_qzny0
can anyone share the recorded link of periscope, please?
@nextbit - when are the shipments to the robin expected to start?  it seems there is still work to be done listening to the periscope presentation!  thank you!
@nextbit i understand that the camera software tuning is not complete yet.  i was wondering if you have a side by side comparison of photographs with other mobile phones? e.g. iphone 6 or oneplus.
@nextbit , mike's stand looks great, will it be possible to add it as an accessory to purchase from you guys?
@nextbit awesome and informative periscope! like your take on the packaging and boot up looks ace as well!
looks good
@nextbit i saw on the periscope there looked to be 2 special sim trays. a gold one and a silver one. how will we know which one we're getting? everything is looking good so far (other than the gold sim, but that's just my opinion). keep up the awesome work!
the packaging is looking incredibly nice! very premium! kudos to you guys, again, we're being spoiled here.
hey guys, here's the link to today's periscope: https://www.periscope.tv/nextbit/1ypkdzbzmnrjw available for 24 hours :)
can someone link it? my phone is broken unfortunately :(
@martin the periscope usually stays online for a day or two if i remember correctly, so you can still rewatch it afterwards.
someone gonna record the periscope? won't be able to tune in
@deniz that's a good question. i wonder if it'll need to be altered because of the change of material on the body.
@all, this may have been answered already, but did we ever get to see what the final design for the very special sim and special sim were? was the engraving idea abandoned? i don't mind a surprise in the box :-)
@almog the backers and early backers were charged oct 1st the accessories im not sure of , but i think it was dec 4th.
@khang i know i already paid for my robin.  was collected oct 1st.
@daniel lmk! if anything, could ship it over whenever we get it. def not looking for profit, just the orig backer price + shipping.
not much longer rebels!
almog - you get charged after the campaign ends, and you also get charged after things ship if you added anything extra in the backer kit.
someone here said that we are supposed to get charged only after shipping, but i have been charged after the campaign ended. which one is right?
@daniel, just wanted to give some quick summary on what it means to "tune" camera. a phone's camera has many hardware and software components. two key hardware components are the isp (image sensing processor) and the camera module (which houses the sensor, lens, motors for auto focus etc.). typically, these two hardware modules are manufactured by different suppliers. in the case of robin, isp is from qualcomm and the camera module is from a different supplier. on the software side, there is the camera driver, software modules such as 3a (auto focus, auto exposure, auto white balance), image stabilization, noise reduction and others. just as in hardware, these software modules are also supplied by different companies. all these hardware and software components were developed for a "reference" platform and hence need considerable effort to make them work together on our platform and produce good quality pictures. think of all these hardware and software components having multiple levers. tuning is to adjust these levers to achieve the best quality picture possible. the key challenge here is to achieve the right balance between these levers. for example, if you reduce noise too much, details will also be lost and hence a balance needs to be achieved and so it needs a lot of skill and is very time consuming. hope this explanation helps.
guys, don't forget to tune in to the periscope tomorrow! they'll be showing some of the packaging. if you can't wait, you can already get a sneak peek on scott's twitter, it's looking really good!
@phil lee, i may know someone who can take your spot, assuming that nextbit allows that.
@khang haha will def be under consideration if there are no takers!
@phil - that's too bad! you know, it's always nice to have a work and a personal device..heck, if you start showin' off your robin, the higher ups, might switch over :p
@all, bummed, but looks like i'll be to making my robin available to anyone interested/missed out on ordering another one. got everything recently tied to the corporate device. i ordered mint.
haha! i had a dream last night i woke up to a ups delivery and it was my robin. talk about dreaming of electric sheep. lol
@casualt @stefan @lars +1
you can still use the preorder to order a case and extra charger? after the lockdown date?
i wonder if it is too late to change the shipping address now after the lock-down date?
@daniel @shane indeed, software is possibly even more important than hardware. decent hardware with solid software will often outperform higher-end hardware with shoddy software. for example, compare the nexus phones with samsung phones. the nexus phones' hardware is nowhere near as good as the high-end samsung devices, and yet the nexus phones ron a lot smoother even after a good period of time, simply because the software is optimized so much better.
@daniel the software can do wonders for photo quality. many phones use the same sensors, but photos on some are better than others due to the processing software.
can someone explain to me, how they are able to "tune" the camera functionality? i mean, isnt the quality of the picture mainly the result of the harware (camera??). just wondering. cant wait to get my robin.. hope it wont get delayed too much...
@casualt @stefan +1
@nextbit, can we get some update on whats going on with shipping please? think a lot of us here are waiting for more info on that! cheers ;)
how about a timeline schedule??? are we on schedule to get our robins in january?????
pictures looking good!
picture samples in update 18. woohoo!
@nextbit woo-hoo thank you for the response :)  i'm super excited
@ adam a  yes they have confirmed they are still there, the model in the pictures are just pre-production models
@nextbit will there still be the 4 lights on the back?
just confirming, android auto will work with robin :)
i thought so,  just wanted to make sure though :perhaps. thank you everyone and @vipin for that bit of info :)
@andrew black and daniel: robin definitely gonna work with android auto...nextbit guys even showed a demo during bbq which happened in nov through periscope on honda car.
android auot should be compatible with android 5.x devices - http://m.androidcentral.com/about-android-auto-compatibility-check-website
i'm pretty sure it's baked into android at this point. i've not heard of a device with an unforked version of android not working with android auto recently. how well it works will be the big question. some handsets work better than others
+1 on @andrew black's question. would be great to confirm that android auto is going to work. if it doesn't work, i'll have to look for a new handset.
while i believe it's simply built into lollipop and newer versions of android, i'd just like to check...robin will be compatible with android auto, right?
@nextbit a couple relevant articles related to streaming media. http://arstechnica.com/business/2015/12/radioheads-thom-yorke-compares-youtube-business-model-to-nazi-art-theft/ http://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2015/12/how-the-internet-killed-late-night.html
well i got my pc  anyways low end gaming but it works amd 6300 128 ssd 500 gig hd blueray drive 16 gig ram 1600mhz enermax 1000 watt galaxy d powersupply and an nvidia 360 gt. in a thermaltake case with a 970 gigabyte motherboard. ill i  need is my robin.
@jonny  how are you just reacting to no backer survey now?
so i didn't receive a backer kit survey in my email, does that mean i'm going to get charged  without receiving the phone.
@davide i would imagine it to be hard to say a date at the moment as there still is quite some time before production even begins (given that everything is on schedule).
does anyone know the shipping date? it would be nice an early shipment!
@all sorry for the repeat messages #oneplusissues . january can't get here fast enough! again my apologies!!
@night1505 i was thinking the same thing.
@shane thank you shane for both your comments. much appreciated. @khang thank you.
@benjamin chambers i think he gets the idea... jesus man...
how about we get some kind of real update? 1) is shipping schedule on time if so what does that look like? 2) how is the camera software coming along? 3) how is the production going? are we on schedule? 4) ? and so on
@noor @shane - yes, the deadline was dec. 4th. the nextbit team has mentioned quite a few times that the deadline was early dec. it's a bit late now, but it's possible you could contact someone to help.
@nathan clark scroll way way down in this comments section you'll see it there
@nathan clark scroll way way down in this comments section you'll see it there
@nathan clark scroll way way down in this comments section you'll see it there
@noor i believe december 4th was the deadline for changing your survey. try contacting @nextbit directly
i was trying to change my survey but i cannot change the colour of the phone i initially selected. i assume we will have the opportunity to change this just before dispatch? i know you can go back onto the link provided but for some reason i can't seem to edit/amend the information.
"just by nature of where music is headed" - says a rebel or the man in the high castle?
@nathan clark scroll way way down in this comments section you'll see it there
@venkatesh we're looking to do more tours in 2016, stay tuned! @nathan when robin launches it will only do apps and photos it's true. this is because these are the most popular things on most people's phones and because of the way smart storage works. we need to leave something on your phone that reminds you whatever we archived is still available. the easiest things to address were things that only needed a thumbnail still. movies are the next thing we will address. since we already have our own gallery, addressing movies is still fairly easy (versus other media) because we are already using our own gallery application on robin. people tend to record far fewer movies than take pictures, but they do take up lots of space. however addressing music is complicated because we don't have our own music player, and the way music players are heading (spotify, pandora, etc) most music is being streamed anyhow. every minute it takes us to solve that problem it's a problem for fewer people just by nature of where music is headed.
@nathan i think this will only be the case initially, they will be working to increase what can be stored in the cloud, probably to a point where almost everything can be stored there.
@nathan clark scroll way way down in this comments section you'll see it there
i have read in multiple places that the cloud storage is only going to work with apps and photos, unlike the originally planned inclusion of music and videos.  however, i cannot find a single instance where nextbit talked about that change.  does anyone have a link to something official?
i wish there is a trip to india & the philippines
@nextbit - where's d nextbit team heading to?
@deniz: the colors are definitely different from the initial kickstarter colors. mint is a bit more whased out and looks almost as bright as the white (you can still see whats what though :)). mint is my color choice. the electric is almost black and the blue is very garish in comparison. i think midgnight changed for the worst: it lost its inital blue tone and now features a very purply dark, not as black as electric though. the two colors on the midnight seem almost equal and you can barely see the difference between top&bottom and the back. though i have to say it was really dark in this bar. all we had was the flash from our phone to take a look at the colors. heres the google translate link: https://translate.google.com/translate… its very dodgy though at some points. if people are interested in can rewrite the article in english.
@dennis nah, the older version of midnight has the mint volume buttons but the final colorway will have midnight volume buttons. all buttons on the mint colorway will have mint buttons.
@devin we will be charged only after shipping. nextbit have confirmed it in twitter..
@chris frank true. i don't really know much about the way this fcc stuff works but thanks for clearing it up. i hope that they have it ready in time for a mid january shipping date for all the early adopters.
rather, november 24th, cognitive impairment sucks...but i am doing better since meds were adjusted.  go nextbit.  git'r'dun!
@rebels found answer from @nexbit on november 23 or 26th in response to @darko.  so, i'm going to stay with it, but hope i don't regret getting mint. i guess i'm partial to getting an exclusive colorway as well.
hey guys are all buttons on both midnight blue and electric a mint-like color.  some shots show dark buttons on electric.  thanks!
i cant get page to translate to english using chrome.  any other suggestions?
@casualt thanks! i usually use safari, but have chrome installed as well.
@shane if you use google chrome there is a translation option...
@gero - great article. ive been trying to read up on some reviews on the models just because its so hard to get a true idea of what the phone (in particular the colour saturations of mint, midnight and electric) will look like from pictures alone. i`m leaning towards electric because the "pop" of the blue is what appeals to me. i was initially going for mint, but i feel the mint colour has been washed out a bit as it gets closer to production. what was your impression of these pre-final builds?
anyone know what time the payment will go into today?
@bailey  i assumed the fcc licensing was for mass production and sale to the public, or something affiliated with that.  their production models that they have started using wouldn't fall into that category... but like ive said i have not done my own research on this, just seen everyone on the ubik ks page throwing a fit and talking about searches for fcc licensing.  i searched both the licenses and applications and "nextbit" had nothing for either.  so either they are having their applications held back like shane suggested, are late with it (possibly needing the completed model), don't need one (because i still have no idea about any of this), or have something else worked out
@chris frank they must have fcc approval because scott, mike, and tom are all using robin as their daily driver.
@gero if only i knew german. :).
@gero.. vielen dank für deinen bericht.
guys, in case anyone is interested here are my impressions from the berlin event yesterday: https://roobooreviews.de/nextbit-event/
is there any way to sell/transfer an early adopter pledge?  i could no longer stand my oneplus one and bought a nexus 6p.  there is like a 0.01% chance i will give it up for the robin, especially given it will still be months before robin's ship.
@vipin, i've seen the leds work in person. it looks really great. it's possible that these weren't finalized and don't have the leds functional.
@chris frank regarding the fcc application, i know apple has the fcc hold their applications until specific dates to keep leaks at bay. not sure if nextbit is doing this, but that could be a possibility.
@noor go to the updates section and check out update 16. the one on the left is electric, midnight in the middle, and mint on right. hope that helps. :)
would someone be kind enough to tell me the different colours for the phones.. i'm a bit confused with difference between the midnight / electric thanks
so was checking up more on the fcc licensing thing that is just one of the delays with that ubik phone, searched at found no applications for nextbit yet, which makes sense as it probably requires a fully functioning model. however, many of the backers there are mad because that license supposedly takes a couple months at least (not sure about this, just what the ubik backers claim) and if nextbit doesn't have an applocation in yet, that would at least delay til february sometime for early backers... although i'm not too worried as i expect some delays. anyway any comment from ppl who know anything about this or nextbit would be nice. keep us informed! go nextbit!
@nextbit, i understand that camera is not yet ready..will we still make the january shipment? curious to know
@nextbit -- when does the production starts? or has it already started? @others -- i love reading comments on the dilemma to choose either electric or mint. i just love it. keep it coming guys :) :). enjoy the dilemma :)
@alex from what i've read so far google hasn't released the new keyboard/emojis to oems just yet. it will probably depend on when google releases it.
@nextbit with new emojis coming to nexus devices next week, will the robin to launch with this update? this will be my first android device and it would be a huge bonus if i didn't lose emojis over the change.
i'm gonna have to go for the mint, just because it looks good, and it best matches the software theme. also, it feels like it's the "stock" option.
i will be opting for the electric, even though the mint color is looking more and more attractive. reasoning being that this is a kickstarter exclusive color. midnight, although originally my first choice, de-saturated too much to the effect that it's no longer a blue'ish aura, rather that it's a dull grey, with hints of blue with very specific lighting and focal combinations. guys, it's already december. we are 1 or 2 months away from getting this sexy beast.
the exclusiveness of it was also what caused me to change. i  can always order another mint and pass the electric off to my wife, or daughter.
@mark i switched to a larger shirt as well. i ended up taking a t i already have and measured it.
@yoshi. check update 15. they explain why in that update.
@jordan thanks for that! i couldn't decide between mint and electric and that really helped. i love the way electric looks from the back, but from the front with a live screen the blue seems too bright for me. mint it is for me!
funny enough... i was dead set on electric because it's the one i put forward as a colour option but after seeing the fully constructed mint and midnight i was thrown back because they work really well. could only see the backplate for the electric so it was hard to imagine it as a whole so after thinking about it (a lot) i ended up going with midnight. here's a thingy i did to compare mint with electric though, it's a pretty shoddy photoshop job but it might help some of you out: http://imgur.com/aurphza
hey guys, do you have any information why midnight turned darker?
@mark and @dimitre well, you guys certain bolster my faith in my electric choice. something about exclusivity calls to me...
electric or mint?  still i don't have a solid decision! i'm afraid electric won't be ready by january.
i switched to electric. i also ordered a larger tshirt because they seem to run small.
@night1505 i did exactly the opposite--switched from midnight to electric after seeing the images. not sure but something makes me feel i did the right thing. ;)
@nextbit are the cases going to be available later for purchase? i had to back out out of the case because my computer is having issues and i had to buy a new one
has anyone here for sure switched from electric to midnight? i was dead set on electric, but my faith has been shaken ever since the last update. i'm just wondering how many others were "on the fence", and ultimately decided to forego the ks exclusive backer color for the uber-impressive and subtly striking midnight. thoughts?
a couple of photos of one of the meetups have been posted on facebook. @nextbit we see a guys holding a little black box, could this be the packaging robin will come in?
so the payments arent going through until the 4th?
@kua k.t unfortunately no cases were on show only the phones themselves. i've been midnight from day one purely because i'll be using it in work as well as socially and felt the mint would look too toy like - until i saw it in the flesh! it looks perfect and not at all toy like, just a really well thought out colour scheme that shows of the robin's design features perfectly. i'd be surprised if anybody is disappointed with their colour choice tbh!
@emirely the software calibration on the phone isn't even complete yet, so they will not have shipping dates yet. @nextbit i was recently at the ubik uno page observing their fiasco, and noticed they were having issues with fcc certification (as in it may take a couple months).  have you guys began that process yet? i really don't know anything specific so that might be a dumb question.
@paul was any of the 3 cases on show as well? i am so screwed; made my mind up to get the mint long ago, but the recent pics made me inclined towards the midnight...and i can't decide on the colour of the bumps case too - sky or midnight? good thing that the survey deadline has been pushed back..but it means i'll be changing my survey quite a few times till then i imagine ;(
@vipin, no worries at all! the phones (mint & midnight) both look and feel amazing btw!
@paul: awesome, tnks mate fr the update.
@vipin - scott confirmed that the holes for the led's are machined in afterwards and so were not on the pre production models they had with them in london.
@vipin - good catch, didnt notice that initially. probably because these are not production models but lets hear what @nextbit has to say.
when i changed my choice of color, i noticed the lock-in date is now estimated to be 4 dec - i thought to share that if it is not general knowledge.
@nextbit: pictures posted by "the verge". in those models, i don't see the cloud led lights at the back, are those removed too in the final build? or in hurry you weren't able to include it in those models? please confirm nextbit!
when will early bird backers get their robins?
long as i get my phone the date doesnt matter particularly except my wife wants my old phone or  a new robin.
please could you confirm the first shipping date for the early bakers?
@mnp. thanks for the link to the photos. after viewing them, i switch back to midnight from electric.
@nextbit, i understand that camera is not yet ready..will we still make the january shipment?   curious to know
@nextbit are there plans for an open api for the cloud features? if so, i think it would be really powerful if the community were to create a self-hosted cloud service that works with the robin. this would allow for locally expandable storage and more control over the user's data. also, will the data (apps, photos, etc) that is backed up using nextbit's service be encrypted client-side or at all? super pumped about all the work you guys are doing, i can't wait! thanks!
out of all the questions asked so far, i think the one we are all actually wondering is: why isn't it february already? anyone got a time machine? temporary deathlike state drug? cryogenic freezing chamber? something? wake me up when robin is ready. :)
@muji yes, we do support hotspot tethering :)
in fact these photos are way better: http://www.theverge.com/2015/12/1/9826314/nextbit-robin-cloud-phone-hands-on-android-marshmallow
@ jordan, mike here! had a really nice evening in a great venue plied with good beer and great food. @ nextbit, you really know how to sell a phone concept to me. i'm going to write up an article with my photo's in all sorts of varying dim lighting unfortunately, but will give you a better idea on colour variations. so quickly, like jordan said, the plastic back is absolutely not an issue but an improvement. i compared the metal/plastic infused back with the plastic back and the plastic is 100% the right choice. it gives it the perfect non-slip texture in the hand and gives it a much better overall quality finish as well as no difference in texture between the top/bottom plastic inserts and the main body. buttons feel crisp and high quality, screen is extremely bright and clear. no camera just yet though, its being developed in paris apparently. as for the midnight colour, it is really very nice compared to the original blue tone black. the original was indeed way too blue and they have now got this just right having compared both side by side. you guys will not be disappointed. i'll post another article up, as i said, showing further thoughts and all my images. thanks again @nextbit for visiting london...
@nextbit does robin come with hotspot tethering built-in?
the ui that was demoed last night was effectively an inverted version of the app drawer/home screens. the home screens are acting as your app drawer, containing all the icons for your applications (as seen in all the screenshots) and you are free to move them around and rearrange them as you see fit. if you then pinched to zoom off the home screens it displays a widget tray where you could arrange any widgets you wanted to have shown in the same way you would arrange these on standard launcher home screens. my gut feeling on this is that this setup could dilute the usefulness of the widgets as you have to perform an extra gesture to access what should be 'at a glance' information, but until i start using it every day there's no way to be sure. if you don't like that setup, scott said that they were supporting most other major launchers, including the google now launcher, so you can always just use that instead.
@nextbit: i remember in some video mike telling that there will be two ui's one app drawer and another without app drawer.  may i know y the plan of app drawer ui is scrapped out? jst out of curiosity want to know...cos i like the app drawer ui more....
@jordancollins thanks for update. it's good to hear that robin looks and feels as good as promised, although i never doubted the build quality from what scott has designed  in the past. for me i'm sticking with electric as it's a one off production and looks awesome. roll on january  :)
@vaujour - you should be able to charge the phone with a regular charging adapter as long as you have the appropriate usb type-c cable. @suraj - on the midnight, it will be the same color as the body.
@a.s. at this time, it's planned to be a harder polycarbonate on the center and then softer plastic around the edges. we're not finalized on this, so that's the most up to date info :) @giacomo cetorelli we're planning a us tour for next year. locations not finalized yet, be on the lookout for updates!
@nextbit i wish you would have an event in nyc! we are after all, the second most backed city, after your home town. please nextbit, please.
thanks for that update @jordan. i'm pretty sure i'm sticking with my original idea of mint now. i like the electric in pics, but my iphone 6s plus is space grey with a blue case. i think it'd be nice to have the contrast of the mint.
@nigel pictures weren't giving the phones any justice (the lighting was shit). i can safely say that they exceeded my expectations though and they're so much nicer in person. i went in thinking i was getting the electric but now i don't know any more... they're all so nice :'(. i completely ruled out midnight prior to this but the new final version is sexy. any doubts about the plastic and the build quality are gone and also the doubts about the lcd panel. it feels great, looks great and i think you'll guys be happy with any of the colours. mint - definitely the one you notice first. if you like attention, get it. everyone's expressions were like "woah" and i don't recall anyone calling it toy-like or tacky. the mint blue they went with is such a nice colour. midnight - far more subtle and in the lighting it definitely looked very dark. you walk over to a whiter light though and the blue kicks in. i didn't like how blue the original version got. they had both the older and newer versions there and the final colour definitely works better and that seemed to be a unanimous feeling there. electric - my baby... i feel like i gave birth to it and i feel like i should remain loyal but they only had the back plate there as they don't have a fully constructed version yet. it's got a bigger contrast than the mint and i think the screen will look edge to edge (when it's off) because of the black body.... but the blue is very, very blue. i'm struggling to imagine what it will look like from the front when it's all put together. everyone seemed to like it but seeing the final versions of the other 2 has thrown me out of my decisiveness. back to square one.... and such little time left to decide. p.s... the nextbit team were awesome. p.p.s.. mike! where you at?  p.p.p.s i'm a little drunk.
any chance someone took pictures from the london meet?... would be nice to see some.
@lars, great to chat with you tonight, good luck with the presentation tomorrow and keep the kids creating with lego!
hey nextbit. i remain a happy backer but scored an amazing deal on an galaxy s6, which suits my needs better. is there anyway to transfer my early adopter slot to someone here who wants a second phone or will i need to sell my robin when it gets delivered?
@nextbit - is the bruises case going to be more like an otterbox (i hope not) or just a solid tpu case?  hopefully you're able to answer this before the survey closes in the next 12 hrs.  can't wait for the phone.
thanks @chris frank. @nextbit, can you please confirm what the expected arrival date would be for the additional robin i added to my early adopter (first 1,000) order?
who am i going to be bumping into at the london meetup tonight?
@vajour you can still charge your phone with a regular charger, it will just take a bit longer. do bear in mind that the phone has a usb type c port.
can we charge the phone with a normal charger? or does it have to be a quick charger?
@daniel the 2nd phone willonly come with the cable, not the charger the at was an award for the kickstarter phones. so you will need to order another charger block if u want one. i would assume the 2nd phone would arrive in february with the normal batches, otherwise it would be unfair.
@jeremy the survey will be closed on 1 december, so i imagine we will be charged at some point close to that date.
when are we being charged for the optional accessories from the survey (case, screen protector, etc)? i'd like to plan things out right so i dont overdraw my account!
@suraj varma they will be the same colour as the device.
sorry if this question has been asked already. are the volume keys on the midnight blue device blue or black?
@mike or scott: guys plz make a periscope with latest build running on robin....u guys posted tat u r using it as daily driver....we r all excited to see software wrking on robin fully....please consider this request!!
hi @nextbit, i was one of first 1,000 early adopters. however, i am adding an additional phone ($349) in the kickstarter survey/form. firstly, what comes with the additional robin? does it come with a charging cable? does it also come with a charger? secondly, would i receive both phones together? or would the additional robin arrive later? and if so, how much later could i expect it?
@casualt how awesome would it be to have our robins the first day of the year... but i don't think it's happening, they said january, so that's a whole 31 days they have to deliver, so don't be disappointed if it doesn't arrive in the first week. that said, i too am curious whether you guys are still on schedule!
@nextbit are you still on schedule for january 1st 2016? thank you
@jan-willem - if the tube behaves itself, you should make the last few minutes! i'll do my best to keep team nextbit talking! :-)
@paul mclaughlin i know, flying into city airport so might work. expected the event to end a bit later though... we'll see!
@jan-willem touchdown at 20:00 - it'll be pretty tight for you! which airport are you flying into?
the best option will be to use rooted stock rom so that we can enjoy all the features including cloud services provided by nextbit and also we can customize it in our own way..!
@madhu: fair point. i hadn't seen that. well, at least they can be hidden and disabled. perhaps somebody will create a slim/lite rom and then we can choose a lite weight gapps to go with it. i'm guessing it will be a non nextbit rom, however, and will not provide their cloud  services. i suspect those are proprietary and their full rom will not be open source. it's a trade off, i guess. disable the apps and know there're still there or gain root access to truly remove them and forego the cloud functionality. personally the google apps don't bother me too much so i can live with disabling the ones i don't use. it's the third party uninstallable stuff that irritates me -  i'm using a sony device currently so i'm painfully aware of this. with the robin though, at least we have the choice to create custom roms of our own thanks to the unlocked bootloader policy. just need some skilled developers to take intetest and do their stuff! go coding community!
@joel i wish that is the case with robin but as commented on this thread in reddit i don't believe we can do that.  https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3ssjgn/bloatware_on_robin/…
are you coming to singapore?
@krish @madhu: i don't even think you'll need root to uninstall google books, keep etc. you'll just uninstall them from the play store straight up. i have that option on my non-rooted z3 compact so i don't see any reason why that wouldn't be an option on the robin. root access should be simply obtained on the robin though, if you need that extra freedom but i would imagine that this may affect the cloud based services that make the rom unique. i don't know that for sure but i'm guessing that it will be the case given the various layers of security etc. required to make it all secure.
@madhu i don't think we need to install new rom to delete apps..just root access will do..
@mrflash @krish i have asked a similar question in the nextbit reddit forum to see if i will have full access to remove the apps i don't need, including apps from google - like google play books, google keep, google play movies etc. but while they said that they won't have bloatware - we will not be able to remove google apps (google bloat) unless we flash a different rom.
@mrflash with the word full access, i guess you are talking about previleges to delete inbuilt apps, roam through root folders, flashing roms or kernels and installing some tweaking apps..for that, you will need root access..nextbit have already confirmed that the bootloader is unlocked..but unlocked bootloader doesnt give root access..it makes rooting easy only..so you can flash any rom available for robin after rooting..nowadays rooting and flashing are not strange words..so spend some time for that..!!
i'm extremely excited about my new robin, you see i'm 65 years old retired and i'm still using a cell flip-phone. its not that i haven't kept up with technology or can not afford to buy one, its just i haven't felt right with any of the phone option on the market. (by the way i have an electrical engineering degree). a direct purchase of my smart-phone from the manufacture, (not t-mobil, at&t, verizon, best buy,etc), but the manufacture is definitely not a trifle matter for me, the fact that this phone will not come bloated with apps i can't remove, again not a small matter. which brings me to my point, i would like to have complete access to my phone, will i have to root my phone to acquire it. please a very refine and technical response would be greatly appreciated.
that awkward moment when you so keen for your robin that pay to 3d print it and pretend to use it like a real phone. #keenasabean
@nextbit just curious if you guys are having any black friday specials on accessories?
@darko the volume buttons on electric will be electric blue! @kuot thiik nope, it will still be on the bottom in the same place
@darko if you look at the comments scott says the electric is just the three main pieces popped together they don't have a whole actual electric blue yet... i too think the buttons will be blue when placed
@darko - i think the buttons on the electric will be blue but don't quote me on it. if you look carefully at the recent image, the side buttons are actually missing. i'm going for the electric and i'm really hoping they stick to the blue buttons.
does somebody know if the buttons in electric are bleu or black? it looks like that they will be black, but at previous pictures they was blue..... however i prefer electric;o)
welp.. now i am torn between the colours again.
hmmm, has the charging port moved?
good thing i still have about a week to make up my mind for sure. signed up for mint, but that electric came out way cooler than i expected.
here are the images in full size: twitter - https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cui-8uevaaabyax.jpg:large instagram - https://igcdn-photos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xfp1/t51.2885-15/e35/12298897_399450423584701_1340910492_n.jpg
another picture is here. https://twitter.com/scroyle/status/668994495208255488
@all scott just posted full picture of robin colors here's the link https://instagram.com/p/-c9wjcwjib/
now that the marshmallow rom is running on robin, i’d like to see a preview done by marques brownlee.
@venkatesh the event in london starts at 18:00 till 21:00 in graphic bar. they've posted an event on facebook with all details. hope to be there in time as my plane lands at 20:00...
@nextbit sales/mrktng team - from time, is the promotional event in london (nov 30th). i believe its in graphic bar. may i get updates on this?  many thanks
robin can't come quickly enough. current phone is too full for new apps, music, or even app updates...
it's what we're here for :)
thanks guys.
@rik i found the updated one for you http://i.imgur.com/g0fmq8q.png
typo *the one you found
@rik i think the you found is an old one..they have posted another pic having 4xl size..
me too :)
@rik i love how benjamin translated your last name
think i found it: http://i.imgur.com/ucgtj9r.png
@rik brewers i'm pretty sure it was i  one of the updates... scroll through good luck!
@schmitty be real man, that's not going to happen. they aren't going to make a version with a different hue for everyone that asks for it. they already listen to us more than any other company i know. obviously you can't please everyone, but they're doing their damn best. they even added another colourway because we asked for it..  that said, you can still change your data on the survey, so say you want an electric version instead of a midnight one, you can still go ahead and select that one.
does anyone still have the link where the exact measurements for the t-shirts are shown? still urgently need to measure...
can you make an additional "midnight" thats the blueish grey (instead of black) since most of us prefer that it appears?? if not can we change what colors we chose?
@thomas attorney at law lol, my thoughts exactly. on the other side, some big companies *cough google *cough do anything to know as much about us as they can :)
can we please get an update *very* soon with full pictures of midnight (video in motion would be the best) and confirmation whether the colour change also applies to the cases. i know, i know, such a fuss over something so small. but the previous midnight looked so amazing - muted without being boring - and now... argh. the more i look at that cropped photo from last update, the blacker it looks.
electric or midnight? i had a clear winner with electric, but now i don't know. stop toying with my emotions nextbit :).  keep up the good work.
@thomas attorney at law,  well said!  :)
the longer i wait the more i hate my old phone and can't wait for the robin!  sooo excited i'm convincing (bulling) my husband to get one too!
this comment area is rather nuts. nextbit must be going bonkers fielding the endless questions here. i didn't realize that providing $300 in funding, also meant that they'd take us all in as consultants. i thought that would've cost a lot more - $300 and suddenly we've turned into russ hanneman from silicon valley. hows about some breathing room.....
are we going to be able to see pictures of each differently colored phone, in its entirety, from multiple angles, & under natural lighting before december 1st?
@shane that's the thing, different people like different things, to each his own i always say :)
@lars something about me loves the buttons in the original photos. the stock android are ok, but i loved nextbit's button design.
let's get things clear on the issue around midnight. many backers had complained that the midnight looked too blue (in some photos / videos) and not in line with the midnight featured in the campaign illustrations i..e it did not meet the color they had expected when backing the project. nextbit responded to that by making it "more grey in all light conditions" while still retaining the bluish tint, as stated in update 13 (nov 10). nextbit has merely provided a comparison pic in their latest update, to show the difference between the new and old midnight colors. i am pretty sure that if the comparison were made in  certain angles / light conditions, backers would be happy with the change (as the old midnight would show up as too blue / not in line with the original images).
@abdul syed thanks for that.
@nextbit can you give us more info on the delivery process please?
good catch on the changed buttons at the bottom, if i may say so, i like the stock android ones better, but of course this is just one man's opinion :)
hello. i have already backed the robin. however, i am a bit worried about the performance of the 808 since the 820 is set to be released around the time of the robin, and it brings many more features (adreno 530, spectra isp, 14nm architecture, qc 3.0, etc.). what are your thoughts on this?
@all this might be a basic question and i might like to match colors too much but will there be a way to change the theme colors to match the electric blue? they seem to be very mint based
beautiful
git'r'dun nextbit!  :)
@henrik no, i'm pretty sure with the phone you get 1x robin 1x charger 1x cable 1x shirt
question: my backerkit reciept says "pick a quick charger, based on the plug used in your region g (uk)" does this mean i don't need to buy a charger as an addon?
i hadn't heard anything about "too blue" complaints; i rather liked it, it had more character than plain grey, oh well, it's done, and it doesn't look bad, still my favourite.
casualt you in particular  have been whining for days! just read your post wheres the pictures wheres the updates on and on ..... and on.
@ nextbit - thanks for all the updates.  when are you all going to post pictures of all the cases from the front/various angles so we can better see the coverage provided by each case before locking in our orders?
@nextbit could we have a full picture of the midnight in all light settings? all of the pictures for the phones are at weird angles and without much background or light to see its true look. i would just like to know what it looks like so i could change my mind if i don't like the color.
@nextbit @shane mobbs  good call, their original renders showed those half moon circular onscreen buttons, i really liked the look of those too.
i hope nextbit challenges to change the industry. break the stereotype in your industry, your cloud strage idea even the colors! i thought your midnight blue idea is floating clouds in the midnight sky. midnight is black? i don't think so. i have seen so many ordinary black phone i don't want to have.
@nextbit did you guys change your minds about the onscreen button design? i noticed in update 15 they're more like stock android.
nice update @nextbit, looks like you're making good progress. i like the new midnight too although it is causing me some choice issues....keep up the good work and get that phone shipped!
awesome update, guys! i'm also loving the shift to a more grey midnight, it's subtle but well done. you'll always have people for and people against, you can't please everyone, but you're doing your goddamn best :)
i don't think it's trolling if they only pick on one person :|
@nextbit shut up and take my money!!!! haha looks awesome
@eduardo castillo yes, we do support aptx bluetooth @jacqueline ricetti you can enter your email address here to re-send your survey: https://robin-the-smarter-smartphone.backerkit.com/ you can update until december 1st :)
your trolling mark
use to be i like this forum. now i just see a bunch of whiny lil .............
2 questions for the people who are complaining about the new midnight.  1. did you miss this update?"last minute developments: many of you were concerned that midnight was too blue. in response, it has been desaturated so it is clearly more grey in all light conditions but still has a blue / purple tint." 2. do you want your robin on time? the manufacturing processes is not instant. if you don't like the new midnight that much simply choose one of the other 2 colors.
@jacqueline ricetti, you can switch the phone you backed for in the backerkit survey until december 1st i think, just log in using the email they sent originally and then there should be an option to reselect what version of the phone (cdma or gsm) but if anything wait to hear from nextbit
@anyone does the nextbit robin support aptx bluetooth?
@nextbit hi i backed the verizon model and switched my carrier to t-mobile. is it possible to change the phone i backed to the model that works with t-mobile?
hi i backed the verizon model and switched my carrier to t-mobile. is it possible to change the phone i backed to the model that works with t-moblie ? this is my second time asking. thx
i'm personally really happy with the new midnight color, i don't like that much blue and i think just having 3 color options is really good for backers. i also think the image they gave us is enough to pick what phone color people want. i can't wait to get my robin, i'm gonna mod the shit outta it.
@nextbit what was the reason you changed the midnight to the more gray color? didnt seem like a majority wanted a change, i would prefer a slightly more blue, either way tho, looking great!
@nextbit: btw the phones look beautiful. i like all the colors. is the nextbit logo still there, or not?
@nextbit: seriously?! one picture? so many people are asking for some pictures and all we get is one picture??? can we have some pictures that show the full phone? they don't have to be close ups. for me they don't have to be next to each other... are these just the bodies of the phone and therefore you don't want to show the front?
thought to add some stuff about forum that i find interesting. the jolla phone qna forum is very stakcoverflow like : https://together.jolla.com/questions/ based on askbot. other alternatives, http://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/2267/stack-exchange-clones
we want full high res pictures !! why do we have to beg so much to have this ???
i prefer the original midnight too, it is now one step closer to those available in the market in terms of colour. i would like a unique colour phone but as i don't like white on my phone so i choose midnight. i even prefer it to be more navy then the original one....thought it would look retro and matched the foggy wallpaper. but sigh....i understand nextbit cannot please everyone...... and personally i do think plastic would not differ much from plastic infused metal.
@nextbit. thank you for the picture. it certainly is good to see all 3 final colors together. however i hope you can share more pictures in other angles as some of us have requested. i don't think there is anything wrong or negative about asking more pictures. it just helps us make a better decision and we only have about 10 more days to finalize our choice.
@nextbit nice photo! does this mean i have to wait until next week for the super special surprise? :)  also, is there anymore news on robin visiting us in ny? thanks!
sorry that midnight has lost it's original blue cast   looks basically flat black now.  looks like any other phone.  really disappointed!!!!!!         dean
could we have more than one incomplete image?
omg,  casualt really?
now maybe they negative people will shush
big question. will there be a chance that mint color will get kinda faded or yellowish after using for a while? some other phones that have lighter shade of color do get that way.
c'mon! perhaps we should all try to give nextbit a little brake with futile requests off all kinds so they can focus on more important staff... like getting everything up and running on time? ;)
yall should've labeled them. is the one on top electric?
i am sorry by why does you nextbit insist on only one photo. i would like to see the phone from all sides i don't care if their side by side. i just don't understand why there is only 1 photo????
also dont forget this is a small team trying to make things happen with a number of international partner companies so you will expect some variables are not within nextbit's control. so need to cut them some slack.
@rebels we're a day light with this week's update because we've got something really cool to show but it's taking a few extra hours. mike chan told me he can't make his computer compute any faster. in addition to the surprise we've also got a color-corrected close up comparing all 3 color ways so you can get a better idea of exactly what each one looks like.
seems like there is alot of negativity. i'm happy with my purchase and nextbit knows a hell of alot more then i do about making and producing phones i trust them and  i appreciate there honesty and frequent updates. when they have the camera samples. i'm sure they will produce them. the phones wont be ready for another couple months so whatever.
my issue is not deciding but the simple fact they said they were going to provide both camera samples and high res photos of the phones 2 weeks ago. only thing they delivered on since then was the ominous plastic back.
@rebels so, for everyone waiting until they see pictures before filling out their survey i have this small piece of advice. you may take it or leave it as you see fit: why not just fill out the survey now, choosing the colorway you are most leaning toward, with the expectation that you may want to change your choice when you finally see pictures? from what i understand there is still several weeks left before the surveys become locked and final. again, just a suggestion you may follow - or not - as you see fit.
lots of extra info and progress can be found on scott croyles twitter and instagram :)
pictures please!!
@lynden they did a few posts back. they said they're waiting to get an official answer. please be patient. @casualt @madhu they are probably working on the pictures for the backers to choose the robin's colorway. as to the camera pictures, the company gave a time-range of november to december; therefore, give them some leeway.
regarding usb type a - type c cables:  https://www.youtube.com/watch… there's an app which will check if the cable is good or not, covered in this video.
pictures, please, and also answer on whether or not your cables are usb c spec compliant. thanks
pictures?
+1000 for the pictures... we have been asking this for months now...
yeah no offence but you guys are dropping the ball on the pictures...
@chris frank we're actually currently working on getting this set up; it takes a while for us to get it to the point we want it to be. it'll definitely be up in january :)
@nextbit i hope we will be getting lots of pictures this week as it was promised. since the last day to make changes in the survey is december 1st - it would be very beneficial for us to see the pictures soon so we can make a decision about the color. it looks like that is what a lot of people in the forum are asking for.
@nextbit  whatever happened to a forum?  even a quick, cheap one would be fine for now.
check this out guys...http://www.theverge.com/2015/11/17/9749552/google-photos-android-can-now-delete-device-copies-after-backup
@nextbit ty for the clarification . http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/b010sfdkc6/ref=ox_sc_sfl_title_4…. i was curious if anyone knew if these rankie usb c cables were up to snuff. i have 6 of rankie phone data charging cables and they work great for my lg g4 and my zenfone 2 which both also have quick charge 2.0
i am with you, proud to have bet on you! keep it up i look forward to january to have my wonderful electric. i support you, i approve of all your choices.
just thought to add regarding the plastic body, i have a nokia lumia around which has  a polycarbonate body and feels really solid as a phone. so, for me , plastic body phone is perfectly ok if its a well built.
@nextbit thanks for the clarification on the cable. i guess it's either being able to watch youtube videos while charging versus not having to carry around a second cable for data transfer... i know you are cloud-centric so cables may not make sense to you, but any chance you would offer the short cable with usb 3? best of both worlds and the usb 3 plug colour is "electric".
@praveen the "chassis" on the opo is magnesium, and the style-swap covers were plastic (or bamboo). however, the silver band around the display was metal. thin, mechanically shaped metal. not sure if it was stainless steel or not, but it was absolutely metal. you could easily see the stress marks from the die that they used to press it. i am not saying it didn't make it look nice, but it was a 10-foot phone. it looked great from a distance, but close up you could see the seam where the metal bezel met the style-swap cover and it was not uniform. again, beating the metal-vs-plastic debate, metal is great for machined parts (as far as making a phone look nice externally) but mechanically shaped metal should not be used on the outside of a phone. high quality, dent-resistant plastics will always be a better design choice vs. metal unless you are machining the parts. if you have access to an iphone 3, 3g, or 3gs, just feel how cheap that feels with its stainless steel back compared to a high-quality composite/plastic device with soft-touch materials.
@gianluca there is a separate led for notifications on the bottom of robin. the leds on the back are strictly for cloud activity.
@rebels: regarding the cable issue discovered by google: we are checking right now to confirm that we are officially supporting the type c standard. i personally believe we are but i want to get an official answer. robin supports usb 3.0. this only impacts data speed when connecting robin to a computer as external storage or in debugging mode. the charging cable that ships with robin (and all the cables we sell are on backerkit) are usb 2. since usb 3 does not impact charging, we are using a usb 2 cable since it is much more flexible. a factor which we think is important for charging. you can purchase an aftermarket usb 3 type a to type c cable if you use your phone as an external drive for you computer and would like to take advantage of faster data speeds.
@nexbit can we use the leds on the back as notification leds or are they only for the cloud?
@suvir i just read that aswell. also quite interested as i've already added additional cables to my order. would love to hear nextbits input.
some more explanation around type-c issue.  http://9to5google.com/2015/11/16/google-engineer-warning-oneplus-type-c/ may be someone robin dev team could comment on type-c issue. as mentioned in article "during testing, leung discovered that the oneplus connector isn’t spec compliant, and although it does charge the chromebook pixel and other type c devices, it doesn’t do so correctly." i hope tech team at robin could follow up with the spec compliant for usb-c to deliver a correct charger.
@nextbit hi guys as it seems to be the topic now, would you mind clarifying what usb standards you are targeting and if all of your cables on backerkit will support the targeted standard? i will either buy from you or amazon depending on the cost effectiveness according to your advice.
you will be able to cancel my order?
hey, for all backers that have or or thinking of ordering a one plus usb c cable i recently read a new article by the google  benson where he states that even the cables from one plus can be harmful as they are not using the "default usb power" resister and instead a 3a one. he has tested the cables with nexus and chrome book devices and says that they can be very harmful to your device. not sure if robin will be as effected but better safe then sorry. i had just ordered two of the cables and am in the process of trying to cancel my order. hope this helps
@krish thank you for the reply. that was helpful.
@jacqueline you can change your choice until december 1. the model can be changed. nextbit have confirmed it before. @ratnesh you should have received a mail from backerkit after completing the first survey. use the link at the bottom to generate the survey again. you can change any of your options till the lockdown date ( dec 1).
anyone know what's the different between 'very special sim' and 'special sim'? thanks
hey @avi i gather robin is due to support usb 3.1, see link 1 below but as with colours and material shouldn't take this as gospel at this time. quickcharge 2.0 is connector independent as stated by qualcomm, see link 2, but low quality cables incapable of taking the currencies or wired in different configs may as well harm your device. benson on amazon does note this in detail for each product, i suggest we stick to the 5 star products. usb c is still in early days but more devices are coming out on the market and therefore prices/stock of these cables fluctuate. personally, i am waiting until the last possible moment to buy any accessories and aux chargers for work and travel... suggest we hold our excitement until end of year! link 1: http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/nextbit-robin-smartphone-kickstarter-updates,news-51189.html link 2: https://www.qualcomm.com/products/snapdragon/quick-charge/faq
@hl i asked this in one of the updates but never got a response, so i'll just ask it here: is there support for usb 3.0? i'm trying to figure out if it will be worth it to buy extra usb-c cables that are usb 3.0 capable or will it only work at usb 2.0 speeds, thanks! i'll probably grab one of these for the robin: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b010exrtxi…
hi....i will be shifting soon to another country....it would be very kind of you if you could please let me know how to change my address on the backer survey. thanks
hi i pre backed the robin forfor for the verizon model but am now changing phone carriers. since i have not yet received my robin is it possible to change the model of phone i backed ? thx
the oneplus forums say the opo had a magnesium frame inside but that the outer part is plastic. ref: https://forums.oneplus.net/threads/does-the-opo-have-a-metal-frame.50564/
@jetsada late reply, but no... the oneplus one band around the screen was certainly metal. i can confirm,as i had two of them. one was dropped from about three feet onto porcelain tile. it dented the corner. additionally, you can clearly see the metal when you remove the style swap cover.
the tnkgrl podcast with scott was really entertaining and informative, with lots insight into scott's design process and very honest and fair assessments of where robin excels and where it doesn't. good job!
@rik brouwers, thank you for the info about charger cable!
@nextbit, kudos for the transparency. i honestly didn't even notice that the phone was originally designed without a plastic back. it still looks stunning, and i expect the software will be rock solid as well. this is not the first project i've backed that had had changes late in the game, and it won't be the last. as previously mentioned, this wasn't a pre-order, but a rewards based donation. we have a right to give our feedback, but that's it. those who are unhappy have no right to a refund as per kickstarter rules. if you are dissatisfied with your phone upon receiving it, resell it! the change to videos is a bit sad, but not a personal deal breaker as i hardly take videos on my phone, and if i do i usually unload them to my desktop each night. the only, and i mean only, feature i'd like to see that has been confirmed to not be happening g is wifi calling. and even then, that's a luxury i will sacrifice on my $299 phone. as for the comparisons to the oneplus x, keep in mind that that phone has no nfc chip or fingerprint sensor. tl;dr keep up the great work nextbit. most of us appreciate the transparency, and we appreciate you responding to our feedback,  both positive and negative.
@matthew - you've painted the picture with more detail than i have done - thanks!  this is what i've been driving at in my comments, some here and others on kickstarter as i am funding or backing more than one project here when i say, "it is what it is"!  many things delay projects - life is not fair or generally nice to us when we desire something right away but it is what it is!  this is why i never back any one project with the hopes to receive it before i really need it ..  i alawys have one or two other things in the pipeline that will cover me until which time i get the device i am waiting for! i would suggest all not do that (hinging on one item only for your desired whatever) as you will be let down . ..  a fact of life! love it, live it and remember always, it's all good!
@chris frank. i am on the verge of getting a nexus 5x for myself and let the wife have the robin ...
i agree with @stefan mansson . and i rather have my smartphone sooner than later, than being super caught up on it being metal. it may just be a very durable, sturdy, and polished device as far as the hardware. so, i'm personally okay with it, and i hope others calm down a bit.
@rebels - re: the latest update {agree / disagree} {angry / disappointed / worried / relieved / hopeful / happy} {better / worse} {plastic infused metal / metal infused plastic / metal / plastic} {knowledgeable / experienced / savvy / layman / guessing / clueless} {betrayed / disgruntled / jilted  / supportive / fanboy} {sell / refund / stay / hoard} {mint / electric / midnight} {seventh circle / limbo / earth / cloud nine} {insert comments about design decision here} hey everyone!!! it's a "choose your own adventure!" enjoy!!
check out scott right now on the tnkgrl podcast: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@mark try the link below http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/a25grol6kjv3qg/ref=cm_cr_rdp_pdp/187-8975522-4210843
i broke down, my note 2 was annoying me too much, bought a nexus 6 for the 2 months until robin haha.  this is a nice damn phone tho... i will get to play with some marshmallow ahead of robin.
i agree with @matthew and @azure. we bought something from kickstarter that didn't exist yet. actually, i'd be worried if nothing changed from the initial design to the final product. @nextbit i'm anxiously waiting for my robin!
i found this is in the key of terms. it maybe helpful to alleviate some grievances. "at the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. there may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised." i understand people's frustrations but according to the key of terms it sounds like these changes are to be expected as the final product is being manufactured.
as an engineer at a rapid prototyping and design company, that has many connections with industrial design firms in the northwest and bay area, let me assure you all that this is a top notch group working on a top notch product. material changes always happen, in almost every project. its not unusual at all. everyone needs to remember that this is a kickstarter and not a major electonics company releasing the 4 generation of phone x. @nextbit your all doing good work and i couldn't be more excited over here to get my hands on the final product. keep up the good fight.
@mark one is included with your phone. @nextbit has a few different ones you can add to your pledge.
@nextbit can you guys recommend some usb c cables? i heard that if you buy to cheap of a cable that you might fry your phone.
@shane, martin and chris - thanks. .   as i stated in my 2-cent posting here that i too believe it was a scam or something fishy.  however, saying that, i wanted to reach out there to see is anyone else is getting anything funny coming into their "in box"!  email has been deleted.
small changes aside, i am fairly certain that regardless of the materials, this phone is still going to be very "metal." \m/
i was wondering if people who are disappointed with latest update, are the people who backed robin, because it had "metal" back (it was actually metal infused plastic). just imagine, after reading all the things robin has to offer and someone would go - oooh, it has metal back and that is why i want to back this project. if robin would have had a plastic back from the beginning, would anyone even be having this argument?
@peter it's better to never click on those things unless you know it's a legit message.
@peter, sounds like an attempt on phishing or drive by download.
and by virus i meant scam haha, either way.
@ peter  probably is a virus, especially if you don't know anything that is being shipped to you and it is coming from a strange website.
the nextbit team have built phones before, they know what's right when it comes to manufacturing phones. i believe they made the right decision so they can both meet the timeline as well as giving us the best quality phone they possibly could. all materials can now meet together seamlessly, which is a fantastic upside. also a more solid feel? man i'm up for that, don't know about you guys. keep up the great work guys.
@zee, there's a cable included. the 1meter one i think.
hello scott, i would like to check if the quick charger in the starter pack comes with cable, or must we purchase the cable as an add on? my confusion arise because the quick charger is pictured without cable. thank you :)
something to ponder or digest here, has anyone or is anyone receiving email about dhl delivery - not saying it is the robin exactly but does seem suspicious ..  here is what i received today: dhl express logo dear receiver, please find your newly posted invoice(s) and bl for your shipments and services  supplied by dhl express. sender account ending-> *****04291 for full statement information and a full list of outstanding documents, please click here and download. kindly keep the downloaded documents safe, we will need you to provide them  for confirmation before delivering your parcel. we would like to thank you for accepting the services of dhl express. with kind regards, dhl team this all seems like a scam to me ..  there is nothing to download regardless of what it says. clicking on "click here" to download just takes you to a web site that "fails" to load.  all of this is fishy at best - again has anyone here have the simular thing sent to them?  the address comes from:  commerciale@cetrade.dz yikes . . .   nexbit, what is your comment on this if any?
to the people that dont know what the back is like rn, scott said that the outside will be plastic but metal is inside acting as the frame. originally i think that the middle area was metal infused plastic: literally infused. however, they have decided to dump that idea for a thicker plastic for better feel and overall structure. although i would like metal because it sounds more premium, we have to trust that nextbit is doing what is correct for a better feel rather than lowering their production cost. believe:)
people are going crazy over this latest update. some people express their disappointment quite aggressively. i'm not very opimistic, rather realistic. i'd say plastic does "sound" cheaper, but that doesn't make the look and fell cheaper. what i feel great about this update is that i know people at @nextbit are working hard and trying hard to find the best solutions for us all. so i'm happy with that. :)
in my opinion the change to plastic isn't really as bad as you guys make it seem. personally i (and i am pretty sure you guys too) plan to keep my robin in a case 24/7. my biggest concern is really software. im pretty sure @nextbit is doing everything they can to make the phone feel solid.
especially after seeing the new videos of how the nexus 6p folds in half like a wallet
metal is overrated ...
i am with nextbit on this.. i'm sure the decision is well thought out. one question though.. will it make the phone a bit lighter now that the back is plastic?
@chad if i'm not mistaken, the band around oneplus one screen is plastic with metal paint like galaxy s3,s4,s5
i'm guessing that the back will have a similar feel to the elegant feel of the htc windows phone 8x/8s. if that's the case, then i'm all for the change. the idea of having a metal back, with non metal caps was originally very unattractive to me, but this is a nice development. but i've got a couple questions; 1.) will the logo on the back be engraved? 2.) where exactly is the nfc on the back? is it where the logo is placed or something?
i see some comments that the logo in the back wouldn't be engraved, i hope this is not true? i don't care about metal/plastic, i want a good phone. what i would like is pictures of phones/cases to make sure my decision there is correct.
@pol blancafort that would require hardware changes which are not going to happen anymore at this point (at least not on that scale). we get fast charging though, which is so much better in my opinion
hey ! one thing that comes to my mind: now that the back is plastic... maybe we can add wireless charging !!! that will be a good point by contrast, isn't it ?
@cengiz i can definitely sympathize with your loss in expectation, but when i read plastic infused with metal, i definitely assumed that meant a harder, quality feeling plastic.  i don't think most kickstarters hand out refunds until maybe after they get stuff completed, especially with the small staff of nextbit, they would have to dedicate an entire job just to dealing with that stuff.  i would try to persuade you to keep the faith, you might end up being happy with the phone. hope it works out for ya. let us know how communication with nextbit works out too.
@cengiz sen - remember that this is a kickstarter campaign. the very nature of this process is to be at the front end... or before the front end. to be fair, one could put a project on kickstarter with little more than 3d printed mockups. nextbit had working software and engineering prototypes before evening putting the robin out here for us to see. if you expect to get exactly what you are pitched, with no ability to influence the final design, wait for it to be in stores. then go touch it and feel it. then make your decision. that is not what kickstarter is. it is not a storefront. it is a community for us to be in on the full process and have our rebellious voices heard and considered. this decision was not about cost. it was not about margins. it was about being able to reproduce exacting standards at scale using materials that were going to be durable, feel good and make a device that lasts. metal != premium. used right, metal can look and feel nice... but it is best suited for machined parts that are bare or textured. the robin is none of these. it has a soft-touch material coating that is intended to make the device less slippery than bare metal, feel nice and comfortable and be durable enough to last the traditional lifecycle of a smartphone. coating metal does not provide these, and it lends itself to worse returns when it comes to kicking pieces off of the assembly line because they do not fit just right. scott made the right decision. i wish i had kept my two oneplus one phones, as i could have shown pictures of that phone that proved this point. the robin is not the right phone for metal pieces for the sake of having metal.
@chad.. well said.  @scott croyle def will make sure that it looks amazing as his standards are do high... the main reason i backed robin was because of scott's design philosophy... i doubt any decision that he makes is not thought out.  it will still look and feel amazing i'm sure.
@chad the decision to use the plastic may be the right one. but @nextbit needs to understand that they shouldn't have pitched this otherwise. those issues you listed should have foreseen by people who claim to be in this business for many years much earlier in the design process, and appropriate solutions should have been implemented at that time. not now.
still looking forward to my robin in january, i'm looking at the overall concept and what nextbit is about and they have my full support! having confidence in there decision making for the benefit of the community and there product should be in everyone's minds. if not ask yourself this question " if the robin turns out to be an inferior product would anyone buy the second generation? "
just take it easy, everyone... as a software engineer with a mechanical engineering bent :) ... the decision to use plastic is the right one. why? because metal is malleable. you can form it (at this small scale, mechanically, usually... by bending) which changes the properties of the metal at the stress points... the edges. while some metals are very easy to form, they are also easier to malform. metals that are harder to form usually make the tradeoff in that they will be less "accurate" when you are trying to replicate small, delicate things like the radii at a corner or a slight fold at an edge to blend in with another material. this is evidenced in the oneplus one. the metal band around the phone looked great in pictures, and is indeed a nice touch, but when you actually look at it in person, you can see inconsistencies at the edge where it meets the plastic back of the phone. it does not meet the edge of the back uniformly. so in person, someone like me sees it and questions the design decision. metal should be used sparingly in a mobile phone unless it is a solid chassis like the htc, apple, nexus 6x types that are machined out of one piece. manufacturing handsets is an art as much as it is a science, and i think nextbit did the right thing in deciding on materials that are aesthetically pleasing, feel nice and improve the overall fit-and-finish.
disappointing.
i have never backed anything on kickstarter before.i read about the robin on techspot. i thought the phone was unique and special and i bought into the cloud concept. i'd also just won 1000 dollars. so i stepped out of my element and was an early backer. personally, today i think things are made cheaper from washers and dryers to automobiles sure the tech is nice, but have you seen how the car's body crack's and peels, and fades? because everything is made out of plastic.so when they said plastic i was concerned. this phone only needs to last a couple years so it is different .i need to put my prejudice away and enjoy what nextbit has created. maybe we all do.
disappointing update (13), but guys, at least now give the high res pictures of the all three colors, its high time pending from you guys....all backers have requested from this many times, when can we expect this....we want to see how this full plastic looks!
i'm still excited and looking forward to future pictures and updates! its unique to get so much information and have input into the actual birth of a new hardware device. keep up the good work!
@abe previously they were planning to come up with metal infused back panel and plastic chassis...now they are doing vice versa..plastic back panel with metal chassis..i think it will make the phone more durable and strong..plastic back panel will make it more smooth also.. we need to undestand one thing..there will always be a tradeoff between looks and build quality..we should keep that in mind..
is there any options for getting out of the project?  as in a full refund ?
@nextbit i sent you a message. please respond. thx.
please correct me if i'm wrong, but what seems to be scott's explanation, is that the original intent was to have metal on the outside and plastic on the inside; however, they've flipped it? if that is the case, then in the end, there was always going to be plastic and then metal (or vice versa)...not an infused type. can anyone clarify this? also, my two cents: the backers have every right to express their concerns for something of which they are backing. however, let us be civilized and refrain from feeding into a mob mentality. remember @nextbit has been very forthcoming and honest with their decisions and their process. it's easy to lose track of what and how much they've accomplished by listening to their community. i'm sure they are aware that this decision will affect people's feelings about the product...as it should. their decision has opened up a lot of new questions, that they probably will address in due time. however, i repeat, let's be patient. no need to explode into a frenzy. let's gather more information first, and then formulate your own feelings/opinions.
@sam lee wonderfully said!
@rebels hey guyz..we should appreciate the transparency shown by nextbit. how many of us know the difference between those plastic infused metal and plastic back..? even if we know, can we figure out which is used on the back by just appearance or normal inspection..?? never...so, nextbit have done a fantastic job by being transparent to the backers. so, we should consider that too..also, regarding only the photos/apps are moved to the cloud, i don't think that moving videos is a good idea unless we have a monstrous data plan..it is practically impossible..still i hope there is provision to move any kind of files to the cloud manually..ie, smart cloud feature only works for photos and apps...it will be great if someone can clarify this...!!
@nextbit i know i just asked this, but i am worried that my comment got lost in the plastic vs metal comments (i support your final decision on this). my question is, will there be a hands on event for robin in nyc?
wow, everyone's so angry over a bit of metal (or lack thereof). i have a feeling most of those people don't quite understand the risks they take in backing a project on kickstarter; sometimes the finished product is not what was originally promised --if you get a finished product at all. i think nextbit has been very open and forthcoming about their developments, yet it seems like some backers think we are purposely being deceived and lied to. personally, i don't care what nextbit does, as long as the robin and the cloud service are just as powerful and reliable as they've promised. looking forward to those pictures!
i think people were expecting a metal back :) i'm not disappointed, it's just a change which will barely be noticeable as i see it, but allows for a much smoother finish. you've got my support, nextbit :)
@casualt iphone 5c, htc one x, nexus 5, nexus 5x, lg g4, samsung galaxy s5 etc.. :)
@nextbit thanks for the explanation (not that you owed us one)! this really cleared it up (for me anyways). if nothing else you all have been top notch on customer service and patient to a fault!
@casualt  another plastic white phone besides the iphone 3 and 3gs?  just about every version of samsung's galaxy s and galaxy note has a white model and they all have plastic backs.
alright, as long as its a solid phone i don't mind i ordered the sky bumps case to protect it.nextbit knows best  as far as design and i trust them to do right by us.
@chris frank - +1
@nextbit is it possible you guys can make wifi calling available through an ota update? or even just upload the relevant kernel/rom files to flash? i mean the source code for t-mobile wifi calling is open sourced and available online from what i read https://code.google.com/p/the-ims-open-source-project-for-android/
im totally behind the decision.  i was suspect of what plastic infused metal meant in the first place, always looked more plastic to me in the pre-production pictures.  and as soon as they explained the more flush and consistent back, i was all for it.  i have noticed several times in pictures where the sections of the phone do not seem to meld well with one another, if this decision creates a more solid phone, it is a no-brainer.
please nextbit, show us high resolution images for the final design of the three variant. i still didn't have a decision between electric and mint!
we understand some of you are frustrated, and we wish there was a solution that would make you happy, allow us to deliver the quality you expect from us and allow us to deliver robin in a timely manner. best 2 out 3? one thing to note: the previous back construction was plastic fused metal, not pure metal. we did our best to be clear about that. because of the plastic component in the original, the look and feel of robin as presented on kickstarter as well as what you've seen in pictures and video is unchanged. the difference is that now we are able to give you a smoother more consistent look and finish across the back.
@nextbit..i hope there are no more surprises.  3rd major setback after limiting only apps/photos to sync to cloud and lack of wifi calling for   supported carriers.
welp, i still fully support nextbit.
since from backing, we didn't see any positive improvements from backers side... we expect more than what you promised but getting disappointed regularly... first with cloud feature saying we can't offload videos which was shown in ks video, now body changes from metal to plastic... but our promise to support robin till the end will not change..
@nextbit has provided a detailed explanation about 2 hrs ago, which seems a well considered decision; as long as it feel solid (e.g like a moto x 1st gen plastic back), i am ok with it. a solid feel doesnt always need metal but need to get the right kind of plastic/polycarbonate though.
dear baker,  if you don't care about that design change and your priority is software only, that is good for you. but, you can't force others to like what you want. i don't care about your opinion like you don't care about mine, and phone design is number one priority to me. also, stop comparing this with nexus 5x, because if i wanted to purchase nexus, i would have gone there so easily. and yes! i'm buying a phone. i didn't back the project only; otherwise, i would have been made donations only. but, i just choose a phone perk with full list of specs and pictures. dear nextbit,  we now need a new presentation contains phone images (three colors), phone dimensions, phone weight. the change you are willing to do will make a considerable difference in the overall final product. thank you!
@nextbit - i'm not an electrical engineer by any means so will the additional circuitry and flex circuit ground planes to manage the esd have any impact on battery life?  i'm all for maximizing the battery - whether it is plastic or metal.
@ian who are you to say that people's priorities are misaligned? i backed the the project because of the whole package, not part of it.
man, it's hard to abide by the "be respectful and considerate" statement under the comment box. you are not buying a phone off the shelf. you are backing an invention.that's what kickstarter is about. there are things i'd like to see on this phone, and i'm aware that the nexus 5x is in contention with this phone. but if you are going to raise a fuss over the material of the back and completely ignore everything that you're getting, then i'm afraid your priorities may be a misaligned. that being said, i would agree that the communication has been a bit lacking. nextbit, i call upon you to really step that up. that being said, i understand that decisions have to be made, and getting hit by a thousand opinions does not make that easy. and hey, you never know - they may come up with a last minute change that further improves the phone. bet you won't complain then.
@nextbit, not nexbit... phone is... bleh.
@nexbit what i'm curious about is how the change to a plastic backing changes the weight of the phone? can we get a before/after weight statistic please?
@jetsada i can understand being a little disappointed in the change, but i don't think it's a massive change of direction that warrants a refund. they seen to be making this decision to help fit and finish. if the plastic is thin and cheap you have a legitimate complaint, but i think nextbit are doing a good job of bringing their design ideals to the phone within the constraints of production realities. maybe the plastic/metal back can be seen in future nextbit designs
go @nextbit ! i believe in your phone and i trust you for making the right decision, if you say that plastic feels better than metal, so be it!
i never make a comment before but after reading update 13. plastic back ??? that was not i was told when i backed this project. i consider this a major change for the phone comestic. i would not mind if the change is for the better (i.e better processor, ram, camera ) but not a downgrade. i think before @nextbit make a final decision, @nextbit should ask us(as cosumers) or survey, if want the metal back or the "seamless" aka plastic  back. or option for refund. im really dissapoint with the change.
@casualt there have been some white nexus phones, and quite a few others. i don't use cases and the plastic doesn't hold up over time. that's why i think i'm gonna change to electric. gonna wait for the new pics next week before i decide though.
i am thinking the mint will look really cheap as well. i mean who can think of another plastic white phone other than iphone 3 and 3gs????
@casualt i didn't say "i dont care"
@nextbit it's less than two months for expected delivery and you're making major design decision now. i am disappointed at the very least. i want my money back or i want a metal phone. on. the. outside. and for those people that seem to be ok with this. well some of us aren't, so save it.
since marshmallow will have wifi calling baked into it officially, will the robin have it on their software? cdma version has sprint that uses it gsm version has tmobile that uses it. thanks,
@nextbit are you guys still planning on us having the choice of using a "classic" and "simple" launcher? in the beginning you guys mentioned there'd be the option, but more recently only the "simple" version has been mentioned/shown off. side note: i'm really glad we can change our color options still. i think the now white plastic back on mint might look really cheap. thinking electric will look better.
so much for the nice engraved cloud logo on the back.
the big deal is we paid for it and it was a reason i decided to back this project. its cosmetic and i can see it. no one cares that you don't care. i am agreeing with the people that care.
@oliver well this phone was also targeted at android enthusiast who love to mod, change roms and flash custom kernels. for those people the cloud features might not even be there anymore
i don't see what the big deal is with the all plastic back. i think we should remember why we all chose to back up robin. i understand design is important and i get it. i want a nice phone too and think we should all focus a lil more in the software side. we do want to be the first phone with integrated cloud. its why i originally backed nextbit. for innovation of the software. the leap forward. thats what robin is about. and design too lol
about our shift to a plastic back: tl;dr even though the back is plastic, the phone still has a metal chassis so it feels solid the plastic infused metal wasn’t meeting our high expectations for a seamless look this is does not make robin feel any cheaper, nor is it any cheaper to manufacture from @scroyle: we tried out two different variations of the overall structure. metal back with an internal plastic chassis and plastic back with an internal plastic/metal chassis. for the metal back, we leveraged a process called nmt which means that the we take a stamped piece of metal, etch it and shoot plastic into the areas where we have antennae. for example, our nfc is on the back surface so the metal housing had a plastic window to allow the antenna to work.  a related benefit of a metal back housing is that it's easier to handle electrostatic discharge(esd). we would then polish the plastic/metal and paint the back surface. it's not looking so hot and while we haven't given up, we have to make a decision now to meet our timeline. for the plastic version, we can have a solid plastic surface which makes painting easier. we also have an internal chassis which gives the phone a solid structure. the down side is solving esd is a little trickier. in particular, esd around the power button/fingerprint sensor has been a challenge. we have a solution which involves additional flex circuit ground planes and some additional on board circuitry. after reviewing the options, we decided to go with the second approach. while the cost is comparable between the two options, the finish should be better and also give us a solid feel.
on scott croyle's instagram page, in the comments, he says its metal frame inside and thicker plastic outside. i don't understand all this chatter of disappointment. nexus 5x, which is in same price range also have plastic back. at $349 ($299 for me), if you expect a premium device, i am sorry mate, you are expecting too much. if they test and confirm that it doesn't affect the experience, i don't mind. after 3 months with robin, you are saying you will still be buzzing about whether your phone has plastic back or metal? i don't think so, you just don't care. and it's gonna be in a case, you or nobody will think about the material of phone's back. stop discouraging nextbit from going out of the herd and give you something different. that's how business works, maybe it's the design decision, maybe they want to make more money... do you guys really think it's gonna make much difference? as an it guy, i feel it's the software that matters, not hardware... surprised? yes... disappointed? no...
@sameer i meant for people in other countries. also, i would rather get the robin even if i lived outside of the u.s, i just wanted to make the comparison.
i just forgot the part about special sim tray. is it included with our perk and what about color choice?
@giacomo cetorelli the one plus x is a garbage phone. it lacks north america lte
one last thing, i think this is a good moment to mention the newly released one plus x. retailing for only 250$ (almost half of what robin will retail for) it is able to have a completely glass and metal design. yes, it has an older processor (801 vs 808) but the 801 should run well for most users. and despite the invite system required to purchase the oneplus x, it will definitely arrive at your door step sooner than the robin.
i'm not against the full plastic phone, but this doesn't justify the previous price tag. so, please i'm asking you for partial refund because the current manufacturing cost for the phone is much lower than before. and we paid for it thinking it has metal. thank you
i agree with @casualt that it seems a little sneaky to add that in at the last minute, and devote exactly two sentences to it in the update. on the other hand, if it is high quality plastic, and if it is truly done for a reason other than price, it shouldn't be a problem.
seems like they tried to slip that wee bit of important information in there!
i would like a partial refund due to not having a metal back. i was actually really excited about that. i don't care about fingerprints... @david pittman i think you said it best. nextbit let us choose so much why did they not let us choose this. seems like money was more of an issue. this phone has been 2 years in the making you think they would have figured this out by now...
@nextbit i have been asking since day one. can you please, please have a hands on event in nyc? also, when do you plan on posting camera samples? thanks!
i'm sure there are reasons, but the move to plastic is definitely disappointing.
i think we deserve a chance to bail out at this point as this is not the same quality finish that was promised originally. definitely would not do it if this was disclosed before the deadline.
i don't think it's fair nextbit changed the back to plastic when we were promised metal infused with plastic, wouldn't they save money by switching to plastic?
bit concerned about the change to all plastic back.
nextbit must be really under stress to deliver but again, that's the life you get if you work project-after-project. plastic is ok, but indeed an odd choice after months of showing promises of milled metal and talking about everyone being able to do zero gap construction so it's not a big deal anymore. on another note, i have woes with their attitude towards privacy. i exclusively noted that i don't want my information sent to backerkit, but they did. guess what i got - an apology. i swallowed that and noted that they should update the privacy page on their website because it's completely illegible as grey text on text. they said they will update and it's been 2 full weeks. so the bottom line - i still love the design, possibly will still be delighted with it but the joy will be subdued than it could have been. i will possibly disable the cloud first thing and let the adventurers suffer before i eventually enable it when it allows media sync and all the privacy issues are cleared.
if you guys actually held the robin in your hands, you'd understand that moving to plastic for the back makes a lot of sense. the problem with the metal infused material is that it left a ton of fingerprints. i got a chance to play around at the babbq, and trust me, i was a bit concerned with the texture. now, i feel better about how the material will turn out. however, i love the deeper black of electric and changed my choice!
thats to bad about the all plastic  back  but oh well nothing we can do about now.
i'm now really dissapointed nextbit...the last 2 months we didn't get any pictures, no informations or videos about fingerprinter, camera..no real pictures about the cases, chargers, screenprotectors nothing! and now you just decide to change the back in all plastic!!!!!!!!!!!!! sorry that makes robin just like a cheap old phone!!! my nexus 5 looks after a half year like it would be 3 years old and i suppose the robin will be same looking...
lol i honestly do not understand the rage about the plastic back. you guys pledged this project, you did not buy a finished product! changes are expected and are a part of the journey during product development! nextbit are doing awesome and i love the transparency about the phone! keep kicking ass and work hard :)
so long as the plastic casing is a premium grade plastic (much like a nexus 5x) i am ok with it. if it helps with the overall fit and finish, i trust their judgement. it is unfortunate though, as i was interested in the metal infused body.
i'm not super concerned about the move from a metal back to a plastic back, but i can totally understand if people are. i really hope the nextbit folks speak more about the reasoning behind this (and at some length, maybe with some q and a). aluminum phones seem to be the current premium trend, and this definitely moves the phone from a near premium device to a solid mid ranger, if not the best mid ranger around. but every project has choices to make. you can't always get what you want.
i currently have an m8 that has the equivalent of a scratches case, so i'd probably go with that. are the prices the same now as they will be on retail? i guess i kinda want to see/hold it before i decide to "hide" it.
@ian webster scratches case for the translucent tone to show off the electric colorway and a bruises case cause i really enjoy the midgnight color. if i could get a mint bruises case...that would be bamf. @nextbit wink wink ;)
what are your thoughts on cases, guys? i am totally going with electric, but i'm almost afraid to put a case on it because i don't want to cover that gorgeous tron (yes, i said it) blue.
@nextbit the electric looks awesome. however, the ranking for the phones have seemed to change to: (1) electric, (2) mint, (3) midnight. and if you guys end up coming to new york, lemme know! i'll swing by!
@rebels headphones: yes, we will support the ctia standard plastic screen protector: it'll be made of pet, not tpu hope you all enjoy the latest update :)
@alin bucur they already showed the actual electric variant model over on their twitter and instagram page. yes, they should probably put something together for this main page and they will in due time. it should be reiterated that survey options and choices can change before the final date.
@newman, it's 32gb.
@daniel, the lighting of the picture in the instagram posting gives a dark hue to the phone; the electric is probably brighter than it looks.
what's the storage size on the phone i backed?
@geoffrey i totally agree with you mate. a complete set of pictures is long overdue especially for the electric variant. personally i would choose the electric being an early backer and all, but i would really like to see pictures of the actuall phone in the electric colours, not a photoshop rendering before i make that choice. @nextbit pretty please?? ;)
my apologies check their instagram page out https://instagram.com/p/9tsyk1ismz/…
@geoffrey you can find pictures of all 3 phones. photos i'd rather be done right, than rushed. not like its going anywhere. for @nextbit, will your ui support widgets?
@nextbit will we have an issue with squaretrade warranty?
hey geoffrey, you know you can change your option for the survey, right? however, yes, i think some high-res side by side comparisons would be helpful for some backers.
nextbit promised a while ago that we will have high-res pictures of the 3 designs, but it's still not there.... i can't see any good reason for it to take that long...it's just bloody pictures...we have been asking it for so long, please post that nextbit, we need it to fill our survey...
@chris i think he's talking about the camera picture samples.
@ casualt  they posted in here with links to all of it too, but just no official update, so they havent been absent from the kickstarter page.
@ casualt  and if you are referring to just pictures of the final colors and phone, they have posted them on instagram and i think facebook.  they have been providing tiny updates on social medias.
@casualt they said november to december. let's wait until december. @joseph it's gonna be type a to type c.
@nexbit - can i use the type c to type c to charge my phone, or is it only type a to type c?
@casualt - they posted some on instagram, via @scroyole @nextbitsys just not here. i'm sure they will come
interesting we never received an update as promised... i don't like that. they promised pictures. please update. thank you kindly.
@jean-serge it's basically stock android with just some minor adjustments. they take security updates very seriously and as such will work on getting them out as quickly as they can. remember, they're working without carriers which will help getting updates out even quicker.
the custom android on robin: is it close to the latest version (6) and will there be timely security update?
@nextbit no updates for this week..?
@jon bane they said robin is releasing with marshmallow
what is the time frame for updating the os to use the marshmallow base?
@casualt that's exactly what i was thinking ! a few weeks ago nextbit post something releated to this, that they are trying to ship all in january !!
@casualt  well im guessing the early backers are probably just the initial small batch to test and see how production goes at the mass level.  then normal backers and pre-sale are probably all the first full production batch
i think what people don't actually realize that nexbit plans to roll at all devices for january. not just for early backers. that is their hope/goal... anyway
@voon it is scheduled to be delivered by january (for early backers) & february (for others). no changes orofficial updates from their side..that means it is going as planned..hope we will receive our robin as promised by nextbit..
any updates on the delivery date or is this one of those things where no updates = everything is on schedule! can't wait for january to be here already.
guys (and girls ), i hear that my provider is rolling out 4g+  and that is already included in iphone 6s and galaxy s6. is this something that is also in robin?
sticking with my original choice electric , very eye catching, roll on jan/feb
oh man, the colour decision is way harder now.
everyone: here's a photo of the final version of robin electric, posted by scott croyle! https://instagram.com/p/9tmfonwjiq/…
i asked this before but don't remember getting an answer. is there any special consideration for the headphone jack for those of us who use our phones as mp3 players. given the use of dual front speakers i'd think that audio quality is important to nextbit and hope it extends to headphone/audio jack use. doesn't need to be a dedicated dac or anything but a small amp or higher output jack to drive nicer headphones would be appreciated if possible.
hey hey... welcome back @abe :)
what's up everyone. i missed a lot of dialogue. gonna have to catch up and read way back. we have about a few more months left. i'm getting excited each day!
@chris frank gotta agree with you fully on that. nextbit has been so interactive with us, it'd be hard to be upset with them about anything at this point. the transparency is a huge plus, and their community engagement is second to few, i'm sure. it probably helps that nextbit has so many key players in the android and smartphone world. experience + professionalism + drive = epic win (nextbit). #iwantmyrobin
@nextbit @everyone have you guys been watching the ubik uno debacle at all? (another smartphone around the same time our campaign was running)  seems like they greatly exaggerated their shipping/production timelines and have been lacking transparency.  looks like a lot of frustrated backers.  probably a good model to examine and avoid, especially when the inevitable delays occur for us.  our community definitely seems much stronger than what they were able to establish.
@edmond - i read about it. the opo lacked support for ctia headsets but oneplus fixed that with the op2. am sure nextbit will answer your question and my guess is there will be no issue with the robin (ctia is the most common standard).
hey @praveen, thanks for your explanation, i understand the button don't work between platforms (which i am not concern about), i am talking about just the mic itself, on my oneplus the ear piece works but not all mics on the headphone works, however on my samsung nexus, nexus5 every brand i have owned or tried works. i am no expert on this, first i thought i got a defective and i reported back to oneplus, which they ignored me, i did ask people on oneplus forum, people explain to me this is a standard or licensing issue (which no clue what they are talking about). if nextbit is going to do the same and cheap out on this. might need to consider alternative.
@edmond - afaik, headsets work the same across all android phones. it isn't the same story across platforms however i.e. between ios / android / windows phone.
hey @nextbit, do you have a answer to my previous question? i don't want to go through this stupid process again finding a headphone that works. (i am not talking about $2.00 china knockoff, i mean real brands like beats, sennheiser, bose, whatever in the market).
hey @nextbit , w that new video i didn't see any sight of widgets. will there be any support for them in your ui?
@david pittman & @krish yea, i posted the same deal about the screen protectors from xtremeguard originally, but some people were complaining about the quality at that price.  the code i mentioned was giant90 to give you 90% off sitewide and it still works to drop the price to $2.00: http://www.xtremeguard.com/nextbit-robin-screen-protector-p/nextbit_robin_screen_protector.htm give it a try for those that want it.
@daniel steffen @geoffrey for 4g, we have listed bands instead of frequencies. we cover both 800 and 2600 @martin rutkowski we are definitely focused on making sure the finish stays nice and crispy for the life of the phone. the mint model in the video did not have any finish on the paint to protect it.
@deniz our minds at rest
@deniz thanks for putting our minds at rest
i'm in france and 4g works on band 2600 on my network (free)...will it work with the robin ?
@deniz: perfect. thanks for the information. if i just had checked the specs from the robin more closely, i wouldnt have to ask :-) cant wait to receive it
@daniel steffen @darren anslow: the robin supports the following bands - gsm 850/900/1800/1900  hspa 850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100  lte bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28 the lte bands deliver 4g in europe and the commonest used are 3, 7 and 20. so robin is fully 4g/lte covered.
@jordan brilliant , thanks mate.
@darren anslow i believe 4g also works on frequency 1800 for three.  http://support.three.co.uk/srvs/cgi-bin/webisapi.dll…
good question @daniel , i'm an early adopter but am on the three network in the uk , my 4g frequency is 800 . like i say i love the concept of the phone but am not willing to settle for 3g !! @nextbit can you advise us please ?  also if 4g is unavailable can we cancel our order and receive a refund? a lot to ask but we really need to know , thanks darren
@nextbit: robin supports the 4g but only for the frequencies 850 to 1900, but in europe most 4g base on the frequencies 800 and 2600! does it mean that we from europe won't be able to  use 4g??
i've ordered screen protectors with my robins. anyway they're not cheap if you need to ship to europe. maybe, in time, we can order a few packs for country specific user groups.
@ david it was offered with 90% discount 2 weeks before. but, as i am from a different country, i will have to pay extra shipping charges. so, its not gonna work for me..:(
just checking in
@david pittman - xtremeguard works so quick! i already ordered a tempered screen protector from nexbit though.
*heavy breathing* i hopefully will get my phone in time for pokemon go!  sooooo excited!
please give a comment about the edges of the mint version. will they stain like in the video?
can we have an answer for the 4g in france please?
i think the screen protectors, six of them, are for $1.99 on ebay. http://www.ebay.com/itm/351548646862
hey everyone! i was picking up some screen protectors for another device, and xtreme guard has screen protectors for the robin. they currently are running 75 percent off all orders, so it makes it like $2 after the discount, plus free shipping. the code is fall75. i like a wet apply screen protector, but i know it isn't for everyone. just some options. http://www.xtremeguard.com/nextbit-robin-screen-protector-p/nextbit_robin_screen_protector.htm
@chris the gsm version will work with at&t and t-mobile. the cdma version will work with verizon and sprint. this is just because they have different bands we would need to support @cheung kin keung we don't have specific dates, but we expect shipment in february 2016. the center is plastic-infused metal @ron newton following up in a message regarding this!
@pol blancafort .. cheers man for the video.. i'm bit skeptical about the color now!! i chose the mint and looks like its getting dirty on the edges. not sure how far the paint protection will help to mitigate the issue. if the finish is soft as it seems , it will be good to hold but will attract particles and edges will eventually go black which is not a good look at all!! @nextbit please give us some confidence in choosing mint .. or better go for the safer bet midnight ???
hey guys ! if you haven't watched already, watch this awesome video from @macmixing ! it's the best video i've seen about robin ! and you can see the updates with android m !!!! https://youtu.be/pzqeh1pvx7k
while we wait for an update, here's something to read: http://www.androidauthority.com/quick-charge-3-0-explained-643053/ the robin features quick charge 2.0.
@nextbit eagerly waiting for this week's update..hope to see it soon...!!
will the $349 reward robin be "truly" carrier unlocked? will it be compatible w/ both att and verizon networks (cdma and gsm) or will i have to pick one or the other
@eduardo @andrew a cellphone charger will never push more current into a phone than the phone can accept. essentially, the charger has a regulator that is rated for up to a certain amount (e.g. 3.0a). as long as the voltage is correct (which it is, as usb is standardized), the phone will simply use as much power as it can, but no more. tldr: if the robin only supports 2.4a charging, it will charge at full speed using any charger that is capable of 2.4a or more. that being said, it ships with a usb a to usb c cable, so usb c chargers will not work unless you also purchase a usb c to usb c cable for it.
hi nextbit, i am a $349 backer, and just want to know whether i can receive the phone at, early feb or late feb 2016? besides, also want to know the material used at the middle? and at the two ends?  and what texture feels?  like the back of nexus 5? thanks.
@nextbit https://www.youtube.com/watch… the phones shown in this video are production versions or still evt's? also, yes..good questions on the charging..will the usb type a support 3a charging??
@chin-yen, not sure you will get a response posting in chinese ...
@eduardo - good question. like to know too. most qc chargers are 2.4 amp but if robin supports 3 amp, that would significantly affect the choices.
@nextbit  if i want to get my money back from my pledge how do i go about doing so? i love the phone just don't want to wait until january/february to receive it and kind of need a phone now
if i want to get my money back from my pledge how do i go about doing so? i love the phone just don't want to wait until january/february  to receive it and kind of need a phone now
@nextbit we desperately want pics of the 3 designs plzzzzz !!! that's been asked for so long ! otherwise, i'm also interested with the question asked by vaujour about the 4g frequencies. thanks !
@nextbit what is the maximum amps and voltage this device will take to charge on usb type c? cause i'm seeing some chargers online that support 3 amps but not sure if it will damage the robin, are you guys going to sell usb type c to c?
您好，請問之前付款時沒有選擇顏色跟送貨地址，這樣您要怎麼寄給我呢？
@nextbit - important! on the backerkit survey, they say that robin will support the 4g but only for the frequencies 850 to 1900, but in france the 4g is based on the frequencies 800 and 2600! does it mean that i won't be able to have the 4g in france?
thanks praveen! looks like electric looks good too... looking forward to more pics of electric
i'm pretty sure its black. i could be wrong but it looks hella black.
@casualt isn't it dark grey...?
black
what color is the body of the electric version? midnight?
@robin ang - take a look at this pic in case you haven't already. :-) https://instagram.com/p/9f1gutqjkp/
@creator nextbit , thanks for the infomation.
when will we have more pictures of the elusive electric color?
@peter iverson try this :) https://robin-the-smarter-smartphone.backerkit.com/
don't recall seeing a survey coming across my email?  maybe missing some other tidbits too - like color and things?  what needs to happen to have this either verified or redone?  anyone?
@edmond certainly it doesn't comes with a headphone..your second question is a good one..most probably it will work with all major brands...need confirmation from nextbit though..
@edmond - doesnt come with headphones.
is it possible to pay the add-on using paypal?
will it come with headphones? if not will it work with all type or brands headphones+mic? i had a oneplus and not all brands headphone+mic works, especially the ones made for iphone. will nextbit cheap out and do the same?
my bad sorry .
@kunal - nextbit had clarified that the fast charger will only be included with phones that are part of backers' rewards. additional phones (ordered via backerkit) will not include a fast charger.
@kunal you will get a quick charger and a usb c cable though you will need to indicate what country you are from so they get the right outlet
@nextbit- initially i pledged 1$ during the campaign, however i added the phone in my kart after i got the survey in my mail. added the 349$ pack where it is mentioned that we're gonna get a robin and a cable. are we gonna get a fast charger as well? since you guys hit the 1 million mark(as mentioned in the stretch), i assume you're gonna send a fast charger at least to all backer's. can you please confirm about the issue? waiting for your response.
it's sad they aren't going to be providing the camera2 api :( in case anyone has noticed (don't go jumping to conclusions when i say this) but the one plus x that was announced recently seems to have the same samsung isocell sensor as the robin, the pictures look pretty good so far considering it's using an old snapdragon 801 processor. i say this because most of the software optimization that nextbit is doing will probably make the pictures look better than the one plus x, so in case anyone is curious of what the camera can do minimum (nextbit software optimizations will probably render better results than one plus x) you can check out some sample photos from one plus that they have posted up.
@daru no..no usb otg support..i have confirmed it with them..
sorry, @robin not @rob :(
@rob if i am not wrong robin will come with two different launchers version but i didnt see the choice of launcher at the survey? or robin will come with two launchers in same robin (we can log in different launchers by myself) and i never use android system (i using windows phone)  so i dont know what's the different between two launchers, if possible would you please upload video to show the different if only one launcher we have. thanks
@robin, can i use two different email account (gmail or others) to lock into the phone and robin cloud?
someone has probably already noted this, but i just did a comparison and the robin matches or beats the nexus 5x on just about everything except maybe the camera, and its retail price is $30 less than the 32 gig version of the 5x. and of course it's far, far cooler! and the robin will be getting prompt os updates just like the nexus, right @nextbit?
curious does it has usb otg?
@rogerm- see this post by droid life to expand on what @nextbit said, especially if you don't already have a verizon sim (it's about the nexus phones, but applies to any non-carrier phone like robin that works on verizon bands):  http://www.droid-life.com/2015/10/22/activating -a-nexus-6p-or-5x-on-verizon-some-things-to-know/
@noorulabdeen ahmad it will not lock the device to a certain carrier, you can swap out sim cards from other carriers at any time :) robin is carrier unlocked and it stays that way
@nextbit i know this phone is unlocked, but if i put in a sim card will the device itself become locked with a certain carrier?
@rogerm nextbit is unlocked and will have fcc approval. verizon is obligated to allow you to use your sim in the phone thanks to a series of several court and fcc rulings. we have full compatibility with verizon networks, and all the regulatory approval necessary. you will be good to go
@nextbit - requesting you to provide a comparison of robin's camera with lg g4 and xperia 5. thanks a ton.
@kellie gossman, thanks but nextbit is going to have to give me there response if they did talk with verizon and was told it will be allowed to use with there plan's as your answer is still a bit iffy.
@rogerm i asked someone at my verizon store here a few weeks ago and they told me that it has to be globally unlocked i believe that's the term. and isn't robin globally unlocked since it's going all over the world?
@nextbit this was asked once, but it wasn't answered: is the screen laminated or not? thanks.
i haven't submitted my survey for the robin as i need the answer about robin with verizon. question is i talked with verizon reps and they said that they might not give a contract with the robin as there pretty strict with what phones they will let you use, now is it positive that we can use it with verizon or not? otherwise i'm going with t-mobile version.
@thomas mims one end is the large traditional usb a port, for plugging into computers and chargers. the other end is the new usb c.
@thomas mims - it is a usb type - c port on the charger
sorry to hear @joshua chng
really want this phone. but i might need to get a refund because of some financial issues :((
@thomas mims - the port on the charger is type-a.
@nextbit  will the quick charger have a type-a port or type-c port?
@night1505 @valli - helium is probably the main backup app for non-rooted phones; from past experience, it is a partial backup only and it is also a bit cumbersome without a sd card. but better than nothing i guess.
@nextbit - yes for the high res pictures! and we're 6 comments away (after my comment) from  6,000 comments!
@bosskar our team is in taiwan now, so we hope to get some good pictures when they come back. as far as your shipping address, we'll follow up in a message
i use helium backup to transfer, apps & app settings. it is the best for un-rooted phones; i guess.
@night1505 there's some tools you can use to make the transition easier. you can store some files on for example dropbox, or make a backup of your phone numbers with your google account (which i recommend even if you're not changing phones). that way you won't have to connect to a pc or not very long at least.
@rebels so, i've been thinking a lot about how i'm going to make the transition to robin, and was wondering what things you all do to transfer your phone data. naturally the first thing that comes to mind is to just move everything from my phone to a pc, then from the pc to my robin. any more elegant solutions out there? :)
@sean kirwin unfortunately, they answered this in the negative for another user almost a week ago. "@dimitre staykov  we do not currently have plans for project fi"
hello--i recently started using project fi from google and i'm really liking the coverage and service. any chance that the robin will be able to work with project fi at launch or soon after? please advise, thanks.
@chris: the midnight robin will have a midnight-colored volume rocker and a mint-colored power button.
is the color of the power button on the midnight robin going to be the same as the volume rocker (mint) or is it going to be midnight color? is there anyway to change it to the same color as the volume rocker? i just think its going to be hard to tell where the power button is if it's the same color as the body of the phone, just my 2 cents :) thanks
reading about the newly announced motorola droid turbo 2 phone today reminds me of the excellent build quality of phones made by motorola, even with polycarbonate body; in that regard, i hope the robin's build quality will match because that will be my benchmark for a non unibody build. although i am onboard for the whole concept and design, the build quality at the end of the day also defines the brand and quality.
congrats to ringtone contest winners. @ nextbit we need high resolution pics of all 3 robins, cases, cases on robin, etc to complete our survey heartfully... most of the backers getting " sorry we couldn't find your address, please change it" while updating shipping address. so please have a look on it & give us some clarity...
@nextbit ty for the updates its nice to know whats up with the robin currently.
i know this is probably a unique opinion, but i would love to see some wood cases for this phone.
sort of looks purple lol
re. my previous message, this is the link to the shade card:  http://www.art-paints.com/paints/ceramic/spectrum/low-stone/midnight-sky/midnight-sky.html
@mariana: it is a dark grey shade with blue tones. as an example of a similar (not the same) shade, check out this picture of the midnight sky colour used by ford: http://i.ytimg.com/vi/rkakc8o-ypu/maxresdefault.jpg. shade card for midnight sky (you can see it the blue value is higher than red and green): http://www.art-paints.com/paints/ceramic/spectrum/low-stone/midnight-sky/midnight-sky-xlg.jpg
@mariana the midnight is acrually more greyish..not that blue seen somewhere..actually that blue looks more plasticky..midnight looks awesome..
guys. i'm torn. is midnight that awesome navy/dark dark blue i see on the web? or is it more grey? does anyone know? and would the case have the mint buttons? i'm so flipping pumped to show off my robin.
@nextbit quick question i couldn't find the answer too, is the display laminated to the glass? (ie. only very small gap between display and touch surface)
@nextbit sweet, thanks guys!
@shane mobbs @lars updated sizing chart: http://i.imgur.com/g0fmq8q.png
@sly the usa/japan power adaptor is also good for canada. they are one in the same.
is there a power adapter for canada? you only list usa/japan :-) oh and it would be handy to show the colours with the names beside it somewhere.
i would like to see some more info on the shirt as well, i'm not very familiar with the imperial units. i have a medium for basically everything, but i'm afraid it'll run too small...
@nextbit any news on an updated size chart for the tees. earlier you mentioned you were working on it. only reason i haven't completed my survey yet.
@janet hammerlund the shirts are unisex. there should be a link in your confirmation email to update survey responses :) @kuot thiik announcement coming very soon. sorry for the delay, our team has been busy, busy. we were super impressed with everyone's submissions! @eduardo castillo we're only offering plastic and tempered glass screen protectors right now. as far as i know, they will not have extra coating but i'll check and see if there's a better answer.
i am 2200 miles from home, and on a public computer.  many of your "make a choice" pages are blocked on this computer.  are your shirt sizes based on mens' or womens' sizes?  how do i change a choice that i just made for a phone protector?
they've probably been very busy with the android bbq and their trip to thaiwan, we'll hear about it soon enough i reckon :)
@kuot i was also about to ask that..it was supposed to be declared two days before...
does anyone know what happened to the ringtone competition?
@praveen yes..i forgot to mention you actually...what you said was absolutely right..!! for our daily needs those full screen thumbnails will be more than enough..if there is an option to offload camera pics and videos right after it is taken, that will be a lifesaver...that will indirectly convert our robin to a 64/128 gb phone..waiting for confirmation from @nextbit..
@krish: that is exactly what i said. however, it may still be possible to offload hi-res photos aggressively (via some controls that nextbit might provide) rather than wait until you look like running out of space. also, when you say the app will be sent to the cloud, only some portion of the app data will be offloaded to the cloud while the rest might be deleted to free up space (e.g. a music app where the cached songs could be deleted while the credentials / preferences are backed up to the cloud).
@kaspar / @praveen i don't think it is like that. the higher resolution files in the phone are transferred to the cloud when phone run out of memory. so, the file size in phone and cloud will be different. for eg, a 4mb photo will be sent to cloud leaving 100kb file in the phone. in case of apps, the app will be sent to the cloud when it is not in use leaving nothing i guess. it will be taken back only when needed. so, the duplication part doesn't play a big role here considering the file size.
@nextbit, are either of the screen protectors offered in the survey shatter resistant?  or have any sort of coating?
@kaspar: not everything that is on your phone will be replicated in the cloud. a lot of space on the phone (around 4gb on my current phone, should be more on the robin) is reserved for android system use for e.g. besides this, app data / cache (games and music apps can store many gbs locally) takes up a big chunk of local storage which isn't being backed up to the cloud by nextbit (this could change later). only photos / videos, some app data (credentials / state) are backed up to the cloud. so, it is likely that only a small percentage of your local data is duplicated.
@khang yes i know i corrected myself. thank you though
@kaspar u are exactly correct!
@ krish: its still abit different. its 32gb on the phone and 100gb cloud. but if you have e.g. 30gb filled on your phone there is only 70gb left in your cloud because there is a backup of those 30gb in the cloud allready. so basicly you will have not more than 100gb aviable becouse of dublication. also to consider is that atm robin can only delete photos+apps on your phone not videos, music etc. yet.
@nextbit / @all will there be an option to send all the captured camera photos to the cloud right after the photo is taken instead of waiting for the photo to be unused for a while.. i believe, 90% of our needs like sharing it in whatsapp and viewing photos in gallery will be possible with the low resolution screen size thumbnail that it leaves..so it will be very helpful if there is an option like that..
@praveen thanks bro..i was cofused as nextbit advertise it as 100 gb total...i hope nextbit has confirmed the same...
@casualt - the volume buttons on midnight will be midnightmidnight , not mint colored.
@sean - ît should because of bluetooth connectivity.
@krish : it is 32 gb offline (inbuilt) + 100 gb online (cloud).
thanks lars
@steve the shipping cost includes all vat, customs and whatnot, so you won't get any surprises when it gets shipped. there won't be any additional costs, so no worries!
i have a question; will the robin be compatible with all smart watchs out there? because i'm thinking about getting one around the time i get my robin. possibly the moto 360
i should have stated it was usps which was used in my example below.
how much research has gone into uk shipping please? i just got hit with a customs charge (don't know how much yet) for a board game that i backed on ks and which was shipped from the states. i don't want this happening gain, so need to be sure that delivery methods will ensure uk customs doesn't bend me over, like in the above case! thanks
@nextbit on behalf of all the rebels, i have a request.. we are heading towards our third stretch goal when considering backers in both kickstarter and backerkit. so, could you please consider offering that extra 29 gb storage once we reach our 1.5m stretch goal...?
i have a doubt about the storage... will we get 32 gb inbuilt + 100 gb cloud, so total 132gb storage or total 100 gb including inbuilt and cloud ( 32 + 68 )..?
i saw that this question was asked, but i didn't see if it was answered: will @nextbit offer an open house type event for backers in the sf bay area?
@ericka you should check the updates, i think one or two has some more information about the cases. it may not be much, but it's something :)
@nextbit - periscope link pls
can there be a nextbit booth in london?
have the creators said how the cases will be? like will they be a little bit flexible, where it feels like when you're taking it off the phone it's like peeling off? or will they be hard plastic?
periscope link is gone..can anyone give me a working link..?
i'm not really sold on the app disabling feature (i'd rather get more storage) but i backed it because it looks great.
nevermind they answered this via twitter volume button will be midnight...
yah i know there are many conflicting informations on this! are the volume buttons going to be mint or not? this question has been asked but yet we see the midnight phone all over with mint volume buttons...
is the midnight robin at adroidbbq the final color scheme? or is that before the change?
thanks buddy worked perfect!
@ casualt.  try this: https://www.periscope.tv/w/apptltu0mzm1mjr8mu93efdstvbsd0fluw00furz7ewcw4-arj8dsvgirgwv5-ffgogvakz_o4oq
anyone have a link to their latest periscope? thanks
any closeup real pic of electric? now after nextbit has gone public preorder with midnight n mint, electric suddenly looks attractive cause its limited edition....anyone has similar sentiment??
@ericka, nope, you can use two different cards :) i wondered the same thing and nextbit confirmed it.
@lars okay thanks! i was just wondering if the card i used to for any add-ons i want had to be the same card i used for my initial pledge
@ericka you can use two different cards, one for your pledge and another for accessories you want to add (including another robin). i don't think it's possible to change the credit card you made your pledge with, since i assume those cards have been charged.
is it possible to change the credit card you want to use to purchase the robin? or do you have to use the one you used when making your initial pledge?
are you guys thinking of any options for fitness? like a arm band or belt?
@nextbit will the robin support slow mo? if so how many frames slow?
@nextbit i want to find out if the clock on the nextbit rom is like the white one - shown when we go to www.nextbit.com and not like the standard nexus type clock with bold text.
thanks @khang your small write up was great and the periscope video was off the chain good. i respect the team at next it and know once they keep with this formula they will have loyal happy customers!
@nextbit i just saw the water bottle and backpack picture in twitter...why dont you add them as add ons in backerkit survey..? many of us will be eager to buy that..
be sure to tune into our periscope at 11am ct today (5 minutes from now!)  the link will be on twitter. we'll be demo-ing android auto today :)
@eduardo castillo we do not support wi-fi calling, we would need to work with t-mobile for that which would prevent us from bringing robin directly to you :)
i've just seen this beauty: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/brillier/the-americana-project-by-brillier… thinking it will look nice with my electric robin...
@avi, modest syla yes, it's on the campaign on the specs list section; gsm version (for at&t and tmobile networks in the us; best choice for all international backers including canada) gsm 850/900/1800/1900     hspa 850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100     lte bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28 cdma version (for sprint and verizon networks in the us) cdma 800/1900     gsm 850/900/1800/1900     hspa 1700/1800/1900/2100     lte bands 1/2/3/4/7/13/20/25/26/41 glad to hear that audio is sounding pretty good, even if not completely otpimised yet. that's one of the things i hate about my lg g2.
@krish just had the team play the audio. it hasnt been tuned yet, but its reasonably strong coming from the speakers. brightness wasn't as bright as my nexus 5, but definitely brighter than my zenfone  2.
@modest syla sounds like you are looking for lte band 1 (2100 mhz) and gsm 900 mhz which is listed as supported on both models.  you can see it in the details on the backerkit link and probably somewhere on the campaign page, but here is the backerkit one: https://robin-the-smarter-smartphone.backerkit.com/hosted_preorders it sounds like you are an international user, so they would recommend getting the gsm version for the best compatibility.
@creator - can you point me to the radio spec sheet?  i recently purchased a moto g 3rd gen to hold me over and the particular model (xt1540) does not support the local bands here where i reside.  900 for 3g and 2100 for lte.  i want to know if the robin will support these frequencies/bands or whatever the term is.  my previous phone rip  samsung galaxy nexus i9250 did support the 3g band but not the 4g.
@creator - can the 100gb cloud storage be used for purposes other than offloading apps and files?
@praveen whatsapp group is waiting...
typo in prev msg: ignore "the way" :-)
@khang : thanks for the awesome write-up and photos. everything looks great, but the way the panel gaps at the top and bottom (of the screen / midsection) could be a concern. those areas could attract a lot of dust over time. a protector that covers the entire front panel + a case might be a necessity to keep the phone clean if these gaps are present in the final version.
@khang it was an awesome review mate...thank you so much...!! would like to know more about the sound quality and loudness...pls explain..
@khang thanks, read with pleasure.
thanks @khang for sharing your experience, it was a great read!
@khang: thanks a lot buddy for that awesome hands on review frm bbq.....
@alhad - the texture on the back is glossier (glossy-er?) than the nexus 5. fingerprints are much less noticeable on the mint model against the white. however, the texture/material could change later on, so i don't know. it seems like the top and bottom sections don't attract as much fingerprints on the midnight. @andrew - no worries! things will get worked out and i imagine it'll be a much tighter fit at the final stage.
@khang. thanks very much for the overview - reassuring to have a fellow backer touched it and experienced it. i do worry about how well the case parts fit seamlessly, not being a unibody, at least to the touch.
@kang.. thanks for sharing the information. one question , the body for midnight version seems to attract a lot of finger prints. is the texture same as nexus5 or nexus1?? thanks in advance
hey everyone! as promised, i'm at the big android bbq and i wrote up my overview of the robin, in both mint and midnight with a ton of pictures: https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3pvfbu/big_android_bbq_nextbit_and_my_thoughts_on_robin/
if comcast buys tmobile i will be moving to cricket. the tmobile version is the same as att correct?
@eduardo i agree, as a t-mobile user it would be nice to have wifi calling, but if i remember correctly the phones that get it are chosen by t-mobile and they control the updates and rollout
@krish - i never said you were forcing though, lol
@nextbit do you guys plan on adding some sort of certification for wifi calling on tmobile too? or is that a no go?
thanks @nextbit! just wanted to make sure i'd be ok.
the launcher is said to not contain an app drawer,  to be more iphone/miui ish.... will folders be available? widgets?
@nextbit in the periscope video part 1 , the midnight version is sporting mint volume rockers. please confirm if this is final design.
@all one more thing guyz... only 100 early adopter spots open in the group..so it will be on first come first serve basis...hurryyyy...;)
@minh-tri le we have full support for t-mobile. i believe there was a question around 1700/2100 which is actually listed under hspa for 3g. we are also actively working on getting band 12 certification. @dimitre staykov we do not currently have plans for project fi
@d'don we are not forcing anyone mate..its just a place where we can share our thoughts in a more convenient way..if somebody thinks its like exposing their number, better they prefer to stay away..this is a group for all those who love robin...
@nextbit if i remember correctly, i read somewhere that you guys are working on and trying to get google's project fi support for robin.  if that's correct, would both gsm and cdma versions would support project fi?  or only the cdma one because the project fi uses t-mobile but also sprint networks?  just wonder if i am interested in project fi which version would be more appropriate to order--gsm or cdma?
@krish they probably are interested, just probably feel some kinda way about exposing their numbers. lol
@krish - doing it right now.
@nextbit several people have voiced concerns about gsm bands for t-mobile or other companies here in the us. could you address that for everyone and not just iris? i think we'd all like to know. thanks.
so which shirt size are you guys going with? i'm still not entirely sure. i picked an m and i'm a 6 ft (1m80) dude of regular build..
@iris just followed up in a message with you, with some more details. essentially, we do have full support for verizon bands - technical explanation in the message :)
yeahh!. guys pls send your mobi-number to vichunni9@gmail.com. we have a whatapp group called robin family.
whatsapp group is waiting for you guyzz..i believe it will be a great idea..
@krish. thanks. i have sent my number to you for whatsapp.
@krish great.   i am a backer. have added my location but just needed to make sure about the delivery. thanks for your reply. :)
@kunal one more thing. only the early backers will receive robin in january..all others will get in only in february..that is what nextbit's plans are...so, even if you book it next month, you will get it in february i guess..but the second batch of production will be aimed at kickstarter backers..so, it might get even late for those who pre-order it...
@kunal nextbit is certainly going to deliver it in india. you are a backer na..? haven't you given your address yet..?? you can buy robin anytime..but, the price for normal buyers will be $399 instead of 299 & 349 in kickstarter...if you have already backed the project, you have time till dec 1 to lock your choices.. and about accessories, it normally differs from person to person. the one which i go for might not be your cup of tea. personally, i like to keep my robin as thin as possible. so, i went with scratches case and plastic screen protector..i don't know what your preferences are..
@vipin.. can you help me with my previous question?
http://www.theverge.com/2015/10/22/9591636/the-fingerprint-company-that-samsung-never-bought-is-now-dominating same company is making sensors fr robin! i knw its late news but jst an update!
@krish can you please help me with a query? i am not sure whether nextbit is going to deliver it in india.  if yes, can i place the order after a month or so? also, suggest me some add-ons. thanks.
still looking for an answer - i'm trying to understand this information from the survey: the survey says: cdma version (for sprint and verizon networks in the us)  cdma 800/1900 yet i see info on the web that says verizon uses 850/1900, while sprint uses 800/1900. so what gives? is this really supposed to work fully for verizon? a similar question for gsm - gsm version (for at&t and t-mobile networks in the us; best choice for all international backers including canada)  gsm 850/900/1800/1900 which is fine for at&t, but for t-mobile, which uses 1900, 1700/2100 for voice? if all of the frequencies a carrier uses are not covered, i presume that means a hit on coverage.  where i live, which is not really out in the boonies, at my house, t-mobile is a big fat zero.  on sprint, i've had a femtocell for years.  at&t has become much better in the last few years, as has verizon.  when we had verizon, before femtocells, we stood in the dining room window and did the "can you hear me now" routine.  we thought verizon would convert a nearby alltel tower when they bought them, but they did not, so we get some signal but never more than 2 out of 5 bars. so, can you help me understand how this works on verizon without 850? t-mobile is not really an issue, since around here (zip 43023) they've got too many holes, and never mind what their map says.
@chris frank thanks! the time is long.... and so many smartphones are going out meanwhile. it's tough to resist :)
@doug / @ d'don mail me your number to vichunni9@gmail.com will start a group..then we can add members later..
@ krish i'm interested
@d'don seems like no one else is interested..:/
so i came across a blue htc desire that i think just may have inspired the midnight colorway. http://images.cdn.stuff.tv/sites/stuff.tv/files/styles/big-image/public/brands/htc/desire_626/626-11.jpg… it looked surprisingly good irl and renewed my confidence my my choice as the robin is sleeker in design that the desire.
hey everyone and @nextbit team! i'm here in texas and can't wait to meet robin tomorrow. i'll try to take some pictures and give my thoughts!
thanks to all for clarifications...
@krish - i'd be up for it!
if i did not receive my survey, where can i get it?
@robert @geoffrey we're really trying to work on this, our team is headed taiwan next week so we're hoping to get a lot of images from this trip. thanks for your patience, guys! @mohamed faisal we're following up with you by responding to your message
@jeremy plan is still january, although kickstarters frequently have set backs.  wouldnt know real shipping date until they begin production.
@nextbit hi, i filled the survey. i'm one of the early special adopter (299$). question : there's nothing on the delivery date. will it still be january? i live in france. thanks for your answer and can't wait to get my mint robin :)
@nextbit - in addition to geoffrey request, could we also see a sneak peak of the "special" sim tray for early backers.  i don't think i've seen anything recently on the final version that will be going out.  thanks for all the hard work nextbit!  it is appreciated.
@nextbit you promised a while ago that we will have high res and real life pictures of the 3 designs but it's still not there. why ? a lot of people are waiting for that before filling the survey, why is it taking that long ?
@nextbit how are you going to charge for backerkit addons and upgrade.  i'm planning to upgrade to my pledge to distributor pack special..  i have credit daily card limit. i can not make payment on one go..
public preorders are now live! if you have friends who missed out, they can pre-order a robin and accessories today from our online store. kickstarter pricing has ended and robin is now $399. https://robin-the-smarter-smartphone.backerkit.com/hosted_preorders
if someone needs to take the initiative, i am ready for that..those who are willing, send me your phone number ( with code ) to my mail id.. if i recieve more than 10 numbers, i will start the group..later on we can add other interested people...what do you say guys..? i will share my mail id if there are enough responses..
guyzzzz..what @bosskar suggested is a cool idea..why dont we start a whatsapp group for convenience..? what do you guyz think...share your thoughts...
@bosskar just check one thing..is your autofill on..? is it filling your address fields..? then just remove what is autofilled and just enter the same manually..the same thing happened to me also..mine was ok when i manually entered the details..
@bosskar...eu round pin suits indian charging points.... and error for shipping address update might be due to wrong state/province....r u frm hyd? if so dont enter telengana, enter andhra pradesh....hope that helps..
@bosskar you might want to enter the address which your postal service recommends.
@ nextbit & all can create whatsapp group for sharing our community conversations?!?!?
@nextbit in survey when i updated my shipping address, it showing "sorry we couldn't find your location, please update correct address". this happened bcoz the shipping is meant for only certain locations or what?? whether i've to change again??
@nextbit & all among 4 chargers option, which one suits in india?
is it confirmed that robin is compatible with any quick charge v2 chargers out there? any recommendations for indoor and in-car use?
@nextbit: survey is also rolled out!!  next up is waiting eagerly, for some videos from big android bbq....os running on robin full fledged and some hands on camera....hope to see them!!
@rebels that's a great question about the screen protector.  @nextbit does it cover just the glass screen, or is it going to embody the whole front? also, is the end going to be curved for ease of use or is it going to be a sharp edge? also, is it oleophobic? and regarding the robin colorways, mint, electric, and midnight, you mentioned that we have until december's lockdown date. are you guys going to be visiting pop-up locations with the three robins for people to test out or see up close and personal?
@zhita do you think any of the online sellers will come to your house and fix it for you..if yes, please let me know ..i will go directly and applaud them for their service...!! nextbit is maintaining a great contact so far with us which most of the other companies fail to do...that is the best thing i like about them more than anything else...keep faith in them...!!
@nextbit please improve the wallpaper setter, the stock android one doesn't allow me to crop or zoom in and out of image before setting as my wallpaper on my nexus 4 :) maybe an add-on feature to your gallery app?  thanks for the amazing phone
@zhita - maybe you get this service from a walk-in store but could be asking too much from an online order?
if ordered the screen protector, nextbit able to help paste on phone?
@avi i understand that you were talking about the glass protector robin is offering..i also ordered their plastic protector.. lets see..so far nextbit has not made us disappointed in any means..hope they will continue to do that...!
@daniel mckenzie if you order another robin as an add on, it will come with the cable - but not a quick charger. @andy s the survey lockdown date is december 1st @ericka any robins ordered during the kickstarter come with a quick charger. add on robins do not come with a charger.
it comes with a charger as we met the first stretch goal. thus, we're able to select the adaptor plug type.
i'm kinda confused. if you purchase a robin, will it come with a charger? or do you have to purchase the charger as a separate add-on?
hello nextbit, will you let us know the last date that we can make changes to our order? i have not filled out my backer survey yet, as it will depend heavily on your final shipping partners.
@daniel i seem to remember them saying it would not ship with a wall adapter but i think it would come with the cable. the only reason we get the quick charger is because of meeting the goals
@krish @praveen: sorry if i was confusing anyone when i said i ordered the tempered glass. i was referring to the add-on from the campaign, not the xtremeguard protectors.  i only see the xtremeguard selling regular plastic screen protectors at the link; i don't think they are selling anything that is tempered glass for the robin.  so for the $.80 sale, it's just a plastic screen protector from them.  i did reach out to another manufacturer asking if they would be making glass screen protectors for this phone, but haven't heard anything yet. it's not that i don't trust the add-on offered by nextbit, i just don't know any details about the quality with so little information on the survey page.  other companies sell these at half the price we were offered, and considering the screen is a perfect rectangle, i think it was a bit of a price gouge.  i'm still ordering one, but should i need to replace it down the road (and assuming we only get one without any replacement protection) i hope there will be other options for us.
@ chris i know it will work with marshmallow i was more curious about the specs he quoted. i was the first one to post the link you posted months ago. thank you though.
@daniel yes it will there is no reason the extra phone you purchase won't come with its own charging. i mean really.
@ dan it called xposed framework
@nextbit any chance there will be a place in settings somewhere to set the soft buttons back to lolli/marshmallow default look?
i'm trying to convince my friend to get a phone with me. if i buy an extra phone, will i get a charging plug & cable with it or do i have to purchase another one for him?
@jason mcginty no worries, there should be a link in your confirmation for you to update. @shane mobbs yes, it's in inches. we're going to work on making a clearer chart for you all to look at, with conversions as well
@praveen - thanks for the info. and yeah, i actually have a  xtremeguard tempered glass screen protector on my lg g4 now. it's actually pretty good. instillation is just kinda hard.
how can i update my survey ??  i am moving and need to change the address.....
@nextbit is the t-shirt size chart in inches? it said 26 bust size for the xl i believe. that sounds really small. most xl have chest measurements of 42 inches or so.
@steven @casualt hey, robin will sport the fpc1145 fingerprint sensor unit. on the sensor's spec sheet it says "recommended host system spec for android integration: android version: 5.0, support for future android versions will be added continuously". sounds perfectly future (and marshmallow) proof to me! http://www.fingerprints.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/fpc1145_product-sheet.pdf
@ lars i agree with you. it would look silly. i bet it's just the screen itself.
@krish @praveen ah yes, i know what you mean, it was the same with my previous phone as well. but on those phones the camera and speaker cutouts were still on the same surface. on the robin the glass screen doesn't take up the entire phone, the glass stops above and under the speakers, then there's the bezel. see what i'm saying? wouldn't it be weird if the screen protector covered both the glass and the plastic/aluminum top and bottom? i hope i'm making sense...
@nextbit can u comment on what steven said? thanks
hoping the fingerprint sensor meets the requirements for marshmallow? some of the requirements listed below (pulled from android compatibility definition). must have a false acceptance rate not higher than 0.002%. must have a hardware-backed keystore implementation, and perform the fingerprint matching in a trusted execution environment (tee) or on a chip with a secure channel to the tee. must have all identifiable fingerprint data encrypted and cryptographically authenticated such that they cannot be acquired, read or altered outside of the trusted execution environment (tee) as documented in the implementation guidelines on the android open source project site.
@d'don: it comes bundled with a 1m (or ~3 ft) cable.
what color do you all think will have the best resale value (not that i will definitely sell, but i ordered a 6p and if it's really good it will be hard to give up after a couple months of use)?  i personally like the mint, but am wondering if the exclusivity of the electric blue might make it easier to sell, if i need to do that (although i was supremely disappointed by that contest, so i kind of don't want to support that one).
@avi / @krish:  xtremeguard screen protectors are of reasonably good quality (great for the price as they always have some sale running). their hd protectors (dry application) work great but don't last that long. but at the price, you could probably buy a few and replace once in a while. :-) i have no idea about their tempered glass protectors, though.
@lars - understable. me too. it does come with a cable, but i don't know the length of it.
@lars: the tempered glass protector on my current phone covers the entire front panel and has cutouts for the sensors / camera. since tempered glass is thicker (~0.4mm) than plastic films (~0.1mm), you'll likely feel the edges with your fingers if it covers just the screen.
@lars what @praveen raised is a valid point..if it covers the whole front panel, that will be better.. bt in case of robin, i dont know how it will look like with those matte finish top and bottom caps covered with a plasticky material..
@avi i ordered plastic type..need minimal scratch protection only..that too i think overpriced..overpriced in the sense it is expensive than the other brands available in the market..bt i expect good quality as it is from our nextbit team..also the original one will always give the best fit..that faith prompted me to go for it..! the one you posted is a great deal for people live in us..they will get a tempered glass protector for just 0.80 $..
@josh vandecar good catch! we'll look into that and get an update
@krish cheap in price, yes.  cheap in quality, that i can't say one way or another.  i never purchased this brand so i'm simply sharing a deal that someone may be interested in.  i ordered the tempered glass, but think it's overpriced (and no description of quality or warranty).
@creator you have shirts up to 4xl but that chart only showed up to 2xl
sizing chart for the tshirt: http://i.imgur.com/ucgtj9r.png
@praveen why? it's a screen protector, right? not a phone protector, there's cases for that. that's how i see it at least..
anyone see the new htc one a9? that's a nice iphone, what a disappointment. glad i chose the robin.
@nextbit: i trust the tempered glass screen protector will cover the front panel completely and not just the screen. :-)
here's accurate colors for midnight: https://twitter.com/nextbitsys/status/648980766244884482 it's a dark grey - but with some blue tones in it.
@ avi those might be some very cheap screen protectors...i think so..cant rely on them..
@lars already the price is premium..atleast for we indians..because for this price we will get a dozen here..:d so no way that shipping cost will be additional.. i expect the quality of the accessories also to be at premium level for this price range...!
i think many of you have thought that 1st and third option are same.. first one is 6 inch long and third one is 6 feet long.. as simple as that...!!
@lars the charging cable which is bundled with robin is 3 ft ( 1 mtr ).. other optional cables are : 1) 6 inch ( 0.15 mtr ) 2) 6 ft ( 2 mtr ) 3) 3 ft ( 1 mtr - same as the original one )
i found another deal for those interested in a screen protector: http://slickdeals.net/f/8173022-xtremeguard-90-off-free-shipping use coupon code giant90 to drop the price from $7.99 to $.80: http://www.xtremeguard.com/nextbit-robin-screen-protector-p/nextbit_robin_screen_protector.htm i'm going with the tempered glass so no deal for me...
@d'don thanks for clearing that up :) i'm getting a bruises case and a tempered glass screen protector, yeah i want my robin to be as well protected as it can be! also, the robin comes with a 3" charging cable by default, right? you don't have to add it to your survey, do you?
@lars - yeah, i agree with @krish. i don't think we have to pay extra for shipping for the accessories.
whoa. watching the htc livestream for the a9. i like the moves oems are making towards unlocking bootloaders, selling direct to consumers. this is good for everyone
thank god i confirmed the standard cable is 3". i would've had two of the same cables. what did everyone else buy as add-on?
with the phone, it's 1m (3 feet)  as mentioned in one of the comments below
@angelo, if you look carefully, 1 and 3 aren't the same length. it's 6 inch vs 6 feet (2m)
sorry my friends/fellow rebels, i just had to! lol! ee unveils the robin, a new 4g tablet for kids http://flip.it/bv2a7
no one's mention the additional charger cord or cable.  the have 3 options and if i'm correct 1 and 3 are the same length but third cord measures thicker cord.  so is there a quality issue?  in the us i don't generally see choice in cable quality.  what do we receive with our phone?
also, i presume the charging cable available as an add-on is still usb 2.0? will usb 3.0 cables be offered before shipping?
questions about the screen protectors and scratch cover: 1. do both screen protectors only cover the screen portion, or cover the caps as well with cut-outs for the speakers? 2. is the scratch cover a hard piece of plastic, or is it more like a soft molded case which can be 'peeled' off the phone for removal?
my concern with mint is whether the white will get marked over time, and hard to remove.
@nextbit i haven't received my survey yet (i got the kickstarter special)
a similar question for gsm - gsm version (for at&t and t-mobile networks in the us; best choice for all international backers including canada)  gsm 850/900/1800/1900 which is fine for at&t, but for t-mobile, which uses 1900, 1700/2100 for voice?
@dustin you can adapt it. just click the link of the confirmation. everything is changeable until january normally... except for the credit-card, that seems to be locked for the moment.
ok, problem - the survey says: cdma version (for sprint and verizon networks in the us)  cdma 800/1900 yet i see info that says verizon uses 850/1900, while sprint uses 800/1900.  so what gives?  is this really supposed to work for verizon?
i think i changed my mind and want a different color, but i have already filled out my survey....am i screwed??
aiaiai. i'll check with here tonight.
@rik: it isn't jst 'midnight'...its 'midnight blue'....so it will be lil blue rather than black/grey as u intended
problem is that my wife, looking at other pictures, thought it was closer to gray/black. in my country midnight isn't blue-ish ;)
@rik...it doesn't seem so blue for me, i feel its perfect...i liked both colors....but opted for mint because wanted to have my robin to stand out of other devices when i hold it...
@vipin b menon it still seems very blue there, no?
@all: who are looking for pictures to decide on color....hope this might help... http://www.androidcentral.com/hands-nextbit-robin
@nextbit...man!! its too hard to choose between both colors....love them both (mint and midnight)....after 5-6 hrs of dilemma filled survey with mint robin and midnight bumps case....phew!!  @scott should kill you and your team man for the awesome design and choice of colors :p kidding!! thanks nextbit.....can't wait for my robin!!! :) :) :)
can't bloody decide... @nexbit i need some videos/pictures to help with all the colours d: i want to see an electric mock-up in all the cases, please. :)
i'm from belgium as well (mobistar). the gsm version is best suited for the eu, and robin supports all the bands that our providers use for 4g, so i don't see why it wouldn't work..
yep maarten, i'm from belgium. i'm on telenet (which is mobistar i think) and i just assumed it would work...
for belgium gsm version or cdma? at mobistar they say robin doesn't support 4g-netwerk? or there other backers from belgium? what netwerk you guys are on?
@krish ah, as i expected. thank you for the reply, they had me a bit worried there.
@lars no..nothing extra needs to be paid..
@d'don @andrew wait, i haven't checked out yet, do you have to pay additional shipping just for a case or screen protector?
hello you guys eagerly waiting to get hands on robin. seems to be insanely awesome.  when are you going to deliver it in india?
@d'don washington, at the moment when you check-out, the shipping cost is additional for add-ons and separate to the pledge level shipping cost - dont know if this is intentional or just system driven.
thanks deniz.  the film thickness tempered ??? it is 0.3mm ??
@andrew - i hope so. i thought it shipped with the robin, so it was included with the robin's shipping cost.
@davide imbolito, per l'italia prendi il modello gsm. cdma è praticamente solo per gli americani. @all - is anyone getting the scratches case? its thinness really appeals to me!
if you order another robin in the survey, does it include a usb type c to usb type a (regular usb) connector? do we have to order another one if we do?
for italy gsm o cdma??? thank
are the bumps cases full of holes (which can trap lint, dust and potentially be more abrasive when those get between the case and the phone)?
re:  the collectibles, is the cost so high due to lack of mass production like the android collectibles?  how large is the figure?  is there a real picture of it?
agree with @jonny esp how the phone colors will come through on different colored bumps cases.
i agree with @d'don. although i do wonder if the additional shipping cost for add-ons can be waived if it is part of the same order and presumably shipped together?
is the plastic screen protector the liquid skin kind (spraying liquid on screen) or the sticker kind? i prefer the former (i have one only iphone 6 and it sits perfectly on it).
does the backerkit number have anything to do with the shipping? i was fortunate enough to get in the early backers club and i still hope ill be on the january shipping list.
at this late stage i would like to see some camera samples.  also agree with the other posters, what's with the crappy images of the cases and colorways.  please put some high resolution images up with all the combinations so people can make informed choices.
i honestly didn't care how much i sent. i'm happy to have my accessories and for nextbit to make a profit and to continue staying a profitable business. super excited =d
why not make a video showing each accessory on the phone so each of us can get a better idea of the look instead of just a picture
i was lucky and got in at 775
not sure why some folks are saying the bumps is 35.00 i got it for 25.00 which seems fair i paid 22.00 for my incipio for my old nokia 925
i'm the 1,657th on backerkit for robin. as of now, i've selected mint with tempered glass protection + translucent casing. (it's a tough choice, really.) i'll decide if amendment is required when @nextbit update us with more pictures and information.
@jerry. you can add the cases (or any other add ons for that matter) until the lockdown date which is estimated to be december 1, 2015.  we all have plenty of time to solidify our exact case/accessory selection but this gives them a good idea of where to get started. @peter is dead on that the current scale of robin is much, much lower than that of already established companies so volume pricing isn't going to be ideal.  i imagine the limited scale is also why it's taking some time to get the pictures (high resolution, case lip, etc) we all want of the cases, phones, phones in cases, etc. out there.  given nextbit's responsiveness and continued engagement of this community, i don't think we have a lot to worry about - i bet they give us all the information we need to make our decisions before the lockdown date.
i too would like to see more pictures of the cases.  the prices are ok for the cases, but the glass screen protector at $20 is way to high.  i would also love to get a mascot. but $40, wow... since i would like to see more of the pictures of the cases, can we add the cases later, or should we wait to do the survey?
@angelo @mark. i felt a similar way, altho was more understanding because i know they probably put a lot of the last week's into development of these accessories.  all companies make good money off these things, if i have to give it to someone i want it to go to nextbit.  usb c cords can be found for like 8-10 on amazon, 15 isn't bad to support them as a non manufacturer. nice otterbox can be 10-50 depending on the phone. i thought 35 was getting up there for bruises but i was also impressed with the design.  how does the case seemlessly seem to transfer between plastic and rubber. 20 is getting up there for tempered glass too, about double amazon.  however, i was fine paying the extra to support this company, as long as, they are quality products. bruises better not be held together with glue and fall apart. the tempered glass better not fit wrong or leave glue residue all over or air gaps. scratches better not start turning yellow tint after a month (part of the reason i like the frost look to it). i don't worry too much about the quality tho, nextbit has my trust for now. this has been a fun experience.
why type of charger does it use?  where can i buy extras?  is it universal ?  where i can just order one from amazon?
@peter. thanks man. i'm probably raging a bit. i'm in several campaigns and there seem to be alot unforseen cost.
still waiting for the very special sim tray color options
i choose mint because that's the color that started this whole thing. i mean it's the original original. it's what defines robin. they show it in all their videos/appearances plus it was the color in their original concept video. they rock the mint every where they go. they also have mint color shoes. which i am totally going to try and find a pair. i also bought the midnight case because i want the best of both worlds! i just can't not pick mint. to me it's the one and only and is the poster child. it also will remind me every time i look at it that it was what made @nextbit and robin what it is today.
the prices seem pretty standard for the most part, at least from a us perspective. being an early adopter got a lot of us an amazing price for the phone so its important to realize that we aren't going to be able to get everything at cost/for dirt cheap. also, i'm assuming that its a bit pricer to get custom cases in small hundred unit amounts than bulk buying cases in 10k increments like other phone manufacturers can. that said, i agree that for the price we should expect a quality product and not a cheap throwaway like $10 mall kiosk cases but i'm not too worried about that.
that was the hardest choice of my life -- midnight or electric... i chose midnight.
@mark. thank you mark for being my father and my conscious.  i don't think it b.s and zim not a petty person and i stand by my comments and i know manufacturing and i think that all excessive and i'm a capitalit.  so thank mark. aren't you the guy who always had a comment about something?  i think lm one of the many positive supporters.
@angelo thats b.s  your whole comment an otterbox cost much more.  if you get a zagg screen protector you are looking at 25.00. plus they don't force you to buy it.
it's dunning i thought when they made their goals they would offer use protective cases now i see why not. because of the overcharging for them.
70 dollars in over priced accessories!  it's funny there all this talk of being different yet the rip off come with the accessories and shipping.  35 dollars for a cheap plastic case and 20 dollars for temered glass? i lives in asia and i understand manufacturing and cost and you would think that somewhere in this they would try to consider the people who are helping get this thing off the ground. they are making a killing off this crap.
@nextbit - could you please post some images of a front view(s) of the protective cases on the robin..  i'm having a tough time decided between the bruiser and bumper case, and would like to see the phone coverage of each case on the front of the handset.  thanks in advance!
where to fill up d survey?
@jay cooke we don't know yet if they will the same, but they will be at the very least similar. we'll have more answers in about a month. @andy s 1) we're working on getting pictures of the front of the cases for this purpose. please say tuned! 3) we don't have this finalized yet, we'll let you know if we get answers soon.
i went with the original mint and a sky blue bumps case
is it killing anyone elses gut that they have to pick the exclusive color for the exclusivity instead of the mint or midnight...? i chose electric with a midnight bumps... very excited. nextbit you never answered me when i asked what color combinations you guys are choosing!!! :d
awesome, glad this is going out. couple of questions nextbit. 1) it's a bit hard to tell, but does the scrapes case, go all the way around (the bottom and top) the phone? does that case, and bumps for that matter, cause a slight raised lip so the phone can be placed face down? 2) what @jay cooke said, wondering this myself. 3) any word on who you are using to ship to canada (please say usps)
got the electric with scratches case and tempered glass screen protector. can't wait to start the new year with my new phone.
is the sky blue case the same blue as the blue on the electric colorway?
@motunrola oyebolu yep, working on getting those details
mint and sunset case for the 151st backer!
is there a size guide for the t shirts?
went with midnight and a tempered glass cover. i hope (and expect given the quality of the team) that the cover will be thin/uniform and fit the aesthetics of the case (which is why i'm opting out of an additional case atm, quality irl pics might change that before the first). here's hoping that the midnight color/final model of the phone looks as good as it does in that render.
@chris frank we don't currently have plans for a mint bruises cast. yes, you will still be able to purchase in the future. the cable that comes with robin is our standard (1m / 3') @lars you should be able to use a different credit card @all thanks for all your responses so far!
can we buy add one later at the same price?
does anyone here have any concern about the electric device not blending well with the fog bump case? thanks for your judgement
excellent survey process...i ended up choosing electric
@henry the pictures are about the exact same as the pictures in update #9
i am doing the backer survey's section 3 (pick a case), there are 3 choices, and i clicked into the link above, but i can't see how 'scratches' and 'bumps' look like. any chance you can send me the photos of them please?
mint it is !!!!!!!!
@lamine np! also, i think i had a typo, in my post i described the colors for scratches and *bruises, not bumps, bumps is the one that comes in the 4 different colors
@chris franck : thanks buddy :-) didn't knew that
13th backer, 27th on the survey, i'm excited for this one!
@nextbit  also, is there any plans in the works for a bruises that is in the mint colorway? or electric for those ppl? minimal change in the look of the phone while still providing protection is what i desire.  and i assume we will able to order these accessories from you in the future outside of ks and the survey?
@nextbit are the tshirt sizes unisex?
bottoms up @nextbit have a pint on me!  as i raise my cup of tea to your health, wealth & success! cheers!
would it be possible for us to see what the bumps cases look like on the mint prototypes in real life? one of the reasons why this phone appealed to me was the mint colorway (though i'm eagerly waiting to see an electric prototype) and i don't want a case to mask that. the description for the cases from an earlier update say you can see the colors through the perforations, but the pictures posted make it seem like that's hardly the case (no pun intended).
survey done! :)  thank you for a very smooth survey system/process!  very impressed with @nextbit
i think i remember seeing this discussed earlier, but what is the length of the charging cord that comes with the phone, and i just wanted to confirm there is a cord coming with the original pledge, correct?
a small question for @nextbit. i don't personally own a credit card, a good friend of mine used his to make my pledge, and that pledged has been billed. now i added a case and a screen protector in the survey, naturally it asks for my payment information. the problem is, however, that said friend is out of town for the time being, so am i able to use my girlfriend's card instead? or does the survey credit card have to be the same as the one i used to make my pledge?
@lamine unless you had a different survey, the color options only exist for the middle case, scratches and bumps only come in frost translucent and midnight, respectively.  only the color on the survey exist.
yep.  but, no clear pictures of the phone color options though..  hope the images get released soon, i'd like to submit my survey today.
for canada or france, we chose the first one (not the verizon one)?
midnight with midnight bumps case! so excited!!
surveys are out!
yeah answered the survey. @nexbit creator : i've ordred one mint and one midnight, and also two cases, but didn't see any option for the cases colors ? how are going to sorte that ?
just got my survey too
survey out!
i have been refreshing my emails every 30 seconds...  not that i'm excited or anything
@chris frank i overlooked that detail, you're right it could be i get that other robin later in february, i hope to hear from nextbit though
@eduardo  i would assume the 2nd $350 dollar robin would have to wait til feb., as i am guessing that 1,000 early backers represent the approximate amount of their first production batch.  but i could be wrong.
@nextbit, is there anyway to transfer all the app to the robin from my galaxy edge or i will have to download them from the play store?
what happened to baton?  obviously the offloading to the cloud came from there but i wonder if you would include it with robin for those who use 3rd party launchers?  it would give users the ability to customise the home screens and manage apps etc..  just a thought! :)
@nextbit, one more question i forgot to ask, if i order another nextbit robin, will it be charged to my debit card immediately? that same day? or another day when you start asking backers to give their final decision?
i have a few questions @nextbit that i'd like answered unless the community here can answer them. 1. if i am a very early backer (with estimated shipping in january) and i decide to get the electric colorway, would that delay my order over someone who picks midnight or mint because those were the original colors ? 2.if i'm an early backer and i add another robin for $350 in the survey, would that device arrive to me around january too as a very early backer? or would i have to wait until febuary for the 2nd device? 3.can you give me the exact colors being used on the electric color way? either as html color codes or just the exact hue of blue or mint used for the top as well as the black or grey color used for the body? i know nextbit won't have any real world representations of this color anytime soon as it will cost money just to specifically manufacture 1 electric blue colored phone but i'd like to know because i'm fighting between electric and midnight colorways. thank you nextbit for making an amazing phone
i can't wait for the survey, but you guys gotta get out the high-res and preferably non-rendered photos of the final phone and case designs
you shouldn't have said that nextbit! now i'll be refreshing my mailbox for the rest of my evening...
why are you not providing the high res and real-life pictures of the 3 designs before the survey ?? everybody is really waiting for that for a long time now.
please provide hd pictures of robin, so that its easy to choose in survey!
@nextbit sweet!! can't wait.
@all love hearing all your thoughts on color/case combinations! we're getting the survey out today, stay tuned!
*heavy breathing* soon we will have the survey
@andrew  i believe they described bruises as the top and bottom portions being rubberized to easily absorb any corner drops, the middle part is probably still some sort of plastic.
@andrew for $35 dollars i believe the bruises case will feel like a premium case. really don't have any doubts about that.
i am thinking the choice of cases will depend on the materials used e.g. are the scratches cases made from soft silicon and the others of stiffer materials? i hope the bruises cases are not too plasticky in feel. it would help to have a video of the cases and ideally showing the different combination of colors (phone and case).
electric with scratches case and screen guard...!! very minimal..but that will do the job....:)
electric and bruise case with screen protector since i tend to drop my keys in my pocket/bag with my phone
@alicia, hinds. i'm probably going to go midnight with fog bump case (maybe a bit boring but should be easy to live with day-to-day and being the darkest phone colour does need a light contrasting colour to offset that). a part of me is still leaning towards electric though.
my wife is chosing midnight with the blue (sky) case, i'm surely going for the electric one and probably the transparent/scratches case... i'm however used to a sleeve so if there's a flip-case or sleeve available the case won't be used anymore. for screen protector, i've never used that before (due to sleeve). i'm not sure why you would add weight and extra thickness to your phone, i don't have single scratch on my galaxy s2 and i think that screen is't as hard as robins' one...
i miss the bluer midnight. the new color seems so bland and boring. :/
i'm sad to see there is no mint bruises case. so.. i guest i'll be going with mint colorway with midnight bruises case.
@robert niel i couldn't agree you you more. haha. what colors have have you decided on?
@hinds i think i m gonna take the same combination than you, i just want to see more pictures of the red case, because if it's too pink i m gonna take the "cloud" one !
sadly avi..  i've already bought it..  i've had strong nesting instincts for little bundle of joy coming in january.
not sure if anyone is looking for a car charger yet, but i saw this deal for a qc 2.0 one on amazon: http://slickdeals.net/f/8164658-aukey-quick-charge-2-0-usb-30w-2-port-car-charger-3-3-micro-usb-cable-8-free-shipping-w-prime
january can't come soon enough, my current phone's screen got cracked the other night :(
@robert niel what's your combination gonna be? i'm thinking mint and red case for myself!
i just read an article about our robin... so happy and excited to know that foxconn (guys who manufacture iphone) are robin's manufacturers too..not sure how many of you are aware of it...anyway no worries about the build quality whatsoever...super excited...:)
@alicia, your iphone knows its being replaced so it's rebelling. lol after much procrastination, i think i have finally decided on my combination of phone colour and case. but that could still change right up to the point i hit send on the backer kit survey. ha ha
@nextbit a flipcase would be ideal.
so that it could update*^ see even the auto correct sucks on this thing. lol
can't wait for my survey! my stupid iphone ran out memory so stoked updated needed apps and i had to delete music,photos,games,and other apps just to update needed apps . loving the idea and of not having to mess with this stuff any longer more and more!! :)
@nexbit - i have a question. you all have mentioned on multiple occassions that when you have access to the internet/online, you're phone acts like a 100gb model. so, with that, there lies my question. so let's say i use up all of my local online storage, but i'm online (have data access) whether wifi or 4g lte, can i still access my files like i would on my local storage? now, i know you currently don't back up videos and music, but for photos and/or apps, would i be able too? btw, i have an unlimited data plan and coverage wherever i go, so being online isn't an issue for me.
@mark sure, i don't see why not. how else would they sell their device after kickstarter?
@praveen ty for the link .. it was very informative. looks like im outside of there demographics at age 47 lol oh well. it was interesting to see what went into the phone and that this isn't just a one time deal and that there will be future iterations.
@lars  ty. i didnt know they were going to sell them on there website . that is good news. so if  we need an extra charger or are usb c cable gets lost ,need a case we can get them later?
uh, i was updating a bunch of apps today and it just suddenly stopped updating, you guessed it, i ran out of storage... my robin can't come soon enough!
@pol blancafort: sorry, i didn't see you had already posted the link. :-)
@gianluca da prato they will provide us with some high res pictures of both the phones and the cases so we can choose with relative certainty which one we like best.
@backers: catch the complete discussion with scott croyle at launch mobile here: https://youtu.be/xh3gzhwe6uo…
@nextbit will we get high res pictures of the three colors before the backer survey?
https://youtu.be/xh3gzhwe6uo - watch @scroyle talking about robin on the launch mobile day 2 !! at 5:03:10
@mark schwacofer of course it will be possible to buy a robin later on. they will open sales on their own website early next year, so i assume at around february, when the backers have received theirs.
@rebels, @nextbit what will be the cost of screen protectors..?? ( tempered glass and normal seperately )
hi can i check if it's possible to remove the cameras on this phone cos i can't bring camera phone to my work place. otherwise it will just be an weekend phone for me again.
@pol blancafort, whats the big rush for the survey, robin won't be out till 3+ months anyway? get a coloring book and color some phones while you wait, eeegad!!!  it's only a phone!
bummer have to wait until next week
@luna,  add video to your good ring tone, then we would have lunavision!  : 0)
@luna that sounds amazing! <3
what's the sense of having the other 2 colors when electric is the only one that will never be made for the retail public, as it's for the backers of robin only color, why would you not only want that one? i couldn't take watching all of the ux team video that meek provided, was more for kid's than anything, stupid... sorry. i wish i could see the colors of robin as my chromebook shows a matted screen, so they all look like dull , pretty boring colors.  : 0(  i'd like to hear what the speakers are going to sound like and screen resolution than all this chat on the colors. buy a coloring book to keep yourselves happy!
@pol check the update! they're coming in a few days.
http://soundcloud.com/user-929474565/robintune -fluteypulsesynth
will we be able to purchase a phone later in feb or so? my wife wants to try mine first. for some reason i get the feeling she doesn't trust me.
@paulo pires unfortunately, there's no way to add a $299 reward at this time. you will be able to add another device at the $349 level in the survey, if you want :) @pol blancafort coming soon, we're working really hard to make sure it's a smooth and easy experience for you guys!
@nextbit any news about the survey ? i can't wait it any more !!!
h nextbit, i can see there's one less backer for the $299 reward. is it possible for me to increase my _contribution_ so that i can have two devices instead of one?
@jay when i went to the mall zagg has custom fit. i have a sony t ultra which is a 6 inch phone that  is an odd size .they measured the screen and cut to fit it was like 25.00 , but guarenteed for life.
loved the periscope! so stoked that is shipping with m. next week can't come soon enough!
@eduardo it's not nokia. look at his/her profile and comments. it doesn't sound like nokia. lol.
@nokia technologies omg it's nokia!! :d
congratulations @nextbitnextbit you are creating a new unique character in the smartphone business. keep up the good job.
sorry i missed the periscope. it was really good. thanks so much for doing that @nextbit. just another way you guys have set yourselves apart. #torn on color.
@meek - great job!  thanks for that.  exciting times!!!!
@everyone here's the mobile and desktop stream of the ux team i recorded for those who missed it or would like to watch it later. https://drive.google.com/folder/d/0b42np-sdj6ipbwytvertthm4oek/edit
loving the look of robin!! i finally uploaded my full and mini entry for #robintune https://soundcloud.com/fatbenjamin/red-breast-ringtone https://soundcloud.com/fatbenjamin/red-breast-ringtone-mini hope you like @nextbit. :)
@nextbit no really.. thank you for bringing us behind the scenes and showing off some of the hardworking nexbit teamsters. i really hope i to develop the skills to work for nexbit one day. lemme know if the ux deptartment is looking to expand :)
thanks for tuning into our periscope everyone!
@jay cooke great question. we don't have plans for this currently. @rik brouwers it's not as blue as that picture. we're working on getting some more high resolution pictures for you guys. here's a picture of midnight from our social media, before the change on the power key: https://twitter.com/nextbitsys/status/648980766244884482
i liked the way they showed it.. ashley (the designer girl) mentions that mint is their flagship color, so all the design decisions and elements are based on that color, am defo goin with mint.. yay.. and that mm announcement was totally unexpected..
@lars, you're the best :)
nextbit....u guys r insane....tempting us with updates nd making us wait till jan or feb....@scott, chris, ashley, middle man :p - thanks fr periscope stream....@mike - tnks fr revealing tat u guys r working on m....
and here's the periscope stream. https://www.periscope.tv/w/ao_aeju0mzm1mjr8mvlxr29zvmd6z014dmwequwho2zqloklgi9mlalxub0cedjohhrvafe1ak5h
great periscope broadcast and android m off the bat will be shipped with the robin! january can't come quick enough!
@scott this is the all about android show video. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
awesome that you will ship with android m! :d
@nextbit, great periscope stream. excited that the 6.0 build is up and running on the nexus 5 testing devices. i hope robin ships with marshmallow!
does anyone have a link to the broadcast? couldn't find anyway of getting to this.
@nextbit @rebels i have a doubt about the scratches case..personally i prefer scratches for my robin as i wasnt it to be as original and thin as it is..i have been using similar cases dor my current phone..to be precise some transluscent plasticky thin flexible case( not silicon). but, when time goes on, it made scratches on my phone..i didnt noticed it as the cover was always on.. so before going for scratches, i would like to know what material is actually used..also the probability of getting scratched in long time usage..pls clarify my doubt.. posting some sample images.. http://img.dxcdn.com/productimages/sku_302768_3.jpg http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/mtawmfgxmdaw/z/cfkaaoxyvabsz0qs/$_12.jpg… http://i.ytimg.com/vi/2ehri5kqnsi/maxresdefault.jpg
@kuot if i remember correctly there will be a repair centre in europe, asia and america. should you have any issues you can send your phone there.
@devin m i believe periscope host the video for a couple of days. then its gone forever.
will there be a recording of the periscope live stream today?
yep, but do they have them? my wife wants the midnight but if it's as blue as below ( http://cnet2.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2015/09/04/d63b58e6-1ed8-41d5-aae9-9ae48247ccfe/def34bbdfdad23330003f1fc9c50b19f/nextbit-robin-9175-014.jpg ) i don't think she'll want it.
like peter, i would prefer to see irl pictures of the 3 designs !
will there be support for accidental damaged phones (with a fee of course). just in case i break my robin, can i come to you guys?
https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3nbk8v/just_some_thoughts_on_the_different_robin/ https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3oovte/just_some_thoughts_on_the_different_robin_cases/ shameless, i know: here are some posts of mine that i wrote up, they might help you make up your minds! :) seriously, i get the feeling half the comments right now are about being on the fence as far as colours are concerned hahaha
one way to think about colorways like mint and electric is how you feel when you look at them a year from now - will you feel the same as you do now? my current phone (moto x 1st gen) has a similar hue to midnight and i still think it is a nice color after 2 years; on the other hand while i find mint refreshing/new, i suspect i will be covering it up with a case after a while. so maybe those on the fence can get the mint/electric with both the scratches and bumps cases.
@jigish desai yes, mint look nice, but electric is kickstarter special. as for casing, i'm afraid translucent will turn yellowish over time.
@yvonne mint ftw... electric is just like a guy in the club, trying too hard to get noticed, but all the ladies are avoiding him for a reason...
i want to see irl more than higher rez renders at this point. the one picture mark posted (shows that the midnight might not be as dark as the renders suggest (might just be the lighting). also, i would like to know if there is going to be and cool tweaks to the camera app like double tap power to quick open or something.
can anyone help me? mint or electric.
@nextbit will retailers eventually offer screen protectors for the robin? i've used zagg products for years and was curious if they would be producing protectors for the robin.
@marcus thanks.:-)
@rebels don't forget about the ringtone remix contest! the contest ends this friday, 16 october 5 pm pst. you could win another robin, more details in update #7. we've had some great submissions so far, and we would love to see even more from our community. we know you're a talented bunch ;)
@hari- nextbit left a comment in update 6 that indicates the following, regarding the cable that comes with the charger, both included with the phone: "one end is the large traditional usb a port, for plugging into computers and chargers. the other end is the new usb c."
@nextbit will it have a usb type a to type c cable in the box?
@sean c- tempered glass is useful on any phone as an additional protective measure in case of drops, especially if you go without a case because you're phone looks awesome as is (thx @nextbit).  even with gg4, a solid drop can cause a crack or shatter.  me and the wife have had several drops with a tempered glass or plastic screen protector that resulted in just the added glass/protector being damaged but the underlying screen still fully in tact.   personally, i think i'm going to go with tempered glass/no case after the last few phones being case/plastic screen protector combo.
@abe . ty i will probably get the bumps
i'm wondering how necessary a tempered glass protector is with gorilla glass 4. i have a galaxy s3 with no protection and it's pristine 3 years later and mine is in my pocket while i weld and grind. the paint on the case is chipped and burnt but the screen is like new. the screen has had its share of abuse too!
@nextbit awesome, exactly what i was hoping for!
@michael chan - nextbit had confirmed that shipping costs include all applicable taxes / duties.
i am from canada, and i would like to know if there will be any other fees when this comes across the border?
@all we're working on getting higher res images of the phones and the cases, as well as images of the cases on the phones from the front! @lars we will offer tempered glass and plastic screen protectors.
@all: here's the link to y'day's all about android show with scott croyle, where they discuss android news and the robin. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@lars they have replied to someone's post about the screen guard..tempered glass screen protectors will be included as an optional buy during backer survey..
sorry about the triple post everyone!
so @nextbit, do you guys have any news on screen protectors? i knew you guys asked whether we'd be interested, but it's been pretty quiet ever since. do you know anything more by now?
hi! i love everything thats shown so far. cant wait to get my survey because it means im one step closer to this wonderful phone. i was just wondering, because i backed another product called blocks, if my robin will play well with my blocks?
@casualt - the button wasn't mint in the original photos of kickstarter - it was a brighter shade (like electric). they have clarified that the button will be mint colored now. it is possible they were debating between mint and the other shade for the buttons and decided on mint, taking in feedback from backers. you can find photos showing the color differences here: http://imgur.com/a/dkahj
@casualt no mate..actually the color of the power button on midnight wasn't mint in the beginning..it was  a more vibrant blue..close to electric in fact..i believe nextbit have gone with the taste of backers and changed it to mint...
i'm sorry but their acting like we decided about the mint power button on the midnight. lol. if you look at their original campaign photo from the very beginning it was always mint colored. i like it regardless and i'm happy. i'm thinking mint with midnight case. or midnight with frost case. still so undecided not one has pushed me to the other yet.
still i love the mint one, but i am concerning it will get dirty easily. is the material used easy to clean? also it will be great if it can self-healing just like lg g flex :) and still waiting for the photo samples.
@nextbit the image @martin posted seems to be more plasticky and cheap. please don't go with it if you have plans..its a humble request.
this is one of the latest video: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@martin that seems way to blue for me...
is the midnight colour still the same dark-blue or has the colour been tweaked? as in, is this picture still representable? http://cnet2.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2015/09/04/d63b58e6-1ed8-41d5-aae9-9ae48247ccfe/def34bbdfdad23330003f1fc9c50b19f/nextbit-robin-9175-014.jpg
lovely job on the cases @nexbit! the bruises one in particular looks awesome!
@nextbit we would like pictures of the 3 designs in hand, or in a better resolution to be able to choose !!
woooww...great update @nextbit...!! the electric have just outplayed the other two colorways...mint looks very dull when it is kept alongside with the electric. although my choice is between midnight and electric, many of the backers who kept on holding mint might have changed their choice now...;) the deciding factor for me was not only the color. it was the fact that the electric colorway is exclusive for the backers..that make it special for me...!! coming to the cases, it will be better if you can provide the case design images from different angles. still it is not clear for us how it will look like from different angles. the case colors have been awesome..great work from you guyz..:) now i want you to offer as many accessories as possible during the survey considering the fact that the backers are from different countries and none of them will be available in the market soon..!!
@nextbit the picture provided for color options doesn't give out any details. no zoom available no 360 views. i personally cannot decide based on the picture provide which color i want.
@nextbit any plans for a car holder for robin? (a nest of sorts) @anyone if nexbit does not end up producing a car holder has any one found a good universal one for a phone of this size that can charge with usb c?
@nextbit any plans for a car holder for robin? (a nest of sorts) @anyone if nexbit does not end up producing a car holder has any one found a good universal one for a phone of this size that can charge with usb c?
@nextbit any plans for a car holder for robin? (a nest of sorts) @anyone if nexbit does not end up producing a car holder has any one found a good universal one for a phone of this size that can charge with usb c?
latest update = *drool*
@chong, thanks for the clarification. now i'm happy again :)
@a.s. +1 for the front view plus it would be even better if you can zoom in like what you experience when viewing pics on amazon products.
@suraj - scrapes is translucent so the original color of the phone will come thru? the pics used the mint phone so that's what you see.
@nextbit, can we have scrapes in midnight? i love the phone's design and the fact that it's slim but am not a fan of mint. i want to have the slimmest protection in midnight. please :|
@nextbit - i agree with @a.s. and additionally, i would like a higher resolution (size that is) pic of the 3 nextbit color schemes, and the cases if you'd please.
i'm back. i hope there will be a link to watch the streaming offline. nice update @nextbit. i may still get a mint, but electric is still unique to kickstarter edition.
i know i've asked already, but would anyone be willing to take my early bird off my hands? i'm not looking to profit at all. $324 is all i'm looking for. thanks!
also a tempered glass screen protector, or even a non-glass on would be really appreciated. sounds like many other backers think the same. thanks for the update!
will the cases have a lip to protect the screen when you place the phone face down?
@nextbit i liked seeing all the different case choices, however, can we get an explanation of what the features of the three different types of cases are other than names? thanks!
@nextbit - sorry also forgot to ask if the cases are tpu or some other elastomer
@mark..yes the electric blue is only a kickstarter community editon, and nextbit has said that it will not be available to anyone else other than the backers- and that specific colorway will not be reproduced.
@nextbit - is it possible to post picture of what the cases look like from the front?  it'd be nice to see how the phones look from the front and how much of a lip the cases provide.
@shane...me too...i think seeing the final render of the electric next to the other colors has warmed me up to the color.
@nexbit, great showing on the all about android live cast, really enjoyed seeing the robin from multiple angles. some interesting cross-over discussion with the new android backup of app data in marshmallow so i'm interested to see where you guys take this.
@simon i'm still undecided as well. i was mint all the way until today, but now i kinda like the electric.
so...i definitely enjoyed the show...and i really like the case choices...still undecided on phone choice between mint or electric..or case...but i am very excited!
@nextbit - already up on the show, got there 8 minutes  before the original start of 5pm pst, lol
@mark schwacofer scrapes - $15 bumps - $25 bruises - $35 :) if you want all six, it'll be $150. @nextbit, will you be doing any bundle packages for accessories and/or cases? i'm fairly certain many customers will be purchasing an extra cable, maybe a dock charge, screen protector, and few cases. from a business perspective value-adding is lucrative on inventory and, and it's a win/win for people who will purchase these things but are on the fence with adding a bit extra for cost's sake. ;)
i like the mint , but my wife likes the electric blue .. now my understanding is the electric blue wont be available later?
how much are the cases?
@shane, i'm getting the same thing..i think they are setting up still.
has all about android started yet? i'm just getting a previously recorded thing on the link.
the order-mongering mild ocd in me wants to choose midnight, since it'll be the most uniform with the phone/charger/cable/case. combination. but the rebellious side is telling me to choose electric and forego uniformity.
@abe *capslock fist bump* ;)
i am sorry that it is not supported lte band6 and 19. they're important bands for japanese users.
mint power button on the midnight colorway!!!! now i'm torn again. okay i'll stop with the capslock.
@vaujour hoping to get surveys out by this weekend! @meek @all yes, it will be kept here: https://twit.tv/shows/all-about-android
#sorrynotsorryaboutcapslock 1. nextbit upcoming talks and discussion events 2. charger renditions and colors 3. case renditions and colors!!!!!! the midnight bruse case!!!!!
new update guys!
@everyone for anyone who misses the live show on all about android. i believe you will be able to watch it later too.
when will we have the survey? :)
@jerry turner at this time, we can really only do two different skus. thanks for the feedback! @christine lao no plans for a wallet case currently, nice suggestion :) @rebels don't forget to tune at 5pm pst to hear from scott on all about android: http://live.twit.tv/
it would be really awesome if you guys created a wallet case! ^_^
i know that you have already posted about having two skus, one for gsm and one for cdma.  i don't know if others would be willing to wait on a delay in hardware, but if you made one sku that handled both, i am sure it would make it easier on you guys as well as a better product.  also if you were to get both, then you could check with google on making it compatible with project fi.   just a thought, you could send a survey out to all backers and see what they think.  i am sure it would add to the hardware build time since it would be adjustments to the boards to handle both.
@kevin yeah ! it will be a nice way to share info, i'm with you !
i would love for nextbit to have a blog where you can keep everyone informed about progress made and where you can put links to all the other social media stuff you guys are doing. also a forum is definitely something all the rebels are waiting for. i would love to get more acquainted with everyone here but don't like the format of this comment section.
@lars- in case you missed it, nextbit is on reddit and occasionally comment there: https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/ @nextbit- cross posting on various networks (reddit, twitter, facebook, etc) is fine, we could just use more posts/pics/vids/info! since there's no universal space that everyone visits, maybe your website is a good start (with links to your other social media sites). a blog that is frequently updated with info, status, q&a, and links to your public events or being featured on other sites would be dope.  there's a lot of interest in what you guys are doing, even just posting seemingly random pics or vids will help satiate your backers and supporters (i thought the pic of the camera setup was great, and the bb8/drawings were real interesting). looking forward to the phone; keep it up and keep it coming-
hey, rebels, wuzzup...i've been away for awhile, anything new, or same stuff as during campaign, too lazy to scroll.
@laurence c.  i would interested in your offer. please contact me by email ar.rick(at)hotmail
i agree that the best way to keep in touch and the discussion going is probably some forums, but those are being worked on so we'll just have to be patient (btw any eta on this forum?). vine isn't a bad idea, there's also already snapchat, perhaps some more action on twitter?
@meek - you're the best! that's a great help for.people who can't catch it live. @doug c - you'll need to download the periscope app to watch the event live. it is available here:  https://www.periscope.tv/
i'm not familiar with periscope.  can someone please tell me how to join?  also, will there be highlights of the upcoming android bbq to see how the community welcomes the robin?  thanks for the reply!
i'm so pumped for thursday (friday for me) can't wait to see the phone up and running. #hype
@jerry turner we anticipate being able to support android pay with m. @rebels be sure to watch us on all about android tomorrow (tuesday) 5pm pst. here's the link: http://live.twit.tv/
can you confirm if the robin will work with android pay?  i have been hearing lots of issues with rooted phones as well as many with mods.
@praveen i got onto project fi. if no one is interested, i'll keep it. however i know some people here missed out or wanted a second at the early bird price. i still want @nextbit to succeed, that's why i backed. project fi, just benefits me financially now!
hi everybody, i am selling my early backer slot for exactly the same price i got it for (299 + 25 shipping/tax = $324). no profit made - just looking to find an easy exchange. please message me if you are interested (paypay / ebay verified). p.s. i apologize for posting this here.. don't know where else. i think the robin is shaping up to be a great phone. thanks!
@meek again, you are a rock star! keep up the good work man! i, for one, super appreciate you going through the trouble, as i'd likely miss out without you. :d
@praveen i believe it is hosted on periscope for a couple of days after the event then is gone forever. gonna try to screencast for those who might miss it.
@nextbit - thanks for the message! look fwd to detailed tech specs from you. it will help clear any doubts people may have. hope you can make the periscope recording available after the event.
why are people looking to sell their phones already??
wowww...happy to hear that @nextbit.. waiting for thursday...:)
u.s. only. not looking to make anything. just looking for someone that missed out that would like for that same price.
@nextbit sweet! i'll absolutely be there. can't wait.
would anyone want to buy my early bird off of me? if so please leave me with a say to contact!
@all we're having a periscope 10:30am pst on thursday, where you'll get some insight into our ux. hope you guys can join!
@krish it's hard to stay active at this point in time. project has been funded, updates have been issued and the dust has began to settle. also most questions about robin have been answered in this comments section. believe me. things will ramp up again soon. just give it some time and continue to remain active.
@nextbit i know you guyz are too busy with our robin..i was actually mentioning our rebels..no one is here for a while..it should not be like this..i wish to see  an always active forum.. @meek i too know that mate..we all are here na..?
@nextbit vine? maybe? this would give us access to follow you and see how the whole process unfolds in short teasers. thoughts?
is it to late to cancel your order after the project has been funded?
@all sorry if we've been a little quiet, working hard! we're looking into something like @trey estill said about showing you guys what we're working on more regularly, not just in the updates section. what do you guys think would be the best way to do this, besides snapchat of course?
@krish i believe they are hard at work trying to bring robin and all it's #baddassness to life. and i will anxiously wait for the cloud to be shipped to my front door. #nextnow
no messages for a whole day...hope you all are still alive..:(
what company will be used for shipping?
@j. s. sorry i missed that. agree on striking a balance between useful features and battery life.
@praveen if you read the conversation i was starting with laurence, you would understand that i was just giving an example as to phones doing more and still giving fairly good battery life, and that they (nextbit) should add some useful features as an option to users.
@steve no worries bro
@j. s. - since the moto x has an amoled screen, individual pixels can be powered on. this makes the ambient display feature possible without compromising battery life. lcd displays do not have this capability. @steve - yes. you can use the same sim.
thanks abdul
@steve the iphone 5s uses a nano sim, as far as i know, and so does the robin, so you're golden :)
i'm currently an iphone 5s non-technical user (uk on ee). no panic aboput this question but i may as well know now; will i need a replacement sim for the robin, or can i use the one from the iphone?
@laurence chan my last phone was a moto x 2014 (with a lesser battery than the nb) and it had always on, ambient display and it still last the whole day. it does makes me wonder how power hungry is their os, that features that most smartphones have and yet they last the entire day (with 3-4hrs sot) need to be left out for battery life considerations...
@laurence chan : double tap to wake is normally a user-selectable feature, that can be toggled on / off. i don't know about the exact battery impact of tap-to-wake, but my current low-end phone has it (the phone ces with cyanogenmod). although i don't use the feature, i did have it on for a few days and didn't notice a significant drop in uptime. @nextbit: you can try doing a survey to see if a majority of users want this feature. you could also explain the power impact if possible so users can understand.
@nextbit thanks for the reply! you are very responsive to your backers which i appreciate. i am sure you cannot give every feature every backer requests but i have a feeling that there's a large group of people who may want an always listening mode option. is there a way we may have the choice to enable it (even if it is disabled by default)? @j. s. my thoughts exactly! @daniel well said. there will always be groups of people who seek more battery life, but i think the key is to have the options for users to choose how they spend their battery power.
@nextbit will the robin support android auto?  just double checking before i buy a compatible headunit
@nextbit would it be possible to have always on listening, knock to wake etc. i mean they could be turn off by default but idk about the other backers but i would like to have the option even at the cost of some battery life.
@robert nguyen. i am planning to get the samsung gear s2 which is compatible with android 4.4 and up so it should work with robin.
thanks everybody. super helpful. can't wait to get my hands on this thing!
made a happy ringtone :) https://soundcloud.com/marcinr92/ringtone-for-nextbit-contest
@david you can choose your variant in the survey. all the kickstarter backers can choose their variant irrespective of what they chose while pledging. they will get the robin of their choice..so nothing to worry...:)
@toribio - i am sure they meant ok google won't work when the display is off i.e. always on listening isn't supported. @david lim - suggest you contact them via the contact me button. they will almost certainly arrange to send the gsm variant.
@nextbit wait, so ok google doesn't work period? or are there situations that it does
@david i believe you can still choose the non verizon model in the survey.
hey nextbit, i ordered the vzw version of the robin and was super looking forward to it. i also happened to be one of those that kept their unlimited data on vzw. now i just found out vzw is going to increase their unlimited plans to $50/month for people like me. this genuinely makes me want to jump ship to t-mobile but obviously the version of the robin i bought won't work on vzw. any way i can change the version i get? please let me know. #superupsetatvzw
heya fellow bird watchers, i just happened to stumble upon some info posted on comments on update (8): surveys coming mid october and electric blue is defs kickstarter exclusive. excite :)
@robet everything works, except apple watches. but you will be able to use android wear, samsung tizen and pebble!
so excited for the robin phone, this will be my first android phone ever, i've been using an iphone since the iphone 4s. i won't be able to use my apple watch anymore, so i was wondering what smartwatches will i be able to pair with the robin phone? i guess all the android wear ones? does that include the samsung gear s2 or do you have to have a samsung phone?
@william lai: nextbit have already confirmed they will try their best to ship it with android m. it will also depend on when google makes the source available. even if it ships with lollipop, it will receive an update to m very soon. on cloud storage, what we know is nextbit will move photos / videos to the cloud and also smartly move app data to free up space. you can also turn this on / off for specific apps. full backup / restore is likely a longer term goal. if by raw requirements, you mean backing up raw images to the cloud, i believe the software will allow that.
will there be any upgrade later on to android 6? and i am still quite blurry on how the cloud storage works. you know till android 5, the most challenging down side of android compare with ios is on the raw requirement and its easily heat up feature. i hope the cloud can be used as raw too, that would be awesome.
im happy with my investment. trust nextbit to put out the phone they promised and will wait as patiently as possible..i hope the cases are impact proof because i fall occasionly and my phone falls with me.
for everyone worried about battery life and willing to forgo useful features to improve it, perhaps nextbit can permanently lower the brightness, or event just not allow the screen to turn on at all. that would do wonders for battery life! :p in all seriousness, while i understand the fixation on battery life, there are many who will always demand more of it, at the expense of giving users the option to enable features that are of strong interest to some.
hey guys, first i want to state that this is going to be my first android experience and i am converting over from using iphone since their first generation phone. i have found myself deeply involved in this project and i get more and more excited each day. i check the kickstarter page at least once a day (waiting for update 9) and all the other social media locations. what i would like to see is a daily blog of what you guys are getting accomplished each day just to keep us involved with the process. im excited to be part of this smart phone revolution and i love how involved the community is. my one and only question so far: what color are you guys going to pick for your own robin? (scott, tom, mike) thanks guys!
@meek 1. the scrapes case will come in one translucent version. bumps will come in four colors and bruises will come in two colors. 2. the back of the case will look like the back of the phone. 3. we'll offer different length cables as add-ons in the survey we send out. @toribio we do not support always on listening, with battery life in mind. @venkatesh unfortunately, we do not have camera samples quite yet. please stay tuned!  as far as security, we use google auth for your login so we never store your password, and it offers 2 factor authentication. encryption is used for all data during transport and when your data is at rest. we are also working with a 3rd party on a system-wide security audit.
@creator - blackphone 2 is the safest and secure android phone ever. looks like that ! so hows with the security features of robin? i understand its completely unlocked and hackable. so do we get to have any inbuilt secure system for robin?
@creator - how best the camera will be? are the pictures will be as delicious  as htc or apple's or lumia's? just for comparison i am asking. :) does it support panaromic capture?
@nextbit i was just wondering if you plan on getting fido alliance certified for uaf with the biometric sensor that would be a really cool bonus if you do since not a lot of phones are certified yet
@nextbit so just to confirm, ok google 1. works on home screen 2. works when using an app 3. works from lock screen 4. doesn't work when on standby
@nextbit could you answer a few questions for me. 1. i know your finalizing case colors. i was just wondering if all the bump, scrape, and bruises cases will have the same color variations? (crossing fingers for a yes) 2. will the bruises case have the nextbit logo on the back? (i hope it does:) 3. any progress on the short usb-c charging cable? (i'm in for one) thanks in advance and keep up the good work!!
two big features in android m for nextbit to watch out for: automatic backup: backs up app data besides other the usual contacts / settings / history) to a private folder on google drive (google says doesn't count toward your storage limits, which might mean unlimited storage for auto backup). adoptable storage: this allows you to add an sd card to seamlessly extend your internal / phone storage i.e. treat it as one big storage block for apps / data. this could have its pitfalls (reliability / performance), but it still is an interesting approach.
can i know who makes the screen panels? lg? jdi?
after watching, the periscope stream that was shared, i seriously think that midnight robin sort of resembles sony z3 to normal joe and people would not even notice anything different. they will be like - meh, just another phone. @casualt - i dont think its girly. it's a new take on phone design/colors. i've asked my boys/girls friends, it has been mixed response, but mint comes out the most noticed one. i am definitely going with mint. cant wait. :d
i concur, you guys are awesome. makes me sure this will be a great start to my first android experience
@casualt thanks for answering that one, we must have missed it! our backers mean a lot to us, so we're happy to answer any questions :)
yes sasha it supports quick charge 2.0
@nextbit. all i can say is you guys are awesome! you have answered the same questions over and over again and you wouldn't know it. thats great customer service. i am sorry people don't know how to read...
@laurence chan to optimize battery life, we haven't included always on listening
hey! does anybody know if the phone will support always listening mode (with the screen off)? i believe the sd808 chip supports it, right? thanks!
@nextbit - thanks for the message. will do! :-) could you post detailed specs (sensors, display, audio, camera features) when you finalize them? thanks!
@maxime audet-perreault yes, you should be good for koodo. we can also recommend showing our supported bands list to someone at koodo to confirm.
@praveen keep an eye out! we're pretty active on our social channels too :) @eduardo castillo no, robin doesn't have a barometer
fast charging ok ?
so in short yes koodo will work because they can no operate on the same signal
gsm version (for at&t and tmobile networks in the us; best choice for all international backers including canada) gsm 850/900/1800/1900 hspa 850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100 lte bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28 koodo mobile's cdma and hspa networks use the 850 mhz and 1900 mhz frequencies while their lte network uses 1700/2100 mhz (aws).
hey...i live in canada and am with a phone company called koodo...iunno if anyone can tell me if the phone will be compatible? koodo does accept unlocked phones so i dont see why it wouldnt work but an answer would be appreciated thanks
@eduardo, barometer is a good idea and i'm sure nextbit will agree. i was hoping for underwater drone capability, myself.
definitely thought the mint buttons looked better on midnight. any news on project fi compatibility? with verizon's plan to charge more for unlimited data, i'd love to make the switch.
@nextbit will the robin have a barometer? just curious
@andrew: am sure they are working as hard as they can!
@praveen @vipin - maybe @nextbit are busy working hard to ship the phone out by jan vs. writing frequent updates?
@loscar - the robin has better specs than the nexus 5x, except for the camera and a fresh design too. and all of this comes at a great price. the cloud feature might be a nice-to-have thing today but might be a lot more mainstream in a year. nextbit will also keep adding capabilities and who knows, we might be able to restore all of our apps from the cloud after say a reset or repair. so, let's keep the faith! :-)
@chris schmidt, great work, again.
@nexties @nextbit hello, here's "xylo" another #robintune remix! http://soundcloud.com/christopherschmidt/xylo…
@loscar - their main differentiatior is their intelligent cloud technology embedded into the android os. so, i don't think they're competing in the spec race; they just mention specs because they know some people do care. they plan on updating the cloud technology system to update various features of the robin, so it won't get old like regular phones ( hence: "smart" smartphone or (smart)phone). it's basically software 1st. that's the goal and that's the message behind robin.
with all these phones popping out at reduced prices, the specs of robin look average now intro other premium phones, what about in 2016 when the robin will be available ? by that time the g4, nexus 6, htc 9 etc will be available at similar prices than robin, will robin still be a better deal.   could you guys give a robin phone to test to the press and let them tell us now how it compares to other phones out there?  the cloud features is not the main interest to me (32gb onboard is plenty), but i like the specs, the latest android os, the price, the looks. what do you think?
@nextbit when can we expect an update next? as you can see, everyone's excited. :-)
@nextbit any pictures of the cases yet ?
@minh-tri le yes, it is lpddr3
#nextbit, updates section seems to be paused or freezed since sometime ;) plz keep us (backers) showering with some new updates :)
sfba @1 yayyyyy.
@minh-tri le that's correct!
@ nextbit it's both the volume and fingerprint/power button we are wanting mint colored. thanks
it was asked before but i can't find it now. what kind of ram will robin have? lpddr3?
@nextbit pls stick to your first impression. midnight with midnight buttons and the power button highlight is really just right amount of salt. mint can be the sweet one.
@praveen thank you.
@all thanks for the feedback on the volume buttons on midnight! @khang yay, we're so excited to see you there! make sure to find us so you can meet some of the team and get to see a robin :) @andreja mrak @meek thanks for the submissions! everyone else, don't forget about the #robintune ringtone remix contest. contest ends 16 october, 5 pm pst — you could win another robin. more details in update #7
ok, after thinking about the midnight button colorway i have to say @nextbit, just let the ones that pick midnight in the survey decide the button color.  i would like flashy buttons on the midnight, to spice it up just a tad, but the other again, i will chose the exclusive electric, so my vote shouldn't count!
@charles: this tweet lists the top 15 countries in terms of # of backers. the map gives an idea of the distribution, though there are no numbers. https://twitter.com/nextbitsys/status/651145872609153024
yeah ! very good idea !!
i have one question to the nextbit team. could you give statistics on how many and  from which countries ppl had ordered the robin?
@krish wishful thinking!
@muji @abe may be they will provide headphones as an extra accessory in backer survey..i am not talking about their own brand of headphones..a collaboration with a good brand can make it happen..
@nextbit - if it isn't difficult, do consider giving us the option of either midnight or mint colored button on the midnight version. :-) midnight itself is a unique shade for a phone and the button color choice would let us choose between an understated design and some more character.
@abe @praveen exactly, i really like the shade of blue they used on the original renders for the midnight buttons, let's hope it stays, but if not, the midnight will still be hella sexy!
@abe chung agreed, though the idea of color matching midnight/mint earphones would be a beauty :)
nextbit....plz make midnight with mint buttons....it will be super awesome.....
@muji unfortunately no. my guess is that they're trying to reduce unnecessary costs. tbh, if they included earphones, it would be average, and people usually have better earphones.
@nextbit will there be earphones included with the robin?
my first whack at a ringtone.. wish i had more time to mess around with this. https://soundcloud.com/meekmeeek/rebelarmy
@praveen. absolutely midnight is one of my go to colors. but can you really back away from a kickstarter exclusive? i mean it's not so flashy that it'd be annoying....well maybe. hahaha. i really have to see it in my hands before i can decide!
@abe chung: you are right. the power button on midnight seems closer to the electric. it certainly isn't mint. i'd posted a couple of photos comparing with / recoloring to mint. i'd prefer midnight to be really understated (midnight blue all along), but that's just me. :-)
@abdul syed yeah, the commentary was great. perfect descriptions of all three devices. after continually looking at the phone's coloway layout, i think i'm going to go for midnight. the midnight is just too sexy. the electric is very exclusive and eye-popping, but for my taste, as a daily driver, it's too flashy. that's something a case would solve. but the exclusivity doe.....
@lynden +1, what i meant by mint buttons, was the consistency of the button color layout, i.e.: power button, volume rockers should be the same color. btw, it kind of looks like the buttons are electric blue.
i would like the mint shade on the midnight buttons. thank you. i as well will choose the midnight. i asked my wife what color she would choose and she asked me if i was joking. she said obviously the mint one. it's the most girly!
sorry. kickstarter mobile messed up my url. this is the correct one: http://m.imgur.com/a/dd6tf
the color of the power button on the midnight version (as seen on kickstarter) is different from the mint color. have posted a couple of images here: http://m.imgur.com/a/dd6tftf the images are probably rendered and hence the shade difference. we should wait to see the final version / actual photos.
heads up, courtesy of /u/itsdaffa from the nextbit subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3ntkci/nexbit_website_has_just_updated_now_showing/ the website's been updated! https://nextbit.com/
@khang, that's cool! thanks you :) looking forward to your pictures as well as a write up on your experience :d
thx khan. looking forward to your pictures. ask a lot of questions :)
hey everyone, i'll be heading to babbq! can't wait to meet the team and robin! i'll try to take as many pics as i can, and report on the look, feel, and whatever else i can. so excited!
@davide imbolito. no.
no wireless charging
wireless charging?
i liked the mint button on the render but seeing it in the video makes it seem a bit out of place, like it contrasts a bit too much. maybe a cooler shade of "mint" closer to a teal or turqoise like you see in your mock up custom skin/theme would be appropriate. but just the fingerprint sensor. the volume buttons would be too much imo (as someone who will be getting the midnight colorway).
@all @nextbit just uploaded a #robintune trying to be as bold as robin is ;) check it out here: https://soundcloud.com/elektro_xo/robin-break
@nextbit i'm also hoping for more photos of robin in different color theme under different lighting. looking forward to the survey before i forget about this robin, until near x'mas.
@meek no worries bro
@nextbit in some of the earlier renders the midnight version had slightly different blue buttons, what happened to those? i really loved that colour and how well it fitted next to the dark midnight!
mint buttons for sure!! midnight buttons will look too boring, too ordinary :/
preferences w.r.t. buttons i meant.
i guess we can do a survey of those interested in the midnight colour and find out how the preferences are distributed between mint / body colour / other light shade. going by past experience, it is a lot more difficult to gauge how bright / pastel shades would actually appear, based on photos / illustrations. some photos / videos taken outdoors might help.
@abdul syed yeah, my reddit username is "theoriginalmeek". i'm happy to help and thanks for the credit.
@abdul syed, i just wish they would make it brighter blue buttons that "pop" but not so much mint because i think it's too much "pop" for a color that's supposed to be looking a little more... conservative. again just my opinion on the matter
@abdul: congratulations :-) @meek: thank you for posting the periscope video. it was great!
@eduardo castillo yup, i wrote that it still had some 'pop', but honestly i don't think i would mind if it was a midnight button or a mint button. but i love the suggestion of making it some other colour entirely, too. i feel like it needs to have a good balance of blues for it to be a fully professional looking phone, and the mint button isn't too far off that. of course, the mint button is still great, and to be honest, i think a midnight button would just put me to sleep, but if there are other options, i'd love to see them. maybe an off-white (leaning towards yellow) colour to play along with the dark blue? who even knows? but they have a great design team so i bet it'll still look stunning :)
wow my name/article was mentioned by @nextbit on the subreddit :') https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3nbk8v/just_some_thoughts_on_the_different_robin/ i just wrote that while mucking around instead of studying lol @meek do you have a reddit username? i added the periscope livestream to the links section, and i'd love to give you credit for it.
@abe chung - you assume correctly.
@lynden - +1
@lynden - i was thinking the same too. :-) a lighter blue might go better with the midnight blue.
i'd love to have a lighter blue on the midnight buttons. i think the colour on the finger print scanner would be perfect, but i think mint might clash
@joel york i'm no expert but i think aws cross-region replication (crr) is not mandatory but can be requested by the customer (wich is nextbit i guess). so i think nextbit could decide to either use it or not. however not sure if they could say like "don't use it for eu, rest is ok". cheers
@creator my apologies if it's been answered, but for backers in the sf bay area, will you allow us to swing by the office and look at all three colorway models prior to survey?
@david w, no wireless charging for robin but it is quick charge enabled.
i might have missed the info somewhere. but will the phone have the possibility of wireless charging?
@steven @ nexbit, steven makes a very interesting point below that will need to be addressed at some point in regard to our european rebels - specifically the eu ruling regarding movement of user data across the pond. i know this has just come to light but perhaps somebody could look into how this will affect european robin owners who intend to use the cloud capabilities provided with the phone. (for those of you who haven't heard about this, see http://www.engadget.com/2015/10/06/eu-rules-that-us-companies-cant-freely-pull-data-out-of-europe/). with the cloud storage actually being provided through/powered by amazon, and amazon having significant european operations (and european subsidiaries), i presume that this will be addressed behind the scenes and won't present a problem...?
i am in favor for midnight buttons on midnight phone, too.  as someone else already suggested another less bright and kind of in tone with the midnight would be great too.
@nextbit +1 for midnight body/mint buttons & power sensor!
if nextbit feels similar to what someone's review of the color ways for robin should feel like, i think they should make the buttons on midnight a lighter color than the body but not as bright as mint. if we look at the review here: https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/comments/3nbk8v/just_some_thoughts_on_the_different_robin/… it goes on saying how midnight feels like a professional color and i feel like that hits the spot, if you need to choose between the two nextbit, i recommend midnight but prefered would be a brighter blue (not mint as i think it's too bright) but many people might have a different opinion on it
@nextbit: if it isn't too difficult, can we have the option of midnight or mint for the buttons? :-) while it does make it interesting, i am personally not sure how well mint goes with midnight.
@nextbit - i agree on mint buttons. don't let the midnight be all washed out, give it some life. lol. seriously though.
go mint buttons! haha
@nextbit, mint buttons and fingerprint scanner would look sexy on midnight version! let the buttons be mint. please...
@casualt @abe chung @robin forsberg we're still deciding on the mint or midnight buttons for midnight. we'll definitely have a decision by the time the backer survey goes out!
@meek thanks for the work you put into sharing the periscope. you're a rockstar man! :)
@nextbit congratulations for a great mobile! i have a question regarding to the potential custom process once you ship robin. as you state, the 95$ covers shipping and vat. is robin already duty delivery paid? i am a backer from spain, and i know very well how slow and painful can be the custom clearance. please shed some light on it. regards to all @rebels who backed robin!!
i decided / told myself that i will not go to android phones for d next 2 - 3 yrs..( i use blackberry z10 now and before lumia 800). after looking at robin. i forgot my statement, what i told my friends. will give them a surprise after i get my phone!
for patriots - i think nextbit can make a phone of d colors resembling a country's flag.
looks like htc one e9+ or m9+ has expandable upto 2tb!!! is it really true?
loved watching the periscope evt
the all black one looks great though.. please make it @nextbit.. thanks @lars
i am happily letting my second oneplus 2 invite expire. to much of a invite/customer support gong show to consider it. glad i backed robin as this phone exceeded my needs for storage and style. and the engagement from @creator has been outstanding!
@nextbit-ies, lookng for a brand new january :).  hoping its a li-po battery. i am not sure. i just compared it with moto turbo. major difference is the battery is really huge with moto turbo. nevertheless, robin is gonna be rocking the world ! i m sure it can be a good competition to the likes of samsung & iphone's
@hari there won't be a black version. the black model they have is just a prototype, an early model for them to test things out. the darkest we'll get is the midnight version, which in some lights can look black.
@meek in the periscope.. they show and talk about a black one.. @nextbit can you confirm if we are getting a black one to choose?
i for one am excited for robin and the innovative cloud integration. this is my first dip into the android pool, having used iphone and windows phone in the past. can't wait till january!!! but lets see pictures of all the color options together before we get the survey
@nexties i myself can't wait to for the robin. i know there are a lot of people comparing or maybe even second guessing the robin with all the new phone announcements recently. but remember and reassure yourselves, robin is different, robin is new and robin is innovative. its doesnt matter what comes out or is coming out, none of them offer something new, like @nextbit said in the interview.
@nextbit @rebels  will the european court ruling about privacy affect the availability of robin in europe?  will before releasing date all the necessary permissions be obtained to transfer data from european users to the (us)  cloud? and if not what will be the perspective?
@cris thank you also :)
@abe chung  thank you so much mate!
@mauro they are currently working on the survey to complete order. @casualt if they do come with a midnight model with mint accent buttons, this will be a very tough choice for me. go with exclusive electric, or with chic midnight/mint? also, the oneplus mini is all currently speculation. however, oneplus has always done something to cut corners/costs; therefore, expect some drawbacks. also, the main benefit of the robin isn't in its specs, but it's software capabilities via smart cloud integration...and it's got some decent specs. ;) @andrew chong i'm not sure what you mean by imperfections, but i rather have a solid working robin, than the opposite. i'm assuming you mean having robin without certain features, that could be implemented in future iterations? @rebels hope everyone is doing well this tuesday! @nextbit eagerly awaiting any new updates on the development of the phone! colorway, software, and all :)))))
@mauro  later this month, mid - end of month
hi! when you'll send us a mail to complete the order of the smartphone? thank you so much cheers
@nextbit @rebels can otg be achieved later..?? i saw an article about using otg in nexus 5..n5 doesn't come with otg feature..but by using a special file manager, otg can be used..is it possible in robin..?
@casualt they mentioned earlier in the campaign that the fingerprint and volume buttons on the midnigt indeed is mint.
@creator i just watched the periscope and congrats however. it looks like the model you flashed does have a mint fingerprint sensor/power button. there seem to be many different midnight models. some with volume buttons mint some not. can you please confirm what is actually going to be mint on the midnight phone. thank you.
here is the periscope - nexbitnexbit robin first boot. please forgive the quality and start with low volume. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b42np-sdj6ipqwvlanzdr1nxaek/view…
assuming the recent specs are actually true. however, the snapdragon 808's adreno 418 gpu smokes the mediatek x10's. plus i bet robin will have the more powerful speakers and it does have a slightly larger display (better for gaming). and the fingerprint scanner on the side is a nice touch, allows people to unlock the phone without picking it up from a table for example.
i have to admit the one plus mini looks pretty competitive to our robin.
@meek upload it please....!!
@meek hope to see that video, thanks!
@meek i'd love to have it, couldn't see it live due to time difference.
@meek:  i certainly am! it'd be wonderful if you could upload it. thank you.
anyone interested in watching the periscope - nexbit  robin first boot video? i managed to screencast it but the quality was partially destroyed because ironically enough i ran out of space while recording and it corrupted the mp4 file. i managed to recover and merge the two parts of the video. audio is mildly distorted and a few seconds here and there are choppy, but watchable. let me know and i'll upload it.
can i have a dual sim card version?
@vincent if you mean wireless charging, no robin doesn't support it :) @kuot thiik you should be able to update this until shipping, we'll keep you posted!
@praveen: yeah thanks, wasn't really sure of the whole survey thing since this is my first kickstarter thing
to be realistic, if we want robin to ship out on schedule, we can only expect new hardware ideas to be incorporated into version 2. i rather have v1 in hand sooner with "imperfections" than wait for v2 months later.
@kuot thiik:  i would think you can have it changed up until a few days before the phones ship. you may need to get in touch with nextbit (or they might set up a web facility where you can manage your order).
if i fill out the survey with my current address and move before it gets delivered. will there be a way for me to change delivery address later?
@nextbit - will there be surface charging ? i have been trying find this info .
@maarten vandenameele checkout google play, several apps for that.  remember that robin is providing an os near stock android, with the ability to make the phone your phone as you like.
@nextbit will there be a voice wakeup? i would love that feature so i can give a voice command and find my phone anytime i lost it again or forgot where i kept it! :-p thanks
@nexties @nextbit hey, i produced some more audio. you can listen to some shorter alert/notification tones in this #robintone playlist: http://soundcloud.com/christopherschmidt/sets/robintone the longer #robintune stuff sits here: http://soundcloud.com/christopherschmidt/sets/robintune (more bits in the making)
@jake may be too late in development/build process.  it could be again, cost issue, as well as a logistics problem.
@k5cents costs, both to consumer and to manufacturer may be prohibitive and unfeasible.  but, i'm no expert, only a guess based on conception and perception.
krishnanunni g not new, i would say android m gave it "rebirth."  it involves both hardware and software.  i could be a matter of cost, hardware wouldn't fit, didn't foresee new resurgence of interest, or any combination of those things.  i do know it is not currently in robin, and for the reasons stated as well as others, it may too late in the development/build to incorporate.
@dennis is otg something invented just now..? my current phone lg g2 have that..most of the current mid range phones also have...then why dont robin have..?
i know it's not quite feasible with the robin 1 and the small scale of nexbit, but it seems as though the robin is perfectly suited (as far as the design goes) for customer personalization.  phone like the moto x allow users to "build yours." the #robincolor campaign for the kickstarter custom showed me that lots of prospective robin owners have really personal and crazy ideas for their phones colour scheme. wouldn't it be cool if nextbit grew to the size that you could customize the color of your phones 3 parts (body and top and bottom bumpers).
idea: upgrade our phone to gorilla glass 5 if it comes out here in the next few weeks/months. pretty pleez.
@krishnanunni g not for robin, probably the next model.  it would require a hardware change, too late in the process for robin.
@nextbit:  many folks are interested in knowing about audio amplification / quality via the headphone socket. please shed light on it when you can. thanks!
@ben: the survey will go out mid-oct. :-)
i find myself checking my inbox and spam box four times a day. i don't want to miss the survey. really excited. lot's of great ideas, lot's of good people. i'm proud to be part of this.
@nextbit i kind of wish you and republic wireless had a partnership you both have revolutionary ideas. there phones kind of suck the moto e and the moto x of 2014. if they had yours they would be awesome.
no otg...?? @nextbit is it...?
@peter @ geoff. i could be wrong, but according to my information robin will use the standard snapdragon 808 dac. there is also no usb otg, so we kinda got stuck with it. for the amp i’m not sure, i think there were only the speaker amps mentioned (1for each).
@nextbit i've had an issue with my pledge. i have messaged you about this via kickstarter. can you fix the complication for me. thanks
@peter. good question. i'd also like to know what dac is used for the headphone socket?
@nextbit @ all rebels can we have one more contest before the original colorway is released..?? at present all of us are aware that electric is our third color..so, let everyone give their ideas to make our robin looks best in hands. i mean some tuning in colors, logo and buttons..may be we will get a great colorway in the end..!! what do you guys think..???
@nextbit once rooted, can we use xposed modules with robin's os, or does that require a custom rom?
@samaterk - nano
has anyobe already asked about the type of sim card? nano or micro?
@nextbit can we have #x of #xxx somewhere on the phone for electric colorway so that everyone knows just how special they are?
i was just reminded of a question i meant to ask before my pledge. are you guys doing anything unique for the audio jack on the phone (built in amp, high quality dac etc...) or will you be using a standard one for the robin?
will kickstarter backers be able to return for a refund, similar to google's fourteen day return policy? thanks!
@nextbit awesome saucesome. and cool, please let us know. my mild ocd kicks in when the colors don't match, hahaha.
@abe we'll try to pull a final high-res colorway mock-up together to share with you all. also no word if we'll be getting a matching colorway charger/cable, but thanks for the suggestions.
@abe *fist bump* :) @norman the picture can be the home screen or the lock screen really. it's customizable and up to you. and yes, the camera is accessible from the lock screen.
@nextbit: it's difficult to tell by the picture if that's the home screen or the lock screen..which is it? also, will the camera be accessible from the lock screen without having to unlock the phone (by swiping up or some quick action)?
sorry i've been pretty mia. a lot has been discussed over here! @nextbit @rebels yep, there are certainly some things that cannot be changed, i.e.: hardware changes, but other things, like maybe some software implementations, or some technicalities on the colorway, could be noted if enough backers had some feedback. @nextbit, when possible, could you please release a final high-res colorway mock-up? the colorway, on the robin will definitely be a better indicator what the phone will look like. also, if the charger/cable are going to be that midnight/mint color scheme, how does that fare for the electric color scheme? will it be just the midnight/mint combination, or will there be an electric version also? @nick herr great explanation. the gsm model will not support cdma bands, while the cdma bands will not support all of the gsm bands. @rebels please refer to the wiki page, which is being continually updated and revised, based on the nextbit updates/clarifications.  https://github.com/deadman96385/nextbit_wiki/wiki/faq also, nextbit now has a reddit subgroup, where the conversation can continue! https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit let's continue to support/encourage nextbit while they work diligently to ensure the robin is optimized in the best way for everyone!
@nextbit could you give us a better idea of what each colorway looks like, in a video perhaps so we get a good idea of what each looks like in person?
@nextbit can you please make option to pin pictures, music and videos that can't be uploaded to cloud? just like apps.
@krishnanunni brings up a brilliant point: shower your ideas here. we’re always listening for your feedback. @luna happy early birthday! and thanks for sharing :) who knows what future versions of robin will hold—just getting started.
@graham harwood not on robin, maybe on a later model.  this was explained by nextbit during campaign.
so you've extended to verizon and sprint. any way we'll see support for google fi?
i'm totally happy with the robin glad i got in and purchased. nextbit has been very good to its supporters. i have never supported a kickstarter project before and probably wont again unless its nextbit. i didn't mean to be disrespectful about asking when the survey was coming out i just hadn't seen the previous post that it was coming out in mid october. i will probably be purchasing another robin for my wife, but she wants to try mine out first. im going to order the electric blue  because she likes that color and it wont be available later.then when i order the second phone get the mint  because i like that one.
@luna you are quite boring institing that much with your image...the contest is over.
congrats robin.. keep on the great job!
http://i.imgur.com/kwdrwtg.jpg pretty please! my birthday is only a few days away!☺�
comment section has been very quiet after the campaign.. don't lose the spirit mates..shower your ideas here..@creator might consider those...
@nick thank you for that lol!
and for my vote, it was royal purple all the way!
good lord people, wait for the survey or don't; the phone wont be due until january at least or feb. so wait for updates - i highly doubt the survey went out and everyone's in on it except for you. two; the cdma version has to have gsm capability because verizon uses gsm bands. if the phone is unlocked and can be used on verizon (cdma) it can be used on gsm now. however, the caveat is coverage. the bands in the cdma version support tmobile (except for band 12 for volte) for nearly 100% of coverage. the cdma version entirely misses the main at&t lte band but supports 3g/hspda. so, cdma = verizon/sprint 100%, tmobile 85%, att 50% gsm = verizon/spring 0% (zero), tmobile/att 100% and international uses. done!
so basically.. the cdma version supports all 4 major u.s. carriers? and the gsm is more for international use? the only difference i see is between them is a few lte bands. is this correct?
@sameer, @creator has mentioned mid-oct for the survey.
has anybody received the survey?
@faf- yeah, it's a little tricky. the spec sheet specifies exactly what bands and frequencies are supported, so i would go off of that.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stagefright_(bug)
@faf i think you want to know whether gsm version support verizon and sprint..?? no..it won't..but, the cdma version will support gsm too..
@faf it is actually vice-versa.. cdma version only supports verizon and sprint..and the other gsm version is gor all international networks including at&t and t-mobile...hope you are clear with it...
i read that but @marcusdaniel i was referring to this, "there are two versions of the robin the first one supports gsm *carriers which include t-mobile and at&t. the second one is a *cdma variant which supports verizon and sprint (that version supports gsm networks too)." i just wanted to confirm if it worked vice versa.
i cant decide between mint or electric both look so good if i go with electric though i might have to get the bumps case i personally think that would look really unique and cool without hiding the awesome color like it would on mint although i guess it depends on the pricing of the cases and screen protectors although i really wish the front of the electric could be white i think that would look much more striking (get it cause electricity hahaha im totally punny)
@jordan collins - thanks for the response. depending on how it (electric) looks, i may go with midnight blue. blue is my favorite color, though i was rooting for mint not too long ago. i would ove to have the electric exclusive, but i love your color scheme of the blue on it, than the one in the pictures posted by @nextbit *hint hint*, lol
no. the gsm version will not work on verizon's network.  under "campaign" here on the ks page, there is a specs section that details what bands each of the two (gsm & cdma) versions of robin will work on.
okay can someone help me out with this question? i read on the questions page that the verizon version is also compatible with gsm but what about vice versa? would a gsm version work with verizon?
sorry @d'don, i don't know the exact colour of electric - i was just playing around. as others are saying, i also think we need to see some pictures / video of all the colours together before we pick one. i love the idea of electric but mint is still teasing me because i know it already works well in real life. @vito if i find the time, i'll have a play with more accessory designs.... just don't count on any of them becoming reality; i just hope to inspire the team/community and drive demand for the stuff i want haha.
loving ahmad's suggestion: i just think it would help out the decision greatly.
strange! i just got an invite for op2 that i didn't even sign up for.
@ahmad - i concur. and i prefer if they're not renders, but rather real-life photos.
@nextbit please before sending out the servey could you provide a high def image of the electric robin. cheers
@nextbit - please tell me the electric is more close to this color : http://imgur.com/a/gwh8w ? than this: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cqogrdxwwaaz47h.jpg:large .
@jordan collins - is it really (the electric robin) that color? or is that just your own special variation of the electric robin color? because i love that one, i would choose that than the one i saw in the survey and twitter update.
received an invite for opt today. too little too late :)
correction: wiki created by some super members of the nextbit community!!
we’re working on the backer survey now. thanks for your patience as we get everything together. and if you haven’t checked out this awesome wiki (created some super members of the nextbit community!!), it answers a lot of questions: https://github.com/deadman96385/nextbit_wiki/wiki happy weekend, all!
@jordan collins nice work. can you also create car dock/cradle :)
its not using usb type c ?
@jordan, you're on a roll - these docks look great. i really hope @nextbit will develop a dock for the robin. given lack of qi, a dock would be next best thing for me, and if the dock is even 50% as good as your rendering, we'll be in business!
@jordan, the docks look great. how about the same for the other colorways?  :)
@jürgen k: the actual size of the fingerprint sensor is quite small in other phones too. you merely have to place your finger on the button to authenticate, just like with any other phone. this is the sensor being used in the robin: http://www.fingerprints.com/products/touch_sensor/fpc1145/
@all,  thanks for your answer'a, nice looking docks also.jordon
@nextbit: i just noticed something about robin and i need your help. on other phones, the fingerprint sensor is so large that one you can put a fingertip on it which will be scanned completely. on robin the sensor is integrated in the power button on the right side and therefore it is significantly smaller. how does it work? do you have to slide the finger over it? if you hold the phone with one hand, this seems to be quite cumbersome and not very ergonomic.
@jordan great ideas mate...:)
updated my dock models for electric colorway http://imgur.com/a/gwh8w
i love amazon as a company they are amazing and if they are using amazon's cloud service then imo that is perfect!
@rogerm, your correct, i thought the space was before the other items, but it looks like we get the fast charger and the shirt.
@jenny unless vzw picks up and brands the phone theirs i don't think you will be able to... plus they would add a ton of bloatware
does anyone know that if you go on contract with verizon you can get the robin for cheaper? not sure if i was misinformed.
please make the manual mode on the camera software better than the op2... was using a g4, manual mode worked miracles. used one plus two manual mode and it completely sucked ass, either over exposed or under exposed even with manual mode.
anyone whom who has a contract with tmobile is at risk over 15 million names were compromised. if you are prepaid you should be fine.
@roger, yes, @creator has mentioned that you get an option to select the version in your survey.
@vincent vecchio, it probably was the sprint version that i think i read one might be able to do, maybe? as i seem to recall nextbit telling someone they possible could change at survey time. someone might remember what it was. or i read it wrong as so many comments and answer's here.
thank you very much rogerm. and special thank to jerry turner. i just found the the cloud service is from amazon. faq: is nextbit using their own data center to hold the 100gb of cloud storage? no, they are using amazon web services (aws) to provide 100gb cloud storage with every robin.
#jerry turner,   jerry have you read this yet?  https://github.com/deadman96385/nextbit_wiki/wiki/faq  and we needed to hit $1.5 million to get 129 gb which we didn't sadly to say. there's a lot of answer's to question's at the site.
@rogerm wasn't the whole point of the verizon special that it would be for verizon customers only? if you change your mind to tmobile i have a feeling that you'll have to pay for the $349 pledge because the only people on tmobile who get the priviledge to pay the early bird price are the first 1000 people. it's more of a fairness thing i would imagine.
@hassan -  1- the storage, from the way it has been described is attached to the phone.  it is not any of the other services, it is from nextbit.  (i think it is actually 129gb since we reached a backing level). 2- this is a good question, i think it would be linked to a nextbit account that is created when you log into the phone.  i would guess it is in addition to the login from google.  @creator will have to clarify. 3/4- i think that the space is connected to the phone, so as long as you own the robin you will have the space.  they have not expressed how it could be accessed other then from the robin, but that would be nice to know. for return and refund questions, they have only talked about that they will allow you to ship the phone in for repair even if you brick it from romming it.  they seem like a good group of guys so i am sure it would depend on your circumstances.
i got the earlybird $299 verizon model, can i if i decide, change it to the $299 t-mobile version when we get the survey?
@rashun, unless they change something big, it is one or the other.  they have already stated in one my earlier questions that they won't be supporting fi.  fi is currently only compatible with 3 nexus phones.
a little reading and i found my answer...
i know its 2 versions of this phone but i was hoping maybe the gsm version has some compatibility with cdma. only because i was interesting into trying project fi service
@hassan al-khalidy, look at this page has all your answer's to your question's,   https://github.com/deadman96385/nextbit_wiki/wiki/faq
guys, i purchased robin in the last 30 minutes due to the very enticing $299 price,  but i'm still unfamiliar about some issues.. could you answer my questions: 1- what is the type of 100gb cloud service that came with the phone? is it google cloud, dropbox cloud, amazon cloud?. i am asking this question because i highly doubt that a very small company like nextbit could own its cloud service. 2- is this 100gb of cloud linked to the phone itself or my account? if it is related to the account, which account? 3- what is gonna happen to the saved data in my cloud if i want to switch to galaxy, iphone, etc.? can i take the 100gb of the cloud to my alternative phone or the stored data only? 4- is this 100gb would be mine forever or it is only limited within a period of time? 5- does nextbit have a return policy? if so, what is it? 6- could someone gets refund at this point or it is not possible? thank you very much guys.. i do appreciate your help!
@jeremy buerkle...thought you could be, but it's still possible as tom said all campaign backers, we'll have to see.  i am currently t-mobile but by time i select i may revert to cdma (i.e. verizon towers).  wife was happy on st/verizon, but in a dumb moment i got her a like phone and switched her to ting/t-mobile.  now, i need to switch her back and i'm looking at rok mobile, which also may get me to switch, which would be my likely to go cdma.  i have to switch her back, no matter what i do.  like to not deal with different providers though, as i do all the bill paying, etc.
i'm cdma dennis.. all good things come to those who wait right?
@jeremy buerkle unless you are in for the cdma version, it may be january, even then maybe if in for the cdma version.  i have a suspicion this team will over deliver on goals they have set, unless they have no control (i.e. a supplier or the like being late).  git'r'dun nextbit!
is it february yet?!? i want my robin!
the experian risk would only be for the people who apply for credit to finance a phone? or does t-mobile credit check everybody?
@dennis ty. this experian getting hacked is kind of scary tmobile notified me that i was at risk so they gave us all free subscriptions  to protectmyid.com. i hope nextbit is more successful.
@suktwo dothat that i can't be sure of, as i'm not a cyanogen mod expert. i was merely getting my info from the campaign page. however, seeing as how nextbit's ceo has a personal relationship with cyanogen mod, perhaps this is something they can offer an answer to. barring that, i would have to defer to @dennis's answer. :)
@suktwo dothat not robin's cloud feature.  you could however use dropbox, google cloud, etc.  but, the smart way robin with it's tweaked near stock android os works, other custom rom's will not be able to support that.
@mark schwacofer probably sometime around december, before shipping.
so when will the surveys come out? to choose a phone and get add ons?
thanks @christopher!
@night1505 does cyanogenmod support cloud offloading? i thought this feature was integrated into robin's stock android and flashing a rom would wipe the system and with it the cloud offloading feature. i am an ios person, so forgive me if i am being ignorant.
by the way, feel free to keep conversation going on reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit
@rogerm i apologize for not posting a link to the page where i got the information regarding cyanogenmod. here it is: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/description scroll a little over halfway down the page. hope this helps! :)
@nextbit know that you guys will not ignore the security patch and take it priority is good enough for me. thanks
@nexties @nextbit "open space", another #robintune is ready for you! tried to go sci-fi. 4th track on the list. http://soundcloud.com/christopherschmidt/sets/robintune @shane cheers! i settled on ableton live because of ui/workflow but garageband grew very powerful, too.
@ppcr from mike, our cto: "we take security patches very seriously. guaranteeing timeline is always tricky without knowing what the actual fix is, but this is a priority for us. we will support robin for at least 2 years with software updates."
@eduardo castillo sample pictures to come around december after final build and camera tuning i s complete.
excuse me if this was asked / responded to  earlier,  but what is/will be the sar rating for the phones... t-mobile / att in particular.   thanks.
@nextbit so you guys cannot answer how fast you can respond to the future android security issues?
is there some sample pictures of robin's photo taking capabilities? in low light and regular indoor lighting?
@rl yes. our lollipop build is on 5.1.1 so stage fright fix is already integrated.
@nextbit, two questions:- 1- what is your return policy?  2- do you offer refund at this point if someone asks to cancel his order? thank you
@jetzons, have you checked out this community on g+ ? https://plus.google.com/communities/113771050192249439773 https://plus.google.com/communities/113771050192249439773
@creator stagefright fix will be in regardless of lollipop or marshmallow right? :) (props for address this before robin ships!)
@rl 5.2" screens are not that uncommon... if you can find one that only covers the screen (instead of a 'full-frontal'), it might fit the robin. actually, there's a good chance those meant for htc's one range will work.
@nextbit, what kind of charcoal (black/grey) of electric? i saw the last update look like a charcoal grey, but on facebook look like charcoal black.
hope robin come with screen protector due to the market did not have.
@creator, hope you and the rest of the nextbit team had a good night's rest ^_^
@christopher all those are really nice! what are you using to create them? garage band is really all i have.
@abdul syed survey to come out soon, please stay tuned! @christopher schmidt whoo, another great entry. @ppcr there will be a stagefright fix from the get go.
after all the discussions here over the past month including the intense tension yesterday, my mind feels so light today..  like my final exams are over :p now,  waiting for the results ;)
i am following community here. i feel you guys are so many passion and nextbit is cloud-first, design-forward and backers-friendly.
@joel i too agree with you. our community is full of talent..why don't we use that..? @nextbit please consider contest for all possible areas...d
@christopher bells & whistles is really good..i think you dont have a competitor for this contest..;)
@christopher schmidt, can't wait to hear future creations. i really like that certain customizations on this phone have been supporter sourced. @nextbit, you should consider starting a contest for potential screen/lockscreen wallpapers. lots of talented creative types in this community.
@joel @chris thanks guys! yeah, its quite shimmering/tangible/playful. the stem material points in that direction. going to try out something more 100110101tech-ish next for a change.
@jenny you can try contacting the cc company too, maybe they put a block on for the size of the transaction, or if you are from overseas.
@christopher schmidt  nice, i am digging that too, i like the old school sound of the normal bell/ring or whatever as the background
@kavya yay! nice to hear! i'll just keep on working on some more diversity and keep you guys updated.
@chris schmidt - great work. really like celestial.
@christopher, it's nice :)  in fact, i liked all 3 in your #robin playlist!
@nexties @nextbit just added the homemade #robintune "celestial" to my #robintune playlist. it's oven-fresh! hungry ears? http://soundcloud.com/christopherschmidt/sets/robintune
lolol, alastair's popper didn't even work.
lol watch the 2 guys on the right hand side!
@jordan, i counted 6 complete misfires! rest well nextbit team.
@jenny -  debit cards seem to work better than credit cards for some reason...
@jordan lol missed that the first time
having watched the "ship ittt" celebration video, i laughed so hard at the guy in the middle... his party popper was like... "naaah."
@nextbit i'm just reading a stagefright 2.0 news, how fast can you patch this one and maybe stagefright 3.0, 4.0 or other security issues in the future?
@collins your email should tell! jan/feb 2016
good job and congratulations. when is it shipping?
any plans on makeing a car holder for robin? something that lets you charge wile driving would be nice.
what's the eta on the survey? is there any way to find out?
@joel.. thank a lot for your answer.. havent got internet connection for a while so a torture.. cant wait for the survey.. cheers
@chrisanny, a survey will be sent in a little while and you'll be able to select your colour choice. you can choose mint, for sure!
@nextbit.. thanks a lot for your hardwork.. i cant wait to use the new phone.. and really sorry, because of a lot of reason, i cant update lately about this project, can somebody answer me, in what colour the phone i will receive?? if i can request, can it be mint?? please somebody answer me.. thanks a lot
as to my previous i would edit "why they didn't" to "why they did."
@jenny this was happening earlier today to.. try the same card again.. input as new card.. or try a whole different card
@all kickstarter said that they declined my credit card, do any of you guys know what to do if this happens?
@nextbit thank you for all your hard work. i'm excited to use this amazing phone now! only one comment though. i wish we could get to see the real colors before the survey is out. i really really like the midnight on this web, but not the prototype phone i see on other sites. do you think you can make it?
@dennis, i don't disagree with you at all. my point was that if you want to implement certain mods, you likely need to gain root which will likely deny you access to the cloud features for security reasons. i'm not making a negative judgment on nextbit based on that, just noting what is likely to be a fact. would i like to see a few mods (like dt2w) built into the standard rom? - yes. but then again, i am just one user. and while nextbit are still at the software finalizing stage, i think it's fair game to make software related suggestions. as you note, your average user will not be looking to hack and mod their phone anyway and as a company, you always try to hit the needs of the majority. i am, however, delighted that robin will ship their phone unlocked and will even provide warranty to those who want to mod. just like the nexus program, developer innovations often drive new features included in future iterations of android.
@joel york @rebels concerning custom rom's (at this time not permitting use of cloud), if you were coca-cola or some other business with a desired and/or sought after recipe or grandma's secret sauce, would you divulge to others so you cease to have a business?  rom development, to allow cloud use, would require divulging what is behind the purpose of robin's design, concept and uniqueness.  think about it.  at first i was wondering why they didn't build robin's os around a more stock shadow of android...then i thought...to be attractive to a wider base of people.  it's a limited base that likes custom rom's...even if you like, use or must have them, it's still a limited base.  robin's os is custom, as pertaining to the cloud feature, but pretty much stock otherwise.  at the same time nextbit knowing some like custom rom's have made it possible from the get go, howbeit at a sacrifice of their proprietary cloud feature.  that in essence allows geeks as well as more normal people to both use robin.  again unique to them as an oem, to make it easy and attractive for all.
@casualt, i'm still not certain dt2w can be implemented through use of 3rd party apps and nova gestures based on my research, but if anybody has actually accomplished it, let me know. i use dt2w all the time as opposed to using the power button. i find it convenient. with that said, the robin will be the first phone i have used with a fingerprint sensor built into the power button so that may change my habits. it is true that the unlocked bootloader will allow many software mods but that will probably deny us access to the cloud features provided by robin for security reasons.
@shane mobbs not...if sales are good enough, but maybe after sales are good enough.  did otterbox ever make one for opo?  i don't know, anyone else?  otterbox seems to gravitate to the massive oem's...probably to maximize profits on building a mold.
@night1505, i looked at the cyanogenmod page to see about trying it on my galaxy s5, it doesn't make sense to me (never done this before) as first thing it says is a warning not to use the page cause a custom root backup is not included? it didn't even really say a new how to install it for the first time and how would robin even be listed as one of the phones that your already so sure of/// i don't get it? any site you could please reference me to?
@casualt @austin as the aforementioned providers are all mnvo's of verizon as well as rok mobile....a cdma version of robin will work.  the key is robin is unlocked and there is a cdma version, both needed to work on verizon and it's mnvo's.
with bootloader being unlocked, root is easily achievable. then anything is possible.
we need a forum before we crash kickstarter due to the amount of comments here!
a quick google found this this is the solution: - download the app lockscreen - download the nova launcher premium (paid version is needed) - the nova premium launcher has gesture options - select double tap to apply lockscreen that's it!
@casualt i think @austin meant otterbox. lol. @austin that will be up to the people at otterbox if they want to make one or not. i'm thinking no though, honestly. at least not initially. most 3rd party accessory makers only spend the time and money to develop cases for phones that meet certain sales. as nextbit is a startup it might be a while before we see a lot of 3rd party support. maybe after launch if sales are good enough ob will jump in.
otter-box* sry miss spell
@jeremy i know things get lost..  this project is the one with the most comments i have seen out of all the projects i've backed...
thanks @casualt, didnt see the question answered.
@joel no i'm not sure i read it on here. not sure what the big deal is for double tap unless your checking the time only. if you want to unlock the phone its an extra step because of the fingerprint scanner.... when you could just hit the power button. agreed many work arounds. ie xposed proximity blah blah
an outer-box is a case.
@nextbit "when we send out the backer survey, you can add a phone at $349 usd price to your order!" does this apply to all the different rewards? as long as we have pledged, we would be allowed to add on additional robins if we wish to?
1. no lollipop right now with potential update shortly after launch. but u never know nextbit could surprise us! 2. yes i am sure it will come in a box. why wouldn't it? 3. does those service provider have the bands that robin has? if so then yes. the phone is unlocked. so check the frequency bands.
this is a repeat comment hi  i'm one of the early adopters i have a few questions, 1. marshmellow will it come pre-installed?  2. will there be an outer-box?  3. if i get the verizon one will i be able to go to straight talk, page plus, or freedom pop?
@nextbit awesome that the electric colorway was chosen. i love it and that will be what i choose! now i can't wait to hear the custom ringtones!
@casualt, are you sure that nova prime does double tap to wake? (there are work arounds for double tap to sleep) i thought that was a kernel level thing and that regular software implementation really kills battery and requires some level of root access? i find dt2w useful too. i think it can be implemented in the rom but nextbit not likely to enable in default (or at all) due to potential impact on battery life.
@nextbit i got the true rebel special that comes with a case, will i be able to select the kind of case i get? i want to get the most heavy duty kind (bruises?) if the special only includes a certain kind can i pay an upcharge to get the one i want?
@jeremy robin supports launchers. the nova prime launcher supports double tap to wake. robins stock software will not include double tap to wake it has been asked and answered many times. thank you
@john williams when we send out the backer survey, you can add a phone at $349 usd price to your order!
@suktwo dothat yes! it mentions that one by name actually on the campaign page: "robin comes with an unlocked bootloader and open source drivers. you can load cyanogenmod or any other rom you want, and robin is still under warranty - even if you brick it."
sensor hub or not, doesnt matter to me, but i want to echo a few others for a feature request: double tap to wake. i found it so useful on my old m7&8! please nextbit, please!!!
@john williams robin will be available to pre-order sometime in october.
@john williams unfortunately, you have not backed a reward tier that includes a phone. you will get the sheep mascot toy. near as i can tell, you are stuck waiting until february when they release the phone publicly. unless... maybe you could privately message the creators, and see if you can simply add-on a phone and increase your pledge by the requisite amount. i can't say for sure if this is something they'd be willing or even able to do, but you won't know unless you ask. cheers!
@john william's,  sorry to say but what you bought is the mascot of this campaign, a vinyl sheep. it explained it in the description of the $40 pledge. now i don't know when you can purchase the phone now, someone here might know the answer or nextbit might see your posting and give you the answer. sorry you did not buy one as you might of been able to get one of the early buyer spots that never gotten sold in time.
@all @creator i'm not sure if this was answered previously, will we be able to use cyanogenmod? i know we can't use roms since it will wipe the system and not do the offloading. i ask about cyanogenmod since i believe one of the creators of nextbit is also part of cyanogenmod, so maybe there will be some sort of support, even if it is in the future.
i'm enthusiastically anticipating this phone, and i've pledged $40. i'm not clear what that exactly means. i don't really want a plastic zebra, or whatever it is. does this $40, not a lot of money, mean i will be among the first able to purchase this phone, when it becomes available? what are other people doing, are you pledging more money, or is that it now, we just wait until january.
never mind, figured it out. did not realize that hspa or hsdpa works with the same phones as gsm
does any body know what version cdma or gsm will work with koodo in canada?
hi i'm one of the early adopters i have a few questions, 1. marshmellow will it come pre-installed?     2. will there be an outer-box?     3. if i get the verizon one will i be able to go to straight talk, page plus, or freedom pop?
@rogerm yep, electric will be the only kickstarter-exclusive color.
is electric going to be the one and only color being made for the us backers, and never produced for the public distinguishing us as the kickstarter backers?
hey everyone i went with robin tell the end, glad i stuck in here! i work 10 hr day's so i'm over 368 messages since i was last on, did i miss out on any other good new's? as i cant go threw all those postings. how many backers back out at the end? sorry i did read that some left the last minute not allowing others to take there early spot's.. not very nice of them!
@nextbit @rebels awesome stuff!
@tim you're right, we have answered a lot of questions here on kickstarter and our social media. a group of our super community members have put all of it together: https://github.com/deadman96385/nextbit_private_wiki/wiki
@randy fang at time survey is sent out, likely around time of shipment.  so, it could be sometime in december.
@whitecat, nothing like pure democracy, eh? damned if you do, damned if you don't! i like the community choice personally.
@whitecat was one of 6 renditions presented following contest to create colors and then voted on by backers.  electric won out of the six.  check the campaign pages if you need more info.
why did we choose a color that is almost the exact same color as the 2 already chose? a completely different choice would have been better.
@nextbit when do we get to choose our color? and do we get to pick what kind of case we want? thanks, and congrats!
@chris frank we're focusing on getting robin all ready for you guys first. @dennis we don't have this yet, we'll let you know! you are all amazing!! we're still going to be here on kickstarter and all our social media. there's an awesome journey ahead of us :)
@rebels is there yet a page to view all 3 renditions side by side for comparison?
there have been some great questions (and answers) here in the comments.  would love to see (some of) them make it to the faq.  ;-)
sooooo excited!!!  mega congrats!!!
lollll midnight is not grey. it's a dark navy. the grey in the electric is charcoal.
someone knows the electric and midnight are the same gray color?
@jordan collins and @eric chu awesome. they gave you guys a shoutout regarding the colorway inspiration! great stuff!
@dwight the nextbit team has promised to keep our phones updated for two years with the latest software.@oliver there was some folks that backed out, but not enough to make a difference. plus they have upped the date already to the end of jan
yep, im glad this project was succesfull . im happy with the mint. as ive stated before a pledge is a promise. i think its to bad peoples idea of a pledge or commitment is only that... until something better or different comes along.
i like the idea of never having to worry about space and storage on the device. i really like that. been following you for a while now. this device really sounds like something that android needs. my concern is will it stay updated in the software department and security department. also how well is the battery life and does the device over heat?
@pol blancafort: there's nothing to activate or configure. if you use a fast charger to charge the phone, it will charge much faster than with a regular charger.
do you anyone think that we may get our devices earlier than expected because of those who backed out of pledging?
hey ! congratulations nextbit. one question for the community: how the fast charge works ? i'ts always active or only when you want ? can you setup ?
hmmmm mint or electric? midnight is out for me b/c i want something to really stand out from my space grey 6s plus.
@max chau  i believe they plan to have screen protectors in the final survey, they took a poll asking for tempered glass or plastic and it sounded like tempered glass won, but we haven't heard much about it after that.  if it isn't part of the survey, it should definitely be available from them during the development months ahead. @alin, not yet, i believe the initial debit is automatic through kickstarter, then they will bring out the survey and you can add more accessories and they will charge you that extra amount.  i don't know for sure, but that is how i understand it.
would be great if, we could have a screen protector as well, it might be hard to get one if it's not mainstream...
hi guys, i have a question. did anyone receive the survey from nextbit? they debited my account automatically but no survey....
@nextbit  just for fun, have you guys began preliminary plans for a follow up phone, or i suppose are you waiting to see how robin pans out to see if it is viable?  that sd820 is looking mighty impressive with their advertised 40% increase in power and efficiency.
@rashun oliver  they said if they get their hands on it and can update it to their cloud interface quickly enough, it would ship with marshmallow.  given that it gets released on the 5th or so, i would thing they have plenty of time to accomplish that, and if not they said it would be in an update within weeks of shipments beginning.
i am so excited for nextbit robin project, this will be great device if all goes well for my wife, who will be returning stateside soon. i am not going to knock the individuals who pull out at the end, because i have no clue what the reasons were. i too has fallen short in many areas so i have no place putting my mouth on anyone, yes it is unfortunate to see those slots go to waste, but the focus is the completion of the robin project and not to look back. so congratulations!!! to nextbit and everyone who believe this was the best choice for them..
yay nextbit we did it!
awesome job nextbit, i had a lot of fun and this was my first backing! let's keep the ball rolling for a long while.
orange, we need orange!
le sigh....i knew it would never happen, but i was really hoping everyone would surprise me and select royale or ocean. i'll wait to see live models of the electric before i make my decision.
first i would like to say congratulations to the nextbit crew for creating this innovating device. the next 4 months is going to be frustrating waiting my robin. i do have one question. will this phone be receiving the marshmallow update upon release?
i have been apart of 41 campaigns and this community is by far the most committed to the project.  i stated when the campaign closed how selfish it was to all those people who backed out in the in the final hours and those who left with minutes to spare.  it really annoyed me that they left those early adopter unfilled.  what i've noticed is that many of cool tech gadgets on kickstarter are featured in all the tech blogs so those people who generally are not kickstarter supports most only come on board just for those tech items.  they are also the ones who complain the loudest and the fastest.
congratulations!!
congrats nexbit. i'm happy to be apart of the early adopter robin, android enthusiast. i'm definitely excited and can't wait to have the robin in my hands.
electric made me waver on my firm choice of midnight
i'm so excited to get this phone that i'm already searching for usb type c adapters for my existing cables! this is going to be an agonising wait!
just three months away!
can't wait to see final product. no hurry here can wait for innovation
card has been charged!  go go go!
well done! congratulations! me and my boyfriend have ordered 2 phones! we can't wait!! :)
@nextbit thank you guys for the official confirmation..electric has been the favourite for most of the backers..hope you will make enough adjustments in the colour and make it look the best in hands..!!
kind of scary, but i'm glad i chose to support nextbit. well done for creating such and amazing piece of tech!
cant wait for the update. @nextbit your awesome guys and we have faith in you, god bless.
thanks so much for all your support and congratulations everyone! we really couldn't have done it without the overwhelming support from our community. and, a lot of you have been talking about electric - it will indeed be the kickstarter community color! stay tuned for an update today. we can't say thank you enough :)
look at the last slot of $299 and not able to switch over..flip table*
stand out among the crowd backers!
@matt yeah
this will have usb-c, right?
excited for the robin. electric robin coming the haiti
we can still post here? do we need a reciept? i checked my bank and the 324.00 was paid
@nextbit congrats on the successful kickstarter campaign!! sooooo...saw the interview on android central: http://www.androidcentral.com/three-huge-takeaways-our-nextbit-interview ..soooo, what's that announcement you mentioned when you said the robin is already being ported to to marshmallow?
congratulations!!!  i'm excited for the road ahead!!!
congratulations nextbit!!!! waiting for an update from the team. stay warm #sfchills
@nextbit: congratulations ! now it's your turn ;-) we trust in you and your skills to keep the promises.
congratulations @nextbit...i'm looking forward to the next step in the process, and excites to see final images of robin and the cases :o)
congratulations nextbit! excited to see what happens next.
i'm in for mint until more pictures are shown… hopefully next update has more info on case add-on.
this is awesome,  it's like knowing what your christmas present is 5 months early! i'm gonna hold my breath!. . .  erm..
can't wait to get my robin,would like the midnight color when you start shipping.good luck with your new phone!!!
all the best guys.. looking forward to this phone.
yep, im getting mint and midnight.  nextbit had it right from the beginning
go mint !!
i'm torn. i really like the idea of having a backer exclusive color, but i really like the mint! before we have to choose could we see high red images of all three designs?
anyone know what is the return policy?
sweet! can't wait for the phone to arrive. also if the electric color won, that would make me happy. it was the best choice in my opinion.
@robert i know they plan to post an update today, hopefully with even more information, but they probably wanted to get the quick answer out earlier.
@robert i think they posted it elsewhere to drive more backers in towards the end. they'll do a bigger update here soon with the colour included.
ahhhh...guess i figured they'd post an update or post here.
@bosskar..i am a first time backer.. so i am not aware
@krishnanunni: happy to help. :-)
@bosskar : call your bank and find out what the prob is. they may have blocked high value / international transactions. they will usually fix it if you contact them.
@robert nextbit has posted it in twitter...
@krishnanunni: for the watch, i chose regular post and hence it took around 4 weeks to reach me. it was stuck with customs for more than a couple of weeks. but in the case of nextbit, their logistics partner would get it cleared quickly.
we know what colour won because they posted it on twitter and facebook :)
@praveen i refreshed the page only now..saw ur reply then only...thanks bro..
@praveen you bought that watch from kickstarter na..? how long it took to reach you..? from where did the seller sent it..?
@krishnanunni: it should reach in under a week from when it is shippedshipped as they are handling customs clearance themselves (it would take much longer if it is sent via regular postpost for e.g.). it is likely that they will ship from hk as it is close to india and their mfg facility.
@eduardo - i've heard, but how do you know?
@night1505 i tried but getting same msg...
@robert nowak electric won
how does everyone know which color won the contest?  there has been no update.
@bosskar i've had issues like this before. usually i just retry the original card a second time, and kickstarter accepts it then. not sure why sometimes i have an issue with the first attempt, and other times i don't, but re-trying the same card has always worked for me. good luck! :)
@rahul mine not debited saying "there is a problem with your payment to robin". when i made pledge, it accepted but now asking to use another card & i tried that too but got failed saying " the card declined"... wat may be the problem??
has anyone from india pledged anything here before..? how long will it take to reac us once the item is shipped by the seller..?
@krishnanunni / @rahul : the conversion rate depends on your bank / credit card provider. mine still shows it in usd - yet to see the inr figure.
congrats！can't wait to see the amazing phone for shipping. wish all the production process going smoothly. wanna thanks to the nextbit team, and all backers!!!
@rahul same here..:) they took 1 usd = 66 inr i think..
a few things. 1) congrats on a very successful campaign. 2) got my confirmation email saying my pledge has been charged. 3) please make the electric backer submitted color available it kicks ass. 4) o er the moon february is too far away. can't wait. that is all.
@eduardo castillo to me it looks more like arctic mint the original mint. @han jun yes your eyes are getting worse, hahaha. it's dark grey; whereas the midnight is midnight blue.
@krishnanunni g its rs 26206..wat abt you?
congrats the team for successful project. by any chance is it possible add android sensor hub hw in robin in last minute :p . not sure if its exclusive to nexus devices for now but it could be a good addition to robin. i read it helps with longer battery life by getting sensor data away from cpu when not needed.
will ordering the kick starter exclusive color take more time than if i get the midnight color?
is the kick starter exclusive color top and bottom darker than mint? like more blue? or is it closer to mint?
hehe, one early adopter slot open (gsm version, january delivery date)
congratulations @nextbit. proud to be an early adopter!!
congrats everyone!
woohoow! congrats on a tremendously successful campaign, nextbit! let's keep this momentum going!
@abe either my eyesight is failing or that charcoal gray looks very close to the midnight color... upon a second look, ok, the caps looks more bluish than mint.
nice work guys and congratulations!!
payment pending! i'm in!
yes! i'm so excited! its great. thank you
@ian i love princess bride!! i can't believe i forgot that. gonna have to rewatch it! @han jun what do you mean? its veryvery different from the midnight. the back is charcoal grey. and the caps are real, not mint.
excited about @nextbit and #robin. congratulations on all your success so far and looking forward to seeing new and exciting things moving forward! #robin2016
i'm slightly disappointed that "electric" was selected as the community color, considering it was supposed to be "bold and daring". is it just midnight with the mint's caps?
yes! i'm so excited! thank you all
@krishnanunni i live in australia, so it's in aud. you may be after inr.
amount succesfully debited :d firstly, congrats nextbit for a great project! and also to have reached your goals and beyond! extremely excited to be a pruod owner of the robin. long wait ahead! :p
@rahul @jigish what is the exact  amount debited by them..?
grats everyone! wish i had known about this sooner and to be a part of what seems like a great community. just happy i was able to grab an eb spot last night! looking forward to this! january can't come soon enough!
congrats to nextbit and all other supporters! one step closer to an awsome device.. woohoo!
just checked. they debited from my account.
checked my account. payment pending! i'm in! i've been studying the colors, and keep going back and forth, but i think electric is starting to win the battle.
well done, nextbit! can't wait to get my hands on this beauty!
this one feels like an evolution to talking device. hope you keep innovate and your innovations inspire the users.
@kua it's a automated system like ebay.  they don't personally decide who got early spots.
@abe: princess bride!
congratulations! to us!  on top of an awesome phone, what i really appreciate is the responsiveness of the team and also, the great sense of community on here! people are getting involved to contribute to a greater good. hope that this connection and participation will ease the wait til january and beyond. keep up the good work everyone!
just now checked my a/c, not debited... how much debited from urs in inr??? @ rahul
congrats, nextbit!  so, what's now?  what's the phone color scheme of us, kickstarters? can't wait to get my hands on robin!  look forward to the updates from you folks, too.
:)
congratulations :)
yes! i'm so excited! go nextbit for making an awesome one-of-a-kind phone that i can't wait to brag about to all my iphone having friends.
congratulations nextbit!  i'm so excited to be even a small part of your great effort!
congrats @nextbit! a great phone and great engagement with your backers. can't wait to see the final product! cheers!
just had a message funds collected , well done @nextbit cant wait
@ian webster i want to get the reference, but i don't. sorry!
they just debited from my account.
can't wait.
wow, there was one early backer spot left. jerk.
whoop!!!! party time! :d
that said, congratulations nextbit on the successful funding! and a job well done, fellow rebels. can't wait to get my hands on this lovely piece of smartphone history! :d
so excited for this! thanks everyone :)
@abe: we're on the bit squad. mm: you are the bit squad! kudos if you get the reference.
@nextbit big grz and thank you. the world got a tiny bit better because of you.
still "manage your pledge" option is available, so those who did not manage to bag an eb slot can give a try!!!!!
amount collected :) got a message from bank
just hopped on their facebook page. 16,601 likes, but only 3611 backers. their loss - hopefully they will get involved once the retail version comes out.
awesome! i'm really looking forward to a bloatware free phone!
congratulations guys!
wait that sentence was delivered incorrectly. hahaha. you get what i mean. 3,611 squad deep.
@and the exclusivity of being one of the 3,611 phones that will be unique from every other one. >:)
congratulations@nextbit
@abe chung, you forgot that we're also getting that warm, fuzzy feeling from being a part of creating something new and exciting.
@rik other backers who did not manage to bag an eb slot would probably be more upset about it than me. at least i still have a slot for myself. curious though - if more than one person messages nextbit about the eb, how would they decide who gets it?
@angelo so truuue i am so glad i will be one of the few to have this phone!!
soooo excited about this!!!
eagerly waiting for nextbit's update and survey form :d
3,611 backers pledged $1,362,343 to help bring robin to life. thanks to all....
anybody know if they do remove from the account right away? or after the survey?  i think it will be after the survey when the charges are finalized for everything, but i am not sure, i have only backed a couple smaller projects in the past and didnt pay attention
think about it people we will be one of 3,611 in the world to own a robin ( first edition). that's pretty cool.
@angelo..early adopter special pledge;o)
congrats!!!!
why people waited till the last second to drop it?  why we still have so selfish people!
when will the amount get debited from our accounts?
@kua sent them a message, i'm sure it will be available.
congrats!!@nextbit
what's eb @darko?
there will be a minor community who tends to be selfish always...dont think about them..its waste of time...its party time now...:)
had given up my wife's eb slot to a friend of mine, but then kept checking on here over past few hours after deciding that i would still like to get a 2nd robin. saw the eb open up in the last few seconds but was not fast enough to snag it. depressing :(
congratulations @nextbit and all the backers.
@abe agree with you.  pretty selfish act.
@darko loll my thoughts exactly. congrats to @nextbit!!!!
congratzzz @nextbit...we have done it....:) :) :) i know you all will be glad to see our happy faces...we have that much faith in you guyzzz...you are awesome...!!
i have a comment.  there are 3 early adopter spot left on the table at the end of this campaign.  i think that it was selfish and unfair to robin to drop out in the last 5 minutes.  you should have dropped days weeks whatever and give the loyal supports an opportunity for those prized spots.
wow, in the end there were gsm early adopter and 2 cdma early adopter packages vacant. shame on you to wait til the last seconds to dip.
congratulations  everyone & nexbit team... i am waiting for a message from bank saying xxx amount has been debited :)
congrats @nextbit... congrats @all :)
congratulations nextbit.... and f**** this a***** who stop their pledge for eb's a minute before the end.....grrrrrr
some weird stuff going at the end, well done nextbit!
congrats @nextbit on all your upcoming success. hopefully, the 3,611 backers, $1.36m will be enough to bring to reality your dream smartphone!
congratulations @nextbit on a successful campaign and for your transparency throughout. please continue to engage with your backers now that the campaign is over. finally, get this phone made as soon as possible so that we, your missionaries, can get out in the field and begin converting the natives! and while you're at that, best start thinking about robin 2 (i already have my wishlist of components).
congratulations, nextbit and all you great guys here!
gratz on your first device nextbit!  can't wait to see what you have in store for the future as well :)
some left it very late..sad
yey !!!!!!
wow.. someone backed out the eb literally last second.  that was mean.
congratulations~!!!
voila. still here ;)
congrats
thank you all, thank you nextbit you rock!!!
congrats, @nextbit!
congratulations nextbit and rebels
funded...!!!
wooooo :)
w00t!
funded!!!!!!
wooohooo!!
5 secs
let's all count down from 10!
@abe chung, yep!
here we go, goodbye money! i have faith @nextbit
i like the seconds count-down :)
guys think about what we're getting! the nextbit robin included quick charger nextbit cloud t-shirt kickstarter exclusive electric colorway option special or very special sim tray smart cloud storage wow. great package indeed.
count down!!!
less than 1 minute left! oh yeah, robin is going to be awesome.
early adopter open...:)
1 early left
how people stop their pledge for eb's a few minutes before the end in terrible. do it way before so other people can take them in peace. *********
2 verizon open...
whoever is snapping these early spots in the final 2 mins.... you must be so bloody happy haha
@nevel nice! welcome!
2 ebs open!
early spots keep opening.
three minutes
gnextbit...let start it porduce;o) woooooow
100gb is good enough. the phone is a darn good one, the folks at nextbit are great and that's what matters. :-)
after the slight disappointment with n5x, i'm glad someone linked me here! i'd rather support what these guys are doing!
boom! snatched one after two failed attempts :).
i guess the extra cloud space will not happen.
@shay a special tray with an engraving.
let's see...30 days ago i decided to back this...maybe i'll back out right now... not!
what exactly is the very special sim tray? maybe i missed the details while reading.
i'm in all the way!  :)
i'm in. not changing my mind. :)
10 minutes left @rebels. now's your last chance to secure an early adopter or back out. let's go!
10 mins...:)
@hassan, people often back a project at the lower rate and hold out, deciding later what to do. this is likely what is happening here.
@hassan - refunds not possible later. people quit for various reasons, personal to them. it is a great co. and likely to be an awesome phone. :-)
@hassan i think it's always like that on ks, people pledge in the beginning as a "gamble". now they need to put their money down and the back down.
12 minutes to go!!!!!
@nextbit, will the color choices be extended to the quick charger? as pointed out, using a mint charger on an electric phone will be kind of offputting. not a huge deal, but definitely a nice-to-have.
@hassan - great. congratulations. you can expect to get it in jan.
yes hassan
thank you very much for reply.. i'm new here and took a quick look on the project few minutes ago. i was able to pledge and took the available seat for $299. does that mean mine will ship this january? (i live in nyc) why are people leaving? is something bad happened? can i ask for refund at anytime or is it not possible ? thank you very much in advance for replying my questions
@angelobrown i picked up an early adopter in the last 15 minutes, keep refreshing!
@hassan?
wow...nice total now...1 36 36 36
who got last early adopter?
it's still going up in the last half hour that's left, nice.  will land on 1635000 probably which is a very nice figure.
@abe - i've wondered that.  they were pretty silent after everyone was hating on the choices.  haha.
@hassan some people drop support and a spot becomes available.
@hassan - some people back out now and then, and that opens up the slots. you can try refreshing the screen frequently to see if a slot opens up and jump in if it does.
early adopter open...lol...
@robert..can you share a  pic of retro gamer..? i haven't seen that...
please, could someone tell me why the pledge of $299 has availability from time to time.  i guess all gone since a while???
@robert. i liked the retro gamer also but i wouldn't have taken it. it's a bit to much for me to walk around with :)
but what about the ringtone?
@robert nowak that would have been a true exclusive colorway. but because it leans heavily to a trademarked item, maybe that's why they didn't choose it?
ha.  funny.  the papaya one is the only one i think they actually looked at the community color trends. there were quite a few utilizing yellow.  their take on yellow if pretty decent imo.  but not to include anything with black...again, i think they just didn't want that and knew it would win. and i still pine for the retro gamer...sigh.
holding off on the nexus 5x for the robin instead, stuck with a crappy placeholder phone until then... will totally be worth the wait. do we pick our colour when the kickstarter has ended?
if u lose faith in the community over a color you don't have much substance. 30 mins to go yehaw.
@tyler i thought the same thing. papaya phone, not my cup of tea.
loooool, @tyler scow if i'm being honest, they look like they gave up on the ocean, papaya, and fresh. i think they tried to look like they pushed the boundaries, while maintaining some level of uniformity (except fresh looks straight up random ass colors).
so glad electric was chosen, was seriously losing faith in this community when i heard people say they honestly thought papaya looked good. such a relief.
isn't it great that the thing we're debating at this point is which colorway we like best? i think this is a great project. so happy to be a backer!
@jigish and @praveen true the white and mint is day and the grey and turquoise electric is night. maybe i will go for the midnight and hope that those colorways are on cases. hahaha.
or future accessories like docks... if they don't make electric variations then that would get a bit of a head scratcher.
@jordan collins...oh my goodnes.. i forgot about the charger and cable...my ocd will go insane if i choose electric.
can't wait to see a mock up of electric in the hand. the blue, at least from the image, looks more vibrant than the one on the mint, which is cool but at the same time ever so slightly annoying when you've got the charger plugged in because they won't match. however... that's a really, really minor issue haha.
@abe i think white and mint create a good contrast. and it seems to be the accent color of android.
@abe chung: i feel it is better to get the phone in the color one likes best. a case can always be added to give it a different character (say, for evenings / weekends).
@robin forsberg you don't like the sasha fierce contrast? hahaha. i just need to see the colorway on an actual robin for me to compare all three (well actually only two) to make my final decision. hopefully the phone is created before the survey is required.
@nextbit  please consider making the electric blue a bit lighter and not as fierce as abe described it. would not hesitate to choose it if you do this.
@jigish desai absolutely right. the mint robin "is" the quintessential color that represents the robin. however, it's not for me. the white makes the phone look cheap to me. however, that is subject to my opinion and may very well not be the case for most.
@praveen, while the mint colorway is refreshing, it's not a colorway i'd like to sport as a daily driver. if that was a case? heck yeah, to me, that color is a perfect accessory to the robin. my main conflict comes from the midnight vs. electric. do i stand out and make a statement with my device? or do i settle for a color that i love, but is standard?
for me, the fight is between between midnight and electric..need to see the real time look of electric to go for it over midnight..
@abe i think midnight just makes robin look like every other phone. electric seems kind of mismatch to be honest. i think mint is the original and eye catching color. and it seems to be poster boy for nextbit guys in every video or article.
i still think you've got to go electric as exclusivity trumps all. what's the likelihood of seeing anyone else with this colour option when you're out and about? very slim indeed. and if you do see somebody, you'll be able to reminisce about how awesome this campaign was! besides, if you really end up disliking it, you can pick up a midnight when it retails, switch out your special or very special sim tray and more than likely recoup your initial investment.
thank you nextbit for making us a part of your process and thank you for creating a color just for us!  i can't wait till i get my new phone i'm soo excited
@abe chung: i am settling for safe and boring. :) i am not able to exactly visualize the mint color. the 5x's mint seems more understated for example.
i know this choice should be simple...but i've been replaying the colorways in my head over and over: mint = fresh and new but it looks kind of plastic-y with the white back. midnight = chic and (best color imo), but it's too safe and boring. electric = shocking and fierce color contrast, kickstarter exclusive, but we don't have any real image demos and how it looks on the phone. i'm at a crossroads.
i think i'm gonna go mint...
@abe, fair points well made.
yeah, i didn't like any of the options, to be honest...
before this gets out of hand. @rebels guys the choice has been made. it sucks that some of the other awesome colors weren't chosen. let's be supportive. please remember the more colorways are created, the more expense it causes for the company, and lower expense means lower pricepoint for us. they've already allowed a 3rd ks exclusive colorway, so let's be grateful for allowing us to partake in a cool fun project to let the community have a voice. sorry if the color doesn't stand out to you, but remember what the colorway represents. :)
65 mins to go....
wow was really hoping coral would win. looks like i'm choosing mint. don't like the electric at all.
i'm happy electric was selected as the community colour. now to choose between that and midnight. hopefully we'll get to see the new colourway on an actual device soon (i.e before the surveys go out). that would help me decide.
@ mariana !!!!!
i feel from what i've seen that most of the community was split between royal and electric.. why not both?! please nextbit!
does anyone have $150,000 spare they can donate so we get the extra space? ;)
wow...less than two hours left and there's still two early spots left?
@abe chung it's the combination of the colors that makes royale looks really nice
@estellexy_ you like royale over midnight? is it because it has a purple hue?
any chance for royale? pls @nextbit..
@casualt my thoughts exactly. i like the midnight the best. the mint is fresh, and the electric is shocking to the eye...plus it's a kickstarter exclusive. life and it's hard choices....hahahahahahaha
@chaoleo - me too. electric is kind of bland to me. i really wanted royale, if any of the 6. but, i may just go with electric, just because.
i'm so i am so torn i have no idea what color i'm going to choose! the electric is nice but oh the mint it is minty! and the midnight is sexy. :p �
:/ guess i'll be getting 2 midnight phones after all..
2 verzion spots open
think i'm still going to have to go with midnight
@ nextbit could i know electric color more? which green and which bleak/grey is going to use? is there a real color palette to see? https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cqogrdxwwaaz47h.jpg
for sale ( in january ) one slightly used gold 64gb 5s iphone and 4 changing cables.....  i am sooo done with apple..... this is going to be my first android phone....and for only 300 dollars... i don't think i can lose.....
electric has been chosen...this time they went with the backers i guess..it was my favourite too..but, cant choose it over midnight unless a high resolution image or video is released...expecting it at the earliest from @nextbit..
correction: they are actually open. if anyone's interested, seize your spot!
the verizon spots aren't open. kickstarter sometimes takes a while to update the nos.
2 verizon spots open still...
sikander khan i'm interested ☺
can anyone invite me to subreddit?? @ moderators
hi i got iphone 6s...anyone interested for my early adoptor spot...then jump to the reward section as i am leaving it now. bye!
electric it is. pitty but it was my second choice.
can anyone invite me to subreddit?? @ moderators
will the robin be able to take slow motion video?
will the funding happens automatically or we have to pay manually???
https://twitter.com/nextbitsys/status/649539439933440000
electric seems to have been the chosen community color as per update on twitter :)
got an early backer for jan 2016 spot ;)
@ shane mobbs @ stu thanks for the info guys!
backing from italy! keep up the cool work.
before all the congrats start pouring in i just want to say that this has been the best crowd funding campaign i've taken part in so far. it was very well handled and responses have been great. i've only become more confident in nextbit throughout the experience and i'm left feeling very content. not only has nexbit been fantastic but the community formed here has been great too...  which is quite an accomplishment for crowd funding because you usually find the comment sections filling up with demands, nags and general negativity. it's been 98% positive here though and everyone seems to be helping each other out. congrats nexbit, and to all.
yeah! since this morning, the number of backers hasn't crossed 3600 :/
me neither! the thrill of last hours fluctuation
can't believe there are 2 early bird cdma spots open!
oops that was for @maarteen
@nextbit will send out a survey to get your address, color, etc. you'll also be able to add accessories at that point.
@maarten: there will be a survey sometime after the project where nextbit will request this information from you.
so i understand we now just backed the project and payment will be today! but i didn't need to put down an adress, they didn't ask any extra info like witch color i would prefer and such on... how does this work after the project is funded? i just had to entered my name, credit cardnummer and i now got a comfirmation, that's it...
italian buyers? curious :-)
@krishnanunni g thanks. i know it is created with your account but still, i think it's a little different from google drive because it's offered with the phone so it's linked to the phone before being linked to you account. that's why i had doubt
@shane eagerly waiting...:)
@jeremy i don't think there is no need for explanation. cloud storage is not your phone's storage..it is created using your account...it will be exactly like google drive or icloud..if you want to sell your phone, you just have to remove your cloud account from your phone..the new user will have to create his own account..and he can use it from the scratch...
@abe chung @nextbit the question was asked but i don't find the answer : if i want to sell my robin, how the 100gb on the cloud will be manage? will there be a way to give it to someone else? or is it stuck with the first account entered with the robin? or maybe it's linked with our gmail account ? thanks for the answer because it's really important.
@abhishekabhishek plastic and aluminum
does anyone here know what material is robin made of?
for people in india this project will be funded on thu, oct 1 2015 7:15 pm
@krishnanunni sometime today i believe. @nextbit didn't give a specific time though.
@nextbit i just read that robin supports aptx. this is amazing, because i am backing the trinity sports iem on ks, they can be extended with a aptx adapter at a reasonable price. i had not dared to hope to use them with my robin. it is not self-evident that a phone supports aptx. therefore, a slight criticism: why did you not mention this earlier in the specs? it would certainly have pulled some more for robin.
today it will be on your credit-card. when that is being charged is not the same for everyone.
today ...
guys when we have to pay the money?
any one know from india know how to update the pledge amount without losing the spot
@nextbit when will the results of the community color be out..??
err!! to see so many*
@desai, your name says it all. of course you count..lol :p @rahul, i was actually surprised to so many!
is there any way for us backers to access the subreddit? https://www.reddit.com/r/nextbit/
@john smith: that's correct.
the currency mentioned here after choosing the pledge with shipping cost in, is in usd currency right?
@suraj i am indian but living in australia. do i count? :) i have early adopter pledge.
@jeff it will be added at the end of the campaign
when i backed the campaign it didn't ask what color i wanted.  did i miss something or does this come later.  thanks
@suraj: i guess there should be many ;)
how many indians backed the project? just curious..
hussar! i managed to get an early adopter spot after days of waiting and constantly refreshing. i wish this phone would come sooner! :d
@abdul yes it will.
does anyone know the sar values for the phone? would be nice to know.
this phone will be using a nano-sim card, right?
@kavya: it certainly does! thank you. :-)
just got an early adopter spot..:)
@kavya thanks for the clarification...:)
@krishnanunni g: 1275 inr. cost of the watch via kickstarter was 169 usd (incl. shipping).
@creator said this 9 hours ago "3. nope, our shipping costs include vat/import charges/taxes so no surprises at the end! " hope this helps!
i'm letting my early bird pledge go. i been torn since yesterday about it,  but i decided to go with the nexus 6p because i like consuming lots of media on my phone. i really wish i could had kept both, but i don't have that kind of money. i think what nextbit  is doing is truly amazing and i wish them and all the backers the best of luck. i'm going to release my pledge at 2:00 am central time. it was a pleasure being part of this wonderful community. much success to nextbit and their talented and visionary team. i really wanted to give my pledge to one of my friends, so i could still see it, but they could not afford it at this time. i'm truly sad to have to let it go. fly high robin, be different, be bold, be a true rebel. all the best to this wonderful community and the nextbit team.
@praveen how much you paid for pebble time as duty..?
just switched to early adopter, yay! thanks to the people ditching their pledges
@rahul lakshmanan / @krishnanunni g: duties are not vat / taxes. the faq / description only mention vat (and not duties). besides, i did pay the duties myself recently for an item i backed via kickstarter (e.g. pebble time). hence, my (mis)understanding. :-) thanks again for clarifying that everything is included in the charges mentioned here.
does the shipping price include duties when shipped to canada
@jigish yes, i guess the volume buttons will also be in mint color for midnight  http://youtu.be/v1n8d8yz2lk at 8:52
@rahul thanks bro..:) @praveen not once...bought many times...most of the sellers include all those tax charges in their selling price...
@krishnanunni adding customization heads way too many overhead expenses. motorola is a large scale company that can manage those kinds of costs. heck, nextbit even did us a solid by adding a unique kickstarter community exclusive colorway...i think asking for that is reaching.
@rahul lakshmanan : that is awesome news! thank you. the shipping charges are fully justified then.
any plans on makeing a car holder for robin? something that lets you charge wile driving would be nice.
@all nexbit has already confirmed that shipping includes all vat taxes custom duties octroi etc.. i have alsoconfirmed with them so all ppl in india there should be no extra charges
@krishnanunni : customs duties are country specific.. if it is shipped to india, it would come in via customs. if you weren't charged any duties (and you had them shipped to you, not brought in by yourself or someone you know), you have been lucky. :-)
@jigish pls share that video link...
@jigish: i think the power button is in mint color while the vol buttons are in the same (midnight blue) color. that is how it is in the video as well as images in the campaign.
@praveen i don't think so...i have bought many items including phones from abroad..haven't paid anything more than the asked price..you are telling we have to pay extra while receiving the phone..?
@krishnanunni : it was only my understanding from what is already written in the campaign faq.   it is standard / normal practice for buyers to pay the duties in their respective countries. @nextbit can clarify.
@nextbit in one of the videos, i saw midnight robin with mint volume buttons. is that the final midnight version? because on this kickstarter page, you guys have shown same color volume buttons as the body.
@praveen do you think anyone will complain f they add a few bucks for desired color..?? no one will..in fact will welcome that option...
@praveen what...? so we have to pay even extra to get the phone in hand...?? and about the idea..for the existing backers, it will be a good option..
@nextbit: i figured out vat is included but duties are excluded. @krishnanunni g: good idea but probably too late to announce it to the world (to get more backers). my guess is custom color combinations would be difficult to manage especially at this (small relative to say moto) scale and could impact costs.
i'm going to cancel my pledge. i just feel like there's no point of upgrading from my nexus 5 (especially with marshmellow being released, it'll definitely improve the performance of it). so if anyone wants an early adopter, i'm going to free one up in a couple of minutes. so be ready! and good luck to you nextbit! i hope you guys do make a kickass phone. hopefully, i'll be in for the next phone you guys make :)
@nextbit @all i have a small question..in fact it is a suggestion... why don't you guys add an option to select the colors for the back housing and top/bottom caps in the backer's survey like some other companies like moto is doing..?? customization always attract customers..just take the case of dell..i was a big fan of dell laptops just because they provided customization options..there will be many more thinking like me...like that, why don't you introduce that..? i know, it will affect the production time..but, we backers are ready to wait few more days if you are ready to deliver our choice of colors. i am not asking you to produce all shades of colors. at least 3 options (black, grey and white) for back housing and 4-5 vibrant options for the top/bottom cap...i believe it will definitely satisfy 90% of the backers with their color choices...isn't it a good idea..?? i believe we will get much more backer's if we offer this...please share your thoughts guys...!!
#rogerm - whatever slots are given up are almost immediately taken. :-)
@nextbit: do the shipping charges to india include customs charges / duties (18.18% of assessed cost for smartphones)?
@creator nextbit, i think you should post a message on all your social media outlets that it's the final countdown, and that it may be possible for them to snatch up any products others may have changed their minds on.
why are so many verizon backers giving up on robin???
@rene you won't receive notifications for apps that are archived. we're also only archiving apps that you haven't used in a while, so those notifications are likely less important.
verizon spot open guys!
yusss! managed to snatch up an early adopter spot! so excited :d
@rene i don't think you'll get notifications for offloaded apps. it would be as though you uninstalled the app, but all credentials are still present so when you reload it, it will have been as if it never was offloaded? am i thinking of this correctly?
so you don't receive the notification?
@rene if a notification from an app is so important to me, i would rather pin it, so it is not offloaded.
@rene when the app is uploaded,  the app icon will show as grey coloured
what happens when there is a notification for an app that had been offloaded?
countdown begins....tomorrow morning will be special
@kavya may not
creator nextbit on september 12 @hl the special sim tray is provided separately. you can still choose to use the one that matches the color of robin if you like. @jigish
will we have 4000 backers with 9 hours to go? :)
have to cancel my early bird pledge, unfortunately money became really tight. was looking forward to the phone too, will have to settle for hands on videos! definitely will be keeping an eye out on nextbit, though.  hope that ocean colour option wins!
yep in the comments section itself some good no of days back @jigish
@mugesh is it mentioned by nextbit anywhere?
@mugesh / @jigish: i doubt that.
@nextbit could you share info about the display brightness if possible? it is very sunny here throughout the year.
one spot just opened up for early adopter ...
@jigish you will get both
will the early adopters get the normal sim tray and the 'very' special sim tray? or just the very special one?
@mugesh: awesome! thanks.
@cavemanghost: it does. scroll down to see a reply from nextbit.
@praveen it is having aa very  special engraving in it
will robin support aptx?
@abdul: besides the adverb "very" we don't know much. some surprise is good. :-)
@nextbit: how soon do you expect sensor hub to go mainstream i.e. widely adopted by manufacturers? and will thethe power optimizations such as while dozing be available on the robin? thank you!
um... what's the difference between the special tray and the very special tray?
@isiah, i don't think that's a possibility if you're talking about moto x style always listening (i.e. even when the screen is off) the robin doesn't have the dedicated chip to handle that efficiently and they probably won't be willing to compromise battery life to implement it otherwise. there's probably an option to enable it while screen is on and with robin being developer friendly, there's nothing stopping somebody creating a rom with this functionality (at the cost of the battery life).
@nextbit @praveen @abe chung opps i think i must havemissed out that part of the information!  @kibida sorry for the confusion
so any hope for an always listening system for google now?
phew thanks!
@sikander: you're welcome. :-)
@joshua chng @kibida robin does support 4g/lte!
@yvonne no i mean the campaign is almost over. now the fun part starts. @joshua chng what do you mean? it does support 4g/lte
@joshua: it is supported.
wait, there is no 4g????????
is there a reason for the unavailability of 4g/lte?
thanks praveen!
kavya i got message on tge same as they said that they are finding solution how to credit exrra chared amount. hope i shall get more information soonest. but i think they may adjust 28$ if we select case or other thing? or they can transfer that amount into our original payment mode. but we can't change amount in the manage pleadge section as it's too late to edit.
@abe do you mean adding the case amount to do a 'home stretch'? e.g. i'm adding a bumper anyway, so i topup 25 to my pledge amount?
@nextbit: one last update before the campaign ends with any more details you could share would be awesome! some highlights about the camera / display / speakersspeakers / body etc. but i may be asking for too much!
@andy cheng, new colourway is kickstarter exclusive. i'm hoping for electric!
@nextbit thanks for the answers, much appreciated! can't wait to get the phone early next year, i've been limping along on a nearly dead galaxy s2 for months now because i couldn't find anything i liked. imo, private music streaming seems like a great next step for making use of all the cloud storage ;)
@nextbit is the new color exclusive to kickstarter or will it be available for retail as well?
@dominic hayes 1. yes, robin supports aptx bluetooth 2. we don't support a cloud storage solution like we do for photos/apps for music right now. that doesn't mean we never will. we're looking into lots of different ways the cloud can improve the smartphone experience. 3. at launch, we won't have a desktop client. we're working on it! @mark schwacofer we could never forget our amazing kickstarter backers :) @jigdish here's the map: https://goo.gl/qoj7sa @all indian backers please follow up with us regarding shipping costs privately in the messages. just click the "contact me" on our page. thanks!
@abe, +1 ad infinitum! final 10 hours! make it count.
people from india: you can use a freight-fwding service such as shopandship / borderlinx / ppobox to get the phone shipped to a location (they will give you the address) in the us and from there to your address in india. they will handle the customs for you (you will need to pay tjem the exact duties charged). you could save some money this way. just a suggestion.
@sikander, i get a warning as it still shows $98 for india in the drop down list. is that normal?
home stretch guys!!!!! we can do this!!!!
sorry it's jigish by mistakes jagdish is mentioned.
dear jagdish i got their mesage that now indian backers need to pay 70$ instead of 98 (shopping+taxes) as i am an early adoptor and total cost for me was 299$+98=397 but i have to pay 299$+70=369. if you are from india then you can -28$ from pleadge you have selected. this is all about for indians only because of some miscalculation.
@kavya same here... i too left a msg to nb but no response yet!!! @jigish nb has to clarify....
@bosskar, not me.. i saw the comment only this morning and i've left a message to nextbit. no response yet.
i remember seeing a link that showed all the places from where people are backing robin, can't seem to find it. can someone please help?
@hunter good job buddy... stick on
@ rahul @ kavya @krishnanunni did u people got the link/ msg posted specially for indians???
i gave up my verizon pledge 15 minutes ago regretted the decision and pledged again. i was going to go purchase a nexus 6p but changed my mind for now. i'm here to stay. i'm hoping for good battery life. it's hard to pass up a phone with these specs at this price. hopefully the winning color is electric!
welcome to all new backers for the smart rebels community... enjoy the exciting ride...
@ all smart rebels be ready to keep up our pledge... be part of robin,the only cloud-first smartphone.
@ abe chung good work by u on clarifying most of the doubts for the new backers... inspiring smart rebels!!!
can't see any links specially for indians!!!
glad to get a early package! if the kickstarter colour is electric, it's become perfect!
@creator just dont forget me after the kickstarter my payment will go through in 11 hrs
couple of questions/comments: 1. please tell me this phone is going to support apt-x. i'm assuming a2dp and avrcp are there as well, apt-x would make me really happy though. 2. eventual plans to allow streaming of your music from cloud storage to phone? i have a large cd collection (which i've naturally ripped a large portion of) and i'd love to be able to access it without necessarily having to keep it all on the phone itself. 3. will cloud storage only be accessible directly off the phone, or can you get to it from a pc? i.e. take picture on phone, have it transferred to cloud, then grab a copy from cloud directly on the pc?
@nexties @nextbit hey everyone, just created another #robintune. think this one has some wake up alert qualities. what do you think? monday morning proof? http://soundcloud.com/christopherschmidt/bells-and-whistles
@marcus, thanks for the info! @d'don, yep another win for robin!
@simon nortman - wow. that's so lame... that's why sites like phonearena said it's no point in buying usb type-c cables now. i figured they would get the new usb type c new dimension configuration and the updated speeds for transfers. *le sigh* but, it's great robin is 3.0 compatible. another win for robin, especially over the nexus 5x.
@simon- short answer: both. from the nextbit faqs: our phone is also usb 3.0 compatible—giving you the fastest way to connect to a computer. since this is a cloud-first phone, we know that you’ll mostly be using the cable to charge your phone which is why we only include a 2.0 cable—it’s much more flexible than a 3.0 cable so you can plug in with less hassle.  if you want to make high-speed data transfers, you’ll need to purchase a usb 3.0 cable. we hope to make one available for you to purchase soon after our kickstarter campaign.
for early adopters can we get 2 during the survey? especially if the papaya color wins!
@all, does robin support usb 3.1 or just 2.0? i ask because i just read that nexus 5x and 6p only supports 2.0...was wondering if this is another area that robin tops nexus
omg custom apps!!  i would do all pokemon!!  that would be epic!
will the launcher allow for individual icon customization? i use trebuchet for cm12.1 currently, and one pet peeve is that although i can use icon packs, i am unable to edit individual icons like nova launcher allows.
@andrew chong - congrats!
@nick. i guess it's your spot i just took. thanks.
@daniel - basically, like what sense does that make? o_o, and the robin made almost 3x's it's goal, on pre-orders? where's the failure in that..................? welp, i hope someone truly enjoys the open spot nick left.
desperately praying that the papaya skin wins. the others look alright, but papaya would look stunning in person.
@nextbit @abe. i have a suggestion. i noticed that some phones that water resistant use a special type of spray, i dont remember the name, but i know the sony z5 and the turing phone have their phones sprayed. it keeps the components in the phone safe from water. what do you think of this? your thoughts?
@night1505 it was not my intention to discover that it would turn out that way, sorry for being the bearer of bad news.  trust me, i was hoping to find a spot as well to get it a month earlier, but i will have to wait like the rest of us i guess.  take care!
finally went ahead and backed it. super exciting!
@chaoleo the special color will be announced in our update tomorrow. thank you everyone for voting!
@ben slade you'll be able to add cases and other accessories to your order up until shipping!
i was wondering the same @daniel. don't really get @nick's reasoning.
@nick cancilla, you are leaving because it didn't get enough attention? so in other words, you only want to support what is already popular? how is anything supposed to work out if people just abandon ship the second it isn't big enough a deal for them?
what's the special color?!! errrr, i wanna know!
either way @isaiah, all you'd have to do is install nova prime. you can enable it through there.
@abe isn't always listening a part of android now anyway though? i thought all devices did it now.
yuppie!!! got an eb :)
@isaiah machiz, i don't think they'll implement that. it would drain too much battery, and i'm positive they mentioned this before...but don't quote me on that.
@nextbit will the lockscreen actually like the one in the video and on your website. i hope so, because i love that interface:)
any word on having an always listening option like the nexus and iphone?
@avi thanks so much for doing that checking and confirmation. you're pretty awesome, you know that? :) it's okay for me, it's only a month longer. thanks again!
from my experience with kickstarter the survey isn't sent out until the product is close to shipping. they do this in case your info has changed since the campaign,address etc. @creator my question is will we be offered the chance to purchase cases etc directly after the campaign or closer to shipping. thankyou
going to relinquish my early bird spot. robin received plenty of attention on social media and it still didn't garner the response i was expecting from a game changing cloud integration device. hell skarp, the razor that uses a laser, has over 11k backers and over 2 million of funds raised so far and they still have almost 3 weeks to go in a month long campaign. people believe that could be a game changer.  good luck nextbit. you guys seem to have a great team over there and i'm sure you guys will eventually capture a good share of the market with a very innovative device in the near future. robin is just not it.
@nextbit - after launch where will the cases be available to buy from should i decide i would like one later down the line?
@d'don washington, i was thinking of getting one of each. depending on the level of activity... if not, definitely scratches and bumps. i anticipate scratches will be somewhat translucent to show off the phone's colorway.
@nextbit - thanks for letting us know the prices of the cases. i'm definitely going with the "bumps" case.
@casualt at the end of campaign, a survey is requested for add-on information, shipping, etc (i believe).
survey?
@nextbit, until when do have until we have to submit our survey information?
@philip we will have two versions of our launcher - a “classic” version and a “simple” launcher. the simple version, which you noticed in the video focuses on just applications and the search widget. the “classic” launcher will resemble the stock android launcher with an app drawer, widgets, etc.
@mariana @hari, these are good questions but i suspect nextbit won't be able to provide us with definitive answers. that is because 1) everybody's usage is different; 2) marshmellow will introduce new power saving functions with 'doze'; and 3) it will depend on the stock clocking of the cpu and gpu and how that ramps up and down which i'm sure nextbit will be tuning very carefully in order to provide us with a phone that will "get you through a full day". the cto was part of the android power management team so i'm sure he's on top of this. i'm hoping for at least 3-4 hours of sot, but my usage is moderate.
@next bit i hope the overall performance is butterly smooth, coming from s6 edge  i get really frustrated when it lags, hope is something that was taken in consideration with robin, looking forward for a change
also, regarding battery life, real benchmarks with sot was confirmed to be reveled later this year.
@hari that was answered below too: creator nextbit 1 day ago @all  it's a choice we had to make around the sensor hub. we haven't included it in this version. but because we haven't included it, we're not turning on features that would drain the battery without the sensor hub. thanks for your suggestions! we're always listening for important things you guys want to see in future iterations.
@hari, agreed
@mariana  good question..even i'd want to know the average screen on times??
1 early spot
1 early and 1 cdma avail
@nextbit i'm looking through pictures and some early hands on videos of and i don't see the app drawer button that is usually present at the bottom middle. will the robin have this? if not, does that mean all my apps will just have to sit on the screen?
what is the battery life on average?
@nextbit a recent androidpolice article says that the sensorhub implementation is a good battery saver.what do you have to say? just asking..you guys know better .. :-)
two spots left
gsm early adopter pledge open 2 cmda early adopter pledge open i guess the people on the fence finally choosing sides.
thanks to @abe chung and @joel york for answering some questions! @luca lombardi 2. we're still working on packaging, we'll let you all know when we have updates on this. 3. nope, our shipping costs include vat/import charges/taxes so no surprises at the end! 4. we hope to have reviews before robins ship in january. 6. robin is aluminum and plastic :)
thanks @abe and @joel :-) cant wait..
what colours do you like from the vote for the new colour thing?
can i have my robin now? xd i want it so badly!
cdma 2 slots open...!!
@hari: 1. the cpu is the snapdragon 808 which is rated up to 2ghz. i suspect though it will be marginally under-clocked in robin as it is in many phones with this cpu. of course, robin is developer friendly so nothing stopping you from changing that. the coupled gpu is the adreno 418.
oops sorry for double comment it went glitchy.
@hari, the answer to question 2 was listed below: 2. samsung 3m2 isocell 13mp f/2.2 camera sensor. 3. early adopters will most likely get lolipop with their phones, but they're working to get marshmellow on all units prior to send out.
@all @abe still available lol
@all @abe still available lol
@nextbit few questions 1. can you share the minor specs like the cpu clock speed? gpu used? 2. camera sensor maker? and pixel size? 3. will it ship with marshmellow ?
cdma variant early pledge available.
@jigish desai sweet.
@luca lombardia i can answer #1 and #5: 1. the doogee f3 pro and oppo r7 both sport the same sensor. please keep in mind that software tuning can play a very big difference in the quality of the image processing. i'm not sure how much effort and resources went to fine-tuning their software, but those two phones have that same sensor. 5. nextbit said november/december 2015. they're actually working very hard to make sure the camera is as best as can be before showing off it's abilities.
backed $349 pledge, went to double check pledge, found early adopter spot is open.. ching... :d
@nextbit , some questions: 1) we know the the model of the camera module but on which other phone is used? just to get an idea of the performance, even if software and tuning can be very important... 2) my country, italy, is one of those avaiable for shipping when the phone will be released. any idea about the package and the shipping? for example peeble shipped with normal mail (super long times) and without cover on the package (meaning everyone could see it was an intersting smartwatch....) 3) when the phone will arrive here do i still need to pay italian taxes and duties? even if i already pay the vat here? or there is a reason\way to avoid them? will you directly ship from usa or pass by some sub-distributor in europe (that would avoid further taxes) 4) when are we going to see some review of the phone? 5 ) when are we going to see some real camera sample? 6) can you confirm that the "middle" part of the phone is in aluminum? hope you can reply to me :-)
oh wow! @nexbit, that's so affordable! that's great, i'll be able to get more than one then!!! you guys are so insanely awesome. keep up the good work!
@darren anslow there you go an cases.  thanx for that @nextbit.
@shiv manas we don't use camera 2 apis. @mariana scratches - $15 usd bumps - $25 usd bruises - $35 usd thanks for your support, everyone!!!
i wonder what the price points for robin cases will be...
@adam a, not sure. i have opo, and i'm pretty sure it doesn't have camera2 api, but supports raw.
doesn't raw require camera2 api?
@shiv manas the robin doesn't support camera2 api's, but is working with qualcomm and dxo to maximize their camera-tuning to the best of the hardware's ability. don't quote me on the camera2 api, though. i just vaguely remember @nextbit answering this a while back.
@nextbit: will robin support camera2 apis?
@kevin thanks bro..:)
@dennis thanks and jan instead of feb happy days
@darren good going.
welcome danny!
i have waited a long time, i couldn't decide... but i finally made the decision and im also a backer now :-)
@abe managed to secure , thanks excited now
early adopter gsm pledge available!
@doug c here's to the longest 4 months any person can wait for getting their self-given gift. let's have fun in the meantime!
17 hours to go!  very excited to be able to get an early adopter slot a few days ago.  thanks to all in this comment section in making me the "most comfortable" in staying with the campaign esp after  watching the motorola, apple and nexus announcements.  hopefully this galaxy s3 lasts a few more months before i get the robin.  looking forward to the forum to learn more about our new phone and how to maximize its fully potential.  congrats everyone!
@poi blancafort  welocme to the ride of nextbit robin, a phone many will want, soon.
hey !!! finally i got it !!! new backer here... i'm the happiest person in the world at this moment !!!
@tyler scow i believe there will be a store site up and running by the time the kickstarter units are out. if there is a defect, i'm sure they'll have customer service support and customer service centers, which will be able to handle claims.
@tyler scow i know there will be 3 service centers, asia, europe and usa.  so, suspect there will be an avenue to get it replaced or fixed, in a timely manner.
@abe ok cool thanks, yea waiting to see if one becomes available
question, lets say when we get out phone it arrives with a defect or doa, would we just contact nextbit through email and get it straightened out for a replacement?
@darren i'm talking about the early adopters package, for $299.
@abe is that $349 or $399 package or both ? thanks
@abe chung true.
@lars, sorry for the typo.
@darren also, you'll be able to get an exclusive early backers sim try and engraving.
@dars agree, likely, as pledge @ $399 adds case and mascot.
thanks lars
@darren unless it's a 50 dollar case (which i seriously doubt) you'd probably save a little money by going for the 349 dollar pledge and adding a case afterwards :)
have backed the $399 package from the uk because i want the case but not concerned about the mascot, will i save money changing to the $349 pack and buying the case during the survey ?
if you have questions, review campaign page or scroll through comments, as most questions have already been covered.  also, see faq on campaign page.  it has been an awesome campaign.  robin is and will be a phone to be had.  simple.  git'r'dun!
17:43 left.  git'r'dun!
@amnon govrin i don't think so. you will, however, be able to add-on the accessories post campaign with the survey.
spent a full 40 minutes in class refreshing page for the early bird spot yesterday during the nexus announcements! got my spot taken 3 times. glad i'm a backer now
is it possible to get the $399 extras for $350 if i catch a $299 early adopter slot and add $50 to it?
git'r'dun! build that phone.
@nextbit we wouldn't support you if we didn't believe in you guys and what you're trying to accomplish. so a big thank you to the entire staff for working as hard as they do in order to bring on this smartphone revolution! keep at it, it's been an awesome ride so far, and i don't expect it to stop any time soon!
i got confirmation that the cdma model is shipping in february regardless of which tier you pledged.  so getting the january early adopter pledge will not get you a cdma version in january as some have been led to believe.  i guess when you do the survey at the end and select the model, it will adjust the estimated shipping date.
@all (rebels!) thank you so so so much for your support over the past month. we really wouldn't be where we are today without you all. sorry if we've seemed a little quiet lately, it's busy times! we apologize if we miss questions, trying to catch up now. as we mentioned, we're definitely working on in-person meetups and a forum for you all - please look forward to staying involved with us :) also, we're really looking forward to hearing your ringtone remixes and announcing the kickstarter community color. i think someone asked if you could use other music for the ringtones, the answer is you must use at least some of our stems to be considered.
@jordi good catch :) .... i'll try my luck in a few hours
@hiba @osman yes, i did. good luck getting an early adopter spot!
i've been refreshing every 2 second. ... :( oh well not my moment. .. congratulations to the grabber ;) . sticking to my $1 until another chance comes up
jordi did you get it ?
colin left and 1 early adoper spot is now open
@colin thank you!
@osman @jordi when i free it up, i lose the right to post comments, so was just saying my byes. will do it now...
@colin will you let it go  now ?
@colin have you freed up your spot yet?
yeah thank u @ranu
@sikander i think google got nexus very right this time. i really am blown away with the 6p and just can't pass it up. if i was in position to invest in the robin as well, i would, but am not able to regrettably. i hope to see good things from @nextbit and as i said to @abe, will join you at the next watering hole!
they had asked not to share in the comments as it could confuse other friends not from india. it was miscalculated and corrected now.
@abe, thanks dude. i know i know! have been pondering for a while, but reluctantly decided against shelling out another £260 over the £499 (64gb) for the 6p. so yes, it is double the price, but all things considered, it is the right choice for me at this moment. i still believe in the robin and think it will push the boundaries, i just will have to join the ride at the next stop! good luck!
it about shipping as mentioned by rahul.
@ranu wats that message actually?
any of our country man got the message from nextbit?
@colin sorry to hear you go. i'm tempted to buy the 6p, but i will keep my early pledge regardless. it's too nice of an investment to pass up, imo. hope to see you back. you'll miss out on the special sim tray, kickstarter exclusive, and free t shirt! :/
i am also expecting some change in that shipping charges
dear colin i was also thinking on the same line but changed my mind and now not in the mood to giveup my early adoptor spot. please be with us! please!
yes that's what information i got a few days back when i had messaged the nextbit team.. includes shipping +taxes
@rahul i also think so that 70$ is for shipping+taxes for india?
i'm about to free up my early adopter. had been waiting on the nexus announcements, and have preordered the 6p. it's more money, but i just couldn't wait for the robin. wishing you all the best success @nextbit !
@krishnanunni g i copied the contact me link from the page below. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/messages/new…
well i got the message. it is about the shipping. it is not discussed here as it could confuse others.
i have sent message to nextbit, hope they will reply?
@ranu i guess the shipping +tax will be $70 for us in india instead of $98...i guess that should be the announcement
keep holding on! you'll get yours! @hiba
@nextbit i am from india..i cant find that link..i am browsing in phone..can u explain..?
@mariana congrats :)  i know what you are talking about .... waiting for my turn now :)
well i have messaged them also but waiting for reply... what is it about.
i have messaged u nextbit.. waiting for ur reply.. m frm india... is it the $70 shipping thing?
@abe - haha.  i hope everyone got that.
what's in the booooox
19 hours to go. i'm curious, by when do we have to reply on the survey. will it be a problem if i fill it in next week?
@nextbit: it's not polite to make the non-indian people curious ;)
i'm beyond excited to be a backer for this revolutionary phone... so excited.
@sikander - ye of little faith. they can't answer every question. they are alive, breathing, and this phone which had been shown to the public, though not finalized, is going to be awesome. if you're afraid of losing your money, pull out now. but if you're in, be in all the way and don't lose hope. this team is phenomenal, is working hard, and we'll all be smiling next year.
@night1505 is that confirmed officially by nextbit that the earlier pledges could get the verizon  model a month earlier?  i haven't followed the comments at all so just curious if that is true or not. thanks!
no way! just got an early backer spot! xd that was the biggest rush of adrenaline ever!
if any backers in india are still awake, please, click the "contact me to the right of our kickstarter video. we have a special message just for you.
@sikander: the phone is real and has appeared in many videos. nextbit have also organised small events to show the phone to members of the press etc. the company has a great team, is well funded, by top-tier investors (including google ventures) and hence one can safely assume that they'll make and ship the product as promised. :)
*february.... spelling fail :(
omg!! i managed to snag an early adopter! i had a cdma early adopter, but that ships a month later than the original 1000 early birds!! now i still get a cdma robin, but in january instead of febrary! woot!!!! :)
@robert nowak: using their cloud backup feature is optional. and, it is logical to expect you will have full control over your data in the cloud and can delete it if you want to. they are very mindful of security.
i've got the verizon version pledged for, but can you tell us whether the cdma versions will have carrier bloat software on them?  also, will those have any gsm capability?
i am back in as an early adopter.. happy days are here again!
@ dear robert they have mentioned that in case of second owner of robin he/she as to create new id with using his/her gmail id and can get 100gb cloud storage, but big question is that what about 1st owner of robin?~? no reply yet.
is there a way to delete it?  what happens to it?
@robert they have authentication protocols to access that information. as long as they can't sign into your account they can't get that data
important question - if you give this phone to someone else or sell it, does the new owner get access to your cloud?  do they get cloud at all?
@luna the camera specs have already been released: it's a samsung 3m2 isocell 13mp f/2.2 camera sensor and they've partnered with dxo for some serious fine-tuning, on top of snapdragon's camera software programs to really give the optimal performance on the specific sensor.
i am worried as creator hasn't shared any new video of robin, final design of case etc, as mentioned in the campaign page. i dont understand why they are not coming up with more details. i had every bad experience with recently pledged project peace, hope they shall not do the same? i shall wait for few more hours and do expect that they must come up with more updates and details. if not then i dont want to give my 400$ as a christmas gift.
@abe chung i have exactly the same deal. but being an early adopter is too tempting to drop my pledge (i hope it's the good word in english :)). still nexus 6p is the android killer of this year without any doubt and for 500$, it has no competitions !
@nextbit will the final camera specs be released before the campaign ends ?
@whitecat - they reply here, but have been very quiet the past few days.
@nextbit. there are no comments from you. where do you make your replies or communicate with the customer?
@michael - wouldn't say it "owns" it.  the n5x's real limitation, in my opinion, is the storage.  max 32gb with no cloud is too limiting for me. but with sensor hub, and what looks like a great camera, it is still pretty compelling.
re reaching the next stretch goal, i hope that a lot of people disappointed with the nexus 5x announcement will jump in before the deadline. robin totally owns the 5x. less ram, higher price for same internal storage, single speaker? not to mention the huge difference in the attractiveness of the designs. come on people!
3 verizon slots are open
not any more its not :(
one more early adopter special is available!
funding is currently at $*1,337*,099 if only for a moment, we're leet rebels :p ...i'll go back to work now.
@fiano i don't want to be a party pooper, but are you sure? we're still over 150k away from the next stretch goal with only 21 hours left... however much i wish it would, i don't see it happening...
soooo close to $1,500,000!  i really hope we hit this goal!
@jordan baum through their reddit ama nextbit resolve to keep the software updated for the next 2 years, and intent is have android m from get go.
early cdma pledge available!
@nexbit will "time to photo" be faster then on nexus phones? usually it takes ages, and i miss photo because of that.
one of each early adopter open right now!!
@nextbit hi! congtats on geting to the finish line you must be exhausted.  quick question/request: regarding bluetooth, can you let us know the range/quality of the bluetooth connectivity, as i have had very different experiences with different phones, eg my old motorola i could travel all around the house and still have my music coming from speaker in the living room crystal clear, whereas my sony z3 compact if i move one room over or sometimes even if i have my phone in my pocket the music skips and distorts using the same speaker. seems moto just had a better bluetooth chip or something.
@casualt, 4 month will be a nice birthday present to myself, ha!
less than 24 hours to go... come and think of it, will the built-in storage (presumably emmc 5.x) be fast enough to realize the potential of the usb 3.0 connectivity?
@abe chung, thanks.  can anyone from nextbit confirm?
@jackson winsett you should be able to select the gsm or cdma model after end of campaign with the survey.
question:  i ordered a verizon model, however by the time i receive the device i will be on at&t.  can i switch to a gsm based robin?
@casualt definitely, for sure. it's going to be a painful 4 months. i'm trying to fight the urge of not purchasing the 6p in the meantime...the temptation!!!
@jordan they are already working on marshmellow, with a good bit of luck they will be able to ship with marshmellow. if not we will get the marshmellow update in the first weeks. they will do their very best to get updates out as quick as they can.
it's going to be a long 4 months can't wait for my late christmas present!
how will the team handle future updates of the android os/upcoming marshmallow update?
@krishnanunni i have the day to day numbers concerning backers and pledges here on a paper, and it's definitely not going down. it's till increasing, it's increased by 10k dollars since this morning. sure, people are going to back out, but there's also a solid stream of people coming in. even if the total amount drops a bit, it won't be anything too serious i expect.
so, there is very less chance that the third stretch goal will be achieved..:( many are backing out i think..
23 more hours. @nextbit i'll like to request for more photos of robin in different color different lighting to decide mint midnight or kickstarter edition. mint looks fresh, midnight looks cool… urgh.
one verizon spot still open
i mean the gsm $299 model
just switch to the $299 model :-)
@sameer yes. just scroll down the comments..it was just answered now.
@enrico no one will gain anything without taking risk. all established companies were startups at one point..i think its not the place for you. we all believe in nextbit team and 1.32 mn dollars is the biggest proof..
can i change the verizon version for the gsm version?
@enrico, the key players for nextbit have a great track record in mobile phones for other companies so i don't think the risk is that great (hopefully so!)
@abe same. i would have chosen something with the kickstarter green and white...
nice phone but $349 for something with no track record it truly defines risk taking for the ks spirit. way to go ppl. i pledged $1 for the drama.
will the $1 million goal quick charger also come with an extra usb type c cord? curious. thanks
@toribio not since the reddit ama. they confirmed that it would take them some time with dxo and serious fine-tuning before any real updates were given..which is anticipated around november/december 2015.
@rebels as much as i would love to have an exclusive kickstarter limited edition colorway, i can't separate myself from the midnight. heck, even the mint is looking even better now. stupid colorways. i cannot choose. @nextbit, are we going to have a high-res image mock-up, similarly to the standard colorways for comparison? it's quite difficult to base off the images found in the update pictures. thanks!
just checked the specs for the nexus 5x the robin is much more impressive and 80 less .http://www.wired.com/2015/09/heres-spec-rundown-nexus-5x-6p/00
thanks guys. have they given details about the camera?
@toribio yes, someone confirmed that they contacted nextbit separately about selecting the gsm version from the verizon package
@toribio as per the information we received so far, all the backers can select their model in the backer's survey. someone  claimed that nextbit has confirmed it..i am not sure..
if i have selected the verizon special, could i choose to get the gsm version in the survey?
@ andrew, good question re: the cases. as this is, at present, such a unique and availability-limited device, i'm a little concerned about the possibility of 3rd party accessories. i'd really like a dock too as lack of wireless charging means i won't be able to use this with my qi dock. coupled with the fact that the usb-c is offset from the center of the phone means a dock will need to be specifically designed (anyone got a 3d printer and abilities greater than my own for design?).
@nextbit team: thanks for this wonderful / exciting project! a couple of questions: i read on phandroid that the case (in the pre-prod version they saw) was a fingerprint-magnet. will the materials change in the final production version? could you share more details about the camera (sensor / aperture size and indoor / low-light performance) when possible? thank you!
i'm keeping my early adopter pledge. i feel with this being almost a doppelganger to the n5x, i'm getting a better value here. how does everyone else feel after the nexus event? also, @nextbit will you be providing info for 3rd party case manufacturers as spigen, speck, ect. thanks!
no one need those two spots..??
make that two spots
version spot open
@rebels like someone mentioned, it's alright to talk about the progression and forward thinking of new tech, but let's try to keep the community comment section tapered to help with robin-related discussion. :)
@martin rutkowski i regard the audio material as inspiriation and starting point. i used some of the samples nextbit provided and added my own stuff to it. think its just about creating something snappy that you'd enjoy on your robin. cheers! #robintune
@nextbit. i will be there and look forward to meeting you and seeing the robin. android bbq is another reason texas is awesome.
a swedish project, a german tv-app on the desktop, the design looks suspiciously similar to a brand new american phone, the specs come from neverland. that sounds spanish to me (as they say in germany).
@all i saw the owner of that campaign, for the "symetium" is swedish, like me. so i looked him up. he posts a shitload of gta iv/v videos on youtube, he is born 1993 (22 year old). how could he manage a smartphone-company? hold your horses, stick with robin. proof: https://www.facebook.com/zzcool… (profile picture is the same as it is on the indiegogo-campaing). youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/taltigolt so guys, i really dont recommend you to throw your money here.
i'm talking about symetium phone, not the robin. the robin is keen!
or at least, it seems like a scam. just my opinion.
hahaha.. ya just crazy... @d'don valid point made, but this project seems to be fixed funded(that is what they are calling) which according to them means the project will be funded only when it achieves its goal
in the faq, it says: "what is the battery life? approximately 3 to 4 days" lol, too funny. gotta be a scam.
@rahul wooooaaahh...its like a dream phone for all of us...the perfect specs & design we would love to have...but, i don't even think something like this is gonna happen...
@rahul lakshmanan - i think people are crazy to buy the phone because the specs definitely sound like vaporware. very, "too good to be true." plus, the phone doesn't plan to be shipped until july/august of next year. that's basically a whole year. additionally, with indiegogo, it's not like kickstarter. as soon as you pledge (well go through with confirming your pledge), they take all the funds out of your account. before the project is fully funded, regardless. kickstarter is more like a pre-order/investment, and more safe to me.
yeah, not like we'll see a phone like that any time soon...
@kavya that is the reason i said just for the sake of fun..have a look at it..:p
yeah! i read an article this morning titled "there’s no way this ‘dream’ android phone on indiegogo is legit" https://bgr.com/2015/09/29/symetium-android-phone-indiegogo-project/
@rahul lakshmanan woah, those specs are insane!
guys, just off topic here:  i just saw a phone being crowdfunded in indiegogo..the sepcs are crazy..snapdragon 820..6gb ram to name a few..just for sake of fun check this out.. https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/symetium-the-no-compromise-smartphone-pc#/
http://www.androidauthority.com/oppo-vooc-flash-charge-596939/ i saw this fast charge from this 5 min charge for two hours of call time. how about robins ??
@ben the faq says it'll record 4k video. i believe it takes a nano sim.
@nextbit  also what type of sim card does the phone take?
what is the maximum resolution you can record videos at? i cannot seem to find the information.
@nextbit. are you going to have any update before time is up?
not sure if this has been brought up or not, but if you're going with usb-c for robin, i would include a removable usb-c-to-a cable for the dual use of charging and pc connectivity.  the nexus devices announced today have it, but their charger cable is non-removable, and they include a usb cable, but it's c-to-c.  since relatively few pc's have usb-c at this point, this means that people have to buy a separate usb-c-to-a cable for pc use.  now, if you're really feeling generous, you could include both cables, but i would say that the charger needs to be c-to-a compatible and the cable removable for dual use!  hope this has raised some awareness!
i kinda wished this whole backup to cloud thing can be done through an app without rooting. ugh why won't developers create cloud save feature for games.....so that i need not buy an entire hardware -_-"
@nextbit my question got waaay burried but about the ringtone contest. must it be a remix of your ringtone or can i create an original one?
@leomwa anyway i don't think they will consider a hardware change in this late stage..also they should have thought a lot about it while deciding the type of screen...so, something will be there..if it was only the price factor that forced them to choose lcd, that will definitely be a failure..anyway, let's see..
@krishnanunni the screen is the biggest consumer of battery power. super amoled gets really bright in sunlight - i would like to know the comparisons of power draw at 'good/acceptable sunlight viewing' between the two. if one has _substantial_ savings, then that should be the winner. some of use _are_ willing to pay the difference - so what's the real issue?
@daniel actually it is a trade off between amoled & lcd..we cannot say that amoled is better than lcd. both displays have their own advantages and disadvantages. when considering the power consumption, amoled might be the winner..but, i guess nextbit have their own plan of battery optimization so that the display won't affect the battery life... the only area where all of the backer's are concerned is the battery backup of robin. hope you guyz ( nextbit team ) will justify your choice...!!
@abhishek so far the confirmed accessories are three different cases and a vinyl sheep mascot (check the updates for some images). they also mentioned they're considering offering a shorter back-up charging cable which you can carry around for emergencies.
what are the confirmed accessories for robin? when will the 299 usd early bird version ship in january (start or end of the month)?
yes, @leomwa is asking a good question. i do wonder why nextbit didn't go with amoled. amoled provides great battery savings, especially for things like ambient display, and it also seems to allow for a thinner phone which means more space for battery. look at the nexus 6p or galaxy 6 as examples of this. i'm guessing it is more expensive.
@andy cheng it is clearly told by them that this community color will never be made again..it is exclusively for the kickstarter backers...like a limited edition model...
is the new color exclusive to kickstarter backers or will it be available even when it is retail?
what happen when there is something wrong with the phone?? is there a tech support team??
that's true @peter. but perhaps other pledge tiers could satisfy the ones with a samoled thirst :-)
i'm no tech wiz, just reporting their logic. also remember that the early adopter price is literally 50% of the g4 price (at launch), so expectations do need to be tempered somewhat in terms of tech.
@peter that's interesting. i currently use an lg g4 and that has a really top-notch ips lcd screen (the best?).  however, for good visibility in sunlight the brightness needs to be at nearly maximum and hence the battery life really suffers, even though it has a battery capacity of 3000mah. during the night-time as well, does anything go as dim as amoled can? seem's like an unfortunate choice to me.
@nexibit on midnight colorway will the volume and power keys be mint color ? also is it possible to make the cloud icon on midnight mint too ?
they said no waterproofing because of the design. according to them they are using a lcd because of superior visibility in sunlight. lcd is cheaper as well, though they said that wasn't the primary factor. the only colors are the two in the ks and the winner of the poll in update #7 (no dark-red).
a few questions: 1. is there any water/dustproofing considered? 2. given the power-savings with amoled type screens, what made ips lcd the choice here? are they more expensive and if so, could another pledge tier allow for another amoled device? 3. are there and dark-red palettes for the color schemes? apart from those 3 questions - i am glad to back this and i hope it takes off well. looking forward to launch. p.s i tried to search all the comments on here, but loading them proved cumbersome, so i thought i'll just ask. hope kickstarter implement a search comments feature.
before i commit i wanna make sure this phone will work on my network here in canada. windmobile uses aws bands which if i'm not mistaken is the umts band 4/1700 frequency. earlier this wasn't showing up on your specs but they are now. are you guys now going to support aws??
tell'em @abe
@nick that's an example of vaporware. nothing is set in stone and it's seemingly wishful thinking. pass. let the big boys handle it (pssst, of you didn't know, i meant nextbit).
check out these specs!  https://www.yahoo.com/tech/s/no-way-dream-android-phone-indiegogo-legit-204030613.html
@alvaro sierra 1. we're actively working on certification for band 12 on t-mobile. we'll let you know on updates when we have them! 2. yep, both days! you'll get to meet a good mix of our team, including our cto mike chan. will you be there? 3. we'll have robin at babbq for you to hold and see, for sure. @christopher schmidt awesome, thanks for the submission!!! @daniel that should be right. we'll check with our team tomorrow and update accordingly. thanks for bringing it to our attention!
@all - hey guys. i compiled a list of usb type c (usb 3.1) that are backwards compatible with usb 3.0 & 2.0 cables from amazon, under $11 with amazon prime free 2-day shipping (if you have a amazon prime membership): usb type c (usb 3.1) cables: onite (6.6 ft), $9.99 - http://goo.gl/whxtol joto (3.3 ft), $10.99 - http://goo.gl/lvxkth pecham (3.3 ft), $8.99 - http://goo.gl/lvxkth btw, they're rated highly, so they're legit.
congrats tavis.  i moved up the food chain earlier today.
isaiah i did not mention any names.  but if you look through the post for at least the past 5 days i think you can see what i'm talking about!
god bless the person who backed out of their early adopter slot! just got my robin on!
hello @nextbit. just had a couple of questions  1. will the robin have band 12 and volte on tmobile or out the box.  2. will you guys be there both days of the android bbq in hurst, tx?  3. also do you guys still plan to have  demos of everything? a version of robin as well as the accessories that go along with it.
i don't see why discussing the most closely related phone, especially on the day of its announcement wouldn't belong here. that said i'm a backer and certainly not trying to drive people away. just look at the 5x specs, 2 gbs of memory and gorilla glass 3? time to party like it's 2013 but what exactly do you mean by "you people?" :p
@angelo brown spot on!
@nexties @nextbit just finished a tune based on the stem audio files. give it a try if you like! http://soundcloud.com/christopherschmidt/clickclapcloud #robintune
people this a "forum" for the robin phone it is not for nexus, moto or any other phone.  i think you people are abusing this comment section and i thinks it's unfair to robin/nextbit.  i think you all need to take your discussion to reddit and i think in the final hour quite trying to make people abandon robin here is unfair.  i think that it's inappropriate place to discuss all these other phones .
perhaps it's just a t-mo issue. this is where i got it: http://www.tmonews.com/2015/09/nexus-5x-and-nexus-6p-dont-support-band-12-or-volte-but-google-said-to-be-working-on-it/
http://www.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p-and-5x-are-designed-work-across-major-carriers-us-here-are-full-radio-band-listings looks like they both do 12. what's holding nextbit back from doing just one model with all the bands? also thanks for chipping in matt, i thought the sensor hub sounded like marketing.
p.s.  you can read about how it all works here.  it's not too complicated. https://source.android.com/devices/sensors/
hi, android full stack developer here. i just wanted to help clarify the confusion over android sensor hub.  pretty much all android phones have always had it.  it's where lower level sensor information is processed.  how do i know?  i've worked on it before.  all that google has done with the 5x and 6p is write a few software programs that use basic machine learning algorithms and maybe (probably not) a small chip to process that sensor data.  but again, i stress, pretty much all android phones use sensor hub.  i'd be surprised if those algorithms were not part of the marshmallow update, and if they aren't, they're no more than a software patch away if developers (or even 3rd party app developers) want to create the same (or even better) functionality.
@abe, i don't know about volte, but i know band 12 is definitely in the list.
in case anyone is interested, after uploading the 3d file to shapeways.com, shapeways indicates that the true dimensions of the robin are as follows: 149.3 x 72.42 x 7.0 mm i would appreciate if nextbit can confirm this, and i suggest that they publish whatever the correct number is. this degree of precision is the industry standard. since we're all talking about the nexus 5x, here are its dimensions for comparison: 147 x 72.6 x 7.9 mm also, the moto x2, another 5.2'' screen phone (although 2300 mah battery) is  140.8 x 72.4 x 9.9 mm (3.8mm at thinnest point) of course that does curve on the back so the thickness is somewhat deceiving.
@ian, to be fair, neither does nextbit. i believe they're working on it also. but kudos to nextbit for getting the ball rolling before google. suck on that big companies!
we'll agree to disagree isaiah. i think it's a fine analogy - carphones have nothing to do with it. you're right that no nexus has ever truly been top tier, but i'm comparing it against all the phones out there that have the bells and whistles we all want but just aren't going to get at $299, or even $399. i also just read that neither nexus currently supports band 12 or volte. so there's that.
so the honda/mercedes argument doesn't really hold water. google/nexus phones haven't ever been particularly high-end or lux. and nextbit doesn't even fit into the analogy, they haven't even launched a car (phone) yet. i don't think the sensor hub is necessary - android phones have been able to do all that stuff for at least two years without the hub, i suppose it might just be more efficient now? i'd be pretty disappointed if the nextbit didn't have wake-on-lift on day one, and if it doesn't i'm sure somebody will add it. (but this is already a feature, right??)
@casualt: my bad - quick charger (my wife just got a wireless charger for her note 5 thanks to the samsung pay promotion - got that on my mind). but still.
@ian what wireless charger?
@ian webster well put.  kudos.
i'm kind of laughing at the people complaining about what the nexus 5x has that robin doesn't. someone said it best - you don't walk into a honda dealership and expect a mercedes benz. what you are getting is a very nice mid-tier phone at a budget price with not-quite-but-nearly high tier specs. and a wireless charger. so you didn't get your retro gamer and your sensor hub (which you didn't know existed 24 hours ago). appreciate the vision that these guys have, and know that nextbit has not ruled some of these requests out, you just don't get them right now.
with two front-facing speakers, i'd be thrilled if the robin turned out to be a great speakerphone with good duplex audio and echo cancellation.
@jeremy buerkle you are wise grasshopper.
@terry the android bbq is in hurst tx
after looking at nexus 5x, choose robin finally for better storage, slimmer body and 3gb ram, hope that the camera is as nice as nexus 5x during dark condition.
sorry to go on about this, but can any of you please confirm the exact dimensions in mm that you get from the 3d stl file of the robin? i used two online stl viewers. one of them told me in the file data that it was 49mm x 72mm x 7mm, but yet another one when i hit some kind of measurement function told me it is x=72.42, y=149.30, z=7.00. not sure why nexbit can't just confirm to the first decimal point, the exact dimensions.
@nextbit where in texas?
@nextbit are we able to bring in other audio files for the ringtone contest, so long as they are creative commons?  or do we need to just stick with the stems?
after much thought, i am sticking with robin. waiting the extra 4 months sucks, dont get me wrong, but i think it'll be worth it for a phone that is different than everything else in design, the extra ram, dual front speakers (the 5x only has 1), unlocked bootloader, and a near-bare version of droid? plus $50 cheaper? really its a no-brainer..
@casualt most people on here (myself included) had no idea that the sensor hub was a thing until they highlighted it during the marshmallow 6.0 conference and heard about new 30% power reduction in idle. naturally people wanted to know if this phone would support this new feature. its not a dealbreaker for most, and certainly not crucial in a phone in this price-bracket (tech-creep is real and people want the best of everything at bargain prices). now if those features become en vogue, then future products will likely include them (like the 4.7" 720p screed high end-great specs phone that have great battery life that fit in your hand that nextbit is surely working on of they know whats good for me err... them).
@nextbit, i think the thing thats making people jump is google's support with bringing latest versions of droid even to older phones..have you had any discussions about how long you will come out with new versions for the robin?
@andy cheng - i am too. we're in the same boat, lol.
@nextbit - i love how the funding went to $1,315,000 to $1,317,000 plummeting down to $1,312,000, and shot all that up to $1,320.000+. the robin snapback game is real! the 5x had no real effects on the robin. congrats nextbit on the strong, and wonderful product.
@dimitre i believe nextbit had shared that they would not be considering any changes to the hardware at such a late stage of development now. it may, however, be something they would consider for future versions of the robin? only tweaks they would make now would only be on the software side. that said, i think the battery capacity should still allow us to get through one full day without too much of an issue. charging the phone at the end of the day to allow it to get through the next sounds pretty routine to me :)
@luna hey im using a g4 as a daily driver too biggest change will be the camera for sure
i see a lot of comments regarding the battery life.  especially in regard to sensor hub (the feature of the new nexus phones).  i understand the clash between desire for longer battery life vs nice features that likely will drain more juice.  but... if the robin design is still open for suggestions and modification, why not increase the battery capacity.  i know it may cost a bit of extra thickness but that in my opinion is the lowest price to pay.  i really do not understand the trend for thinner phones that require to always carry extra battery or charger or add battery case that is twice as thick as the phone itself.  really cannot comprehend.
@andy cheng i agree.  best feature on my lg g4!
please include double tap to wake and sleep! its been one of the most convenient feature on most android phones
i'm confused. sd808 and 810 chips have been out for a long time now. why are we just now hearing of the sensor hub??? i'm not sure this phone is even capable of it. if so why the comment from nextbit....
@nextbit, an online stl viewer i used is showing the device to be x=72.42, y=149.30, z=7.00 is this correct? @joel york. yes i agree. what nextbit is doing is impressive.
i stand by nextbit and the robin. the nexus 5x is in its own right a good phone, but at the kickstarter price the robin is a much better buy! it may not have the sensor hub, but it will have a far superior design and build quality! it will have better audio plyaback and speakers! the software updates will come, just as fast as the big manufacturers (if not faster). good job nextbit! a great phone from a solid down-to-earth team!
@nextbit sensor hub please.. just need to stay as close to stock as possible. what is your use of the low power core?
with hours to go on this campaign: firstly - nextbit's ringtones sound like a cool combo of brim by olafur arnaldson and alone in tokyo by talkie walkie secondly - so so so glad i backed this campaign instead of waiting for new nexus. i was massive fan of nexus line for years, but n5x leaves me cold and uninterested... i blame you @nextbit, you guys 'spoilt' my taste with all the cool design and colours and stuff
@daniel, that is a fair point, although nextbit did state in an interview that they would do their best to get it shipped in january for everybody, not just the early birds. remember that nextbit are a new(ish) company and don't have the manufacturing flexibilities of behemoth companies such as lg and huawei. so a couple of additional months are personally not a big deal to me, although i completely understand that they might be for some. the pay off in waiting for me is that you'll get a similarly specced phone per my earlier post, plus you'll have a phone that doesn't look the same as everybody else.
@daniel the 3d file will give you the accurate size of the phone :)
@joel york those are good points, however you are leaving out the fact that the nexus 5x is available over 2 months earlier (3 months in the case of nextbit supporters who showed up a little later).
@joel, i agree with you...after the nexus reveal i am happier than ever too. the design of the robin is so much nicer...not to mention it has a metal build (not plastic) dual front facing speakers ( i believe the 5x has only one) extra gb of ram, and is cheaper! i was nervous that i would have to make a decision between robin and the nexus, but it actually made my decision way easier.
@nextbit you say the dimensions are 49mm x 72mm x 7mm. is that to mean that it is 49.0mm x 72.0mm x 7.0mm. can you please specify to the first decimal point? @abe chung the finger print sensor doesn't take care of tap to wake, because you still have to press the button, which obviously isn't a big deal, but would be nice if it worked like the nexus sensors if you want it to. re. the moto x2, i don't really get what you're trying to say. we know that the x2 was using older hardware, i was just also making the point that it's batter life was not so great also because it used 2300mah battery. so my point was that the robin could probably include a sensor hub and have perfectly reasonable battery life. people who are interested in battery life tend to be the loudest, but for those of us who have used phones like the moto x, we know how much of a difference some of these features make. anyway, sounds like it is what it is.
the ringtone anyone? it's like cirrus and audiotrack 01a mixed together and rather nice.
i think it is worth mentioning again that the hardware choices for this device are simply done and dusted. in order to get the device in our hands by january, it is simply not possible to redesign the device to include them. nextbit have made their hardware choices and that is what we have to live with for this first iteration of robin. in comparison to the n5x, you might not be getting the sensor hub and the great camera module, but you are getting: 1) dual facing front firing speakers with separate amps; 2) an additional 1gb of ram; 3) an additional 16gb of internal storage; 4) a design that is fresh and stands out; 5) a relatively stock android build with additional built-in cloud services; and 6) a cheaper price at base. if truth be told, i'm happier than ever to back this horse in the race in the mid-tier phone derby.
@noorulabdeen lol.
@nextbit  i don't know if you've answered this yet, but what is the likelihood of shipping with android m?
@nextbit could we just get the 129gb of space even without reaching the 2nd stretch goal, like we've already reached 1.3 million!! that should mean something ;)
thank you so much!!!
@nico robin's dimensions are 149mm x 72mm x 7mm. and yes, we do have a 3d file for you to play with if you want: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b54bxqankpg3a0toalduau11szbuc0xpltjaz09vodbindrz/view
@nico it's smaller than the iphone 6s plus. if you're super curious, take the dimensions to any local phone store and ask them if they have any phones similar to the robin for a real life comparison. or, if you have a 3d printer, they gave the print file to see the dimensions for irl feel.
@adam a electric if that's chosen. midnight if it's not. @daniel your argument regarding the moto x2 is flawed because the tech on that phone is outdated and uses a lot more power consumption to run. nextbit is updated hardware/software, so battery life is optimized. also, nextbit made an executive decision on optimizing battery, at the cost of some features which might not be useful for all. i for one, don't need the tap to wake if the fingerprint sensor will do the job. some people might have a problem with that, as well as the implementation of the sensor hub. sorry, it it does. regardless, the phone still offers a lot and i'm excited to try out the device!
i just want to know how big this phone is. compared to other phones
is anyone like me having trouble choosing what color they want? haha
so in other words, a sensor hub is not even a possibility at this point? that's disappointing and certainly lowers my interest. i assume double tap to wake is left out for the same reasoning. what about turning on the phone using the finger print sensor without having to press the button, also a battery concern? regarding the comment made about the moto x2. that phone had the same size screen as the robin but a smaller battery by 400mah (2300mah) so obviously battery life wasn't gonna be great.
@adam a.  thanks!!  :)
@fat benjamin adreno 418
i've asked before but @nextbit what is the graphics processor for the robin?
@nextbit with all the negative reaction comments here after the 5x was shown off, i just wanted to voice my opinion that seeing the 5x made me super happy about my decision to back the robin.
i would have to agree with @peter.  as much as i love some of my moto x features, its not as important to me as having a longer lasting battery.  that was the biggest problem with the moto x2.  terrible battery life.
@all it's a choice we had to make around the sensor hub. we haven't included it in this version. but because we haven't included it, we're not turning on features that would drain the battery without the sensor hub. thanks for your suggestions! we're always listening for important things you guys want to see in future iterations.
@nextbit sorry to say i must jump ship. i need a phone that i know will have the latest updates for the next 2-3 years. my nexus 4 is nearly 3 years old and it's running the latest android. since you won't release your source code i don't have confidence you can keep up with updates. i'll check back in with you in 2-3 years to see if you've kept robin up-to-date.
@dalien thats what i thought too but from what it sounds like, the sensor hub uses more battery than not having it and that marshmallow will merely reduces the extra power consumption. not having a sensor hub increases overall battery life. if thats how it works, i say skip it. we have a notification led, the extra functionality is questionable, and changing hardware this late in the process might screw things up.
@nextbit is it not possible to implement the sensor hub, but allow users to turn if off if they want?  i would gladly sacrifice a little battery life for that kind of functionality. they are also features that will help you market the phone. many potential nexus buyers will look at the robin, and if they see that it doesn't provide this, they'll stick to nexus or motorola. while i'm willing to stick around and see if it or something similar is included, it may turn out to be a deal breaker for me personally, given that i have enjoyed the 1st gen moto x for a while. can we all please support the inclusion of a sensor hub?
@nextbit from what google has lead to believe the implementation of a sensor hub will cut down the battery life consumption
@rhiney macaechern  thank you, so much!  i feel half-way normal once again.;) you "nutjob!"
@daniel i a moto x user also and these features will be surely missed if not implemented into the robin in some aspect. i am heavily considering buying the nexus 5x solely for those functionalities!
@creator colors are great and all, but my main focus is on the battery life and the camera. since you say no decisions are final, and you have a couple builds left before your final release build, are there any plans to add to the camera as it currently stands? larger pixels? ois?
in the last two weeks i've purchased moto x play, op2, backed nextbit robin and preordered nexus 6p. jesus re reading this even i think i sound like a nutjob!!! anyhu the phone i'm most looking forward to is my robin.
the fact that i didn't flinch for changing my robin pledge, lol. comparatively, the robin offers a better deal overall than the 5x. i will purchase a 2nd smartphone tho. might be the nexus 6p, might be the blackberry priv.
@nexbit do you have plans for an accidental damage protection plan?
@daniel we haven't made any final decisions. sd 808 does allow you to implement a sensor hub environment but at the cost of battery life. a lot of our community has been focused on battery life, so we don't want to do anything to jeopardize that.
so what i gathered from today... nexus 5x looks to be a crappy deal in comparison to robin.  nexus 5p looks to actually be a pretty sweet deal in comparison to other similar spec devices and it looks better in the hand than it does in renders. if i was looking for a bigger phone i'd definitely grab one... but i'm not. i stay with robin. design + spec/price ratio makes it the best option, easily. i feel more comfortable after today than i did before all the unknown. electric (*hopes*) robin... you're mine.
@creator is the robin as big as the iphone 6 plus? the robin looks big in pictures
@nextbit, does the sd 808 not allow you to implement an android sensor hub? if not, does the robin at least support the option to sense movement and activate ambient display (a 5.0+ feature)? i am a moto x user and would really hate to loose the functionality that active notifications provides, especially when it has been said that robin doesn't support double tap to wake. i assume the robin doesn't support "always listening". while always listening is nice, its of much lower priority to me personally than ambient display / active notifications. these are features that in my opinion really make the experience of a phone great and are totally underrated. i would much rather have these features than the cloud features, which are nice, but less noticeable in everyday use.
@sameer venjara - exaclty! i've been refreshing all day :)
@casualt no, robin does not have a sensor hub.
hey guys! we’ve had a lot of exciting news in the smartphone industry over the past couple weeks. the nexus announcement is definitely cool for a lot developers. we’re hoping to do something different, for people like you guys who believe in a design-forward, cloud-first smartphone. we’re so glad to have you all as part of our amazing community. some stuff to look forward to... of course, you are all busy voting on the community color. the ringtone contest is also already underway! we also want to keep you all involved. we’re working on getting a forum up for you all. we want to meet up with you guys in-person too! big android bbq is happening in texas oct 22-23, so we hope to see some of you there. we’re also looking to have more meetups soon :)
does the robin have android sensor hub like in the nexus 5x? thats the nexus 5x best feature.
thx hl.
@evan gsm version (for at&t and tmobile networks in the us; best choice for all international backers including canada) gsm 850/900/1800/1900 hspa 850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100 lte bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28 cdma version (for sprint and verizon networks in the us) cdma 800/1900 gsm 850/900/1800/1900 hspa 1700/1800/1900/2100 lte bands 1/2/3/4/7/13/20/25/26/41
can't wait to get this! got the last verizon backer slot, until another one opens up!!
anyone know if the robin is going to have lte cat 6?
are you guys literally refreshing the page to see people back out?
@simon lee, me too, i think i got the last one!
woohoo! just got an early backer slow (non-verizon), now it's time to wait, patiently!
yay, just got an early backer slot. looks like someone changed their mind now the nexus phones have be announced :)
@ian thanks for the information and yes i hope they have fi by the time the robin is released.
@rik done and dusted mate ;-) i should stop being a sour ass about the contest.
if the 5x had 3gb of ram would've got that instead
@robert nowak the camera does look promising! http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/29/9417599/nexus-5x-6p-camera-photos-images still think robin holds up well against 5x as a daily driver, and in the uk you can get an s6 or s6 edge for the price of the 6p. personally can't wait to continue the conversation with nextbit to refine their cloud solution while enjoying the great hardware design.
thanks hl. we like the royale so if you could do that :)
@ creator ddr3 is drastically different than lpddr3 so which is it? ddr3 or lpddr3? thanking you in advance
mkbhd said if the 6p's camera and battery life are what he hopes for, this might be the phone for him.
@rik i can vote for you as i've given up voting myself. i will feel nauseated whenever i plug in the mint colour cable into any one of the magnificent six.
it looks as if the nexuses will have killer cameras for once (dxomark review of 6p - 5x has same camera): http://www.dxomark.com/mobiles/google-nexus-6p-review-serious-contender-for-mobile-photography i pre-ordered the 6p but keeping my nb pledge too.  now thinking of going with the special ks backer color for its exclusivity.
might get some more backers from those disappointed in the nexus 5x for everyone hoping to hit the final stretch goal. fingers crossed.  i would love to have that 1 extra gb just to say its more than the iphone.
@rik use a different pc/wifi network!
@tyler gratz!
@angelo brown  good stuff man!   in other news hope by the time they release it will work with project-fi.
@nextbit : could you answer how we can vote twice for the color? me and my wife both have an early bird, we'd like to cast 2 votes.
@whitecat thanks for "check4change" plugin suggestion.  snagged an early bird. even without the better price i'm still more excited about the robin than the nexus.  the nexus phones feel a little flat compared to the previous releases.
will we see a last minute rush? we need ~$4.5k / hr for the next 41 hours...
but worth every second of the wait for the robin
excited for the robin, but the 5x is available by end of october. going to be hard waiting another 4 months :(
i did it!  i'm one of the chosen and i'm so happy. yeah!
@angelo: i did this a couple nights ago. i literally sat there refreshing every 10 seconds. when it popped up, i already had my credit card number in my clipboard to sign up faster.
cdma early backer spot opened.
congratulations @a. joseph, but it's salt in my wound.
i think the original nexus 6 ends up being more attractive since you can find them between $300-350.  phone is just way to big for me, so i am also sticking with the robin
i was definitely interested by the 5x going into the event today, but now that it has officially been revealed, definitely sticking with the robin. the 6p is obviously greater and tempting, but the for the price they are asking in cdn, yah, i'll stay with my early adopter price.
i was actually expecting a bigger hit here than we have so far, didnt even drop below 130k, although 5x is crap, 6p i really like but spendy, 200 more for upgrade to 810 processor and probably better camera, and google support.
4 now :)
there are currently 3 verizon early birds open :)
just snagged an eb $299!  thanx!
all my life i've tried to be somebody and i can here and i missed out on the early adopter phones and got in on the $349.  that's not good enough.  now people are on foxfire taking only opportunity i have to experience just a little joy.  can't i have anything for myself?  the early adopter slot for $299 is all i want, as tears run down my face.
in india the pricing is crazy for nexus 5x and 6p.. go to google play store search for chromecast at the end of chromecast page it shows pricing of nexus 5x as rs 31900 and 6p as rs 39900
has everyone plugged this on social media? i want my extra 29 gigs!
@david: nextbit has already responded to questions about project fi in the interview i posted earlier today. it's definitely a consideration, though not in their immediate plans. but then again, with this group, i get the idea plans can change. they still have 3 builds with foxconn before the final release.
@lars google must be crazy. import taxes as justification is not credible. other vendors don't have such different prices. after all in europe the decision between nexus or robin is extremely simple. thanks, google.
@andrew finkenbinder, i thought you were going to say, "i'll give the nexus 5x to my girlfriend as soon as i get one (a girlfriend)".
@andy cheng, congrats!  :)  @whitecat, cool! i'm sure that's going to be helpful to some in the next 43 hours :d
anyone looking to get an early bird special use "check4change" extension to firefox and set it to 30 seconds.  you get a notice when a change occurs on the page. so you can then be quick to get the early bird special.
i bought a nexus 5x, but i'm definitely keeping my early bird robin spot.  it's such a cooler phone!  i'll give the nexus 5x to my girlfriend once i get my robin.
i have set a watch on the site to tell me when someone leaves early bird!
now is a great time to get the act quick deal people are changing to nexus 5 so much. but nexus 5 is crapy phone. worse specs than robin, and costs $80 more.
some early bird just left for nexus 5x - quick
fwiw- i won't even a consider a phone over 5.2" so n6p does not dazzle. the n5x on the other hand is compelling.  clearly robin seems to have an advantage over n5x for me in pricing (barely if you factor in the google play credit, well done google), cloud functionality and ram with everything else seemingly on par, at least for me. what does the robin lack?: that protection plan looks pretty solid. even if there's a fee on top, that's the tipping point for me to not use a case. even if the n5x beefed up the spec sheet beyond the robin, i can't have a conversation with n5x creators. nextbit on the other hand...keep talking/listening to us.
@nextbit i'm not sure if this has been asked before but would you guys engage talks with google to possibly bring the nexbit robin to project fi compatibility. i believe that the robin should be one the android devices other than their nexus line up that's should have project fi since the foundation of nextbit are essentially from that google tree branch. ps: @nextbit if that ends up happening in the future you can send my broker fee in the mail. lol.
just a quick question. google talked up their battery improvement in marshmellow in terms of their special subprocessor chip. is that special hardware or will the robin be able to take advantage of that tech as well?
@kavya thanks!
@jürgen k unfortunately no. europe gets different prices because of different regulations by the eu and whatnot. and because of f*ck europe..  read more about it here: http://www.androidauthority.com/nexus-6p-nexus-5x-pricing-645216/
finally got the early adopter special after missing an open spot 3 times lol
robin is top choice for 2016, no contest.  i predict a opo like phenomenon after launch.  hope nextbit can keep up with demand.  bring it on!  git'r'dun!
that was a strong showing by google. true the nexus 5x dies not fully beat the robin except probably on camera. that nexus 6p looks amazing but lacks the productivity abilities the note line has. the size requires it to have those features found in the note series imo. i'm sucking with my early adopter spot though. i like the smaller form factor along with the added capabilities of power conservation from marshmallow.
"yes, in the survey you’ll be able to make changes post-kickstarter." from @creator
i believe you can. i remember this being answered a few days ago.
can i get a gsm phone even though i am on the verizon $299 reward? might be changing to t-mobile but won't know for sure until next week
@kavya agree with you. the new nexus is underwhelming...:(  glad i have backed robin.
@lars i think you made a mistake with the prices for the nexus 5x. the euro prices are likely to correspond to the amounts in usd, i.e. 379 and 429 €.
@nextbit we don't have a lot of questions, but just a lot of disapointment regarding the 6 choices made by your team in compare to what was proposed by the community, and even more comparing with the great designs that you made before: mint and midnight that are awesome. just can't get how you could get it all wrong 6 times.
aaaaaaaaaand gone!!
1 early adopter spot up for grabs!
now that the nexus hype is over.. let the inflow of backers start :)
@casualt it will be ddr3. @all we know you have a lot of questions about colors! the blue on electric is not the same as the mint on mint.
interesting move to remove the wireless charging. i like that on my current nexus 5 and was going to be a tie-breaker between robin if all other specs are close. guess i don't have to worry about that. robin is the winner here! can't believe companies are still putting out 16gb phones. with the ever increasing hunger for higher megapixels and higher quality videos, 16gb with no expansion is unfeasible, imo.
robin doesn't have ois sadly. and it has a standard sized camera (not the larger pixels like google hyped up). the most important thing in quality though on the phone is processing (where apple dominates) so it'll be interesting to see how the robin stacks up. my guess is that the camera will be solid but unspectacular in that regard.
for some reason the nexus 5x fails to impress. or maybe it's just me!
the nexus 5x doesn’t have a microsd card, wireless battery charging or optical image stabilization for either camera. definitely staying with the robin. i"m hoping they have image stabilization for my old shaky hands.
@nextbit you are quiet today. probably busy,  as usual.   build robin.   git'r'dun!
i'm 100% robin and i believe in their view of this being the next step for smartphones and i'm all in.
how did you guys feel about google protect? think it is just a cash grab like most insurance? if the claim system is as easy as they seemed to let on and can actually ship next business day, might be a viable option.  i like the idea that i wouldnt need to put a case or screen protector on
i read in the comments that people who are on the verizon flash sale can still ask for the gsm version. is this true?
btw, as predicted, it seems we're seeing some drops in the pledges.
@chris frank i'm really tempted to sell my opo and my iphone 5s for the nexus 6p 64gb. for a filler until my robin comes!
ugh my note 2 is getting annoying and i could use a fill in until robin, but 499 is getting up there
@abe you can't help it, mate. it's absolutely rubbish that europeans get skewed like that. it doesn't affect me though, i'm sticking with my robin pledge!
@lars "murica! jkjk, sorry...?
@chris frank yep, the 32gb model is $499.
@abe bear in mind that that is the american price, the european price is a whopping 650 euros for the base model, which converts to 729 dollars!
@abe agreed, did they say there was a 32gb version too? i missed the pricing.  getting pricey but im digging the 6p.  5x is crap compared to robin.  google protect was interesting too. could rock the phone with no case or screen protector
@abe, my thoughts too. will probably pick one up until robin arrives. robin so far besting the 5x in all the areas we noted in our previous post but the 5x camera looks pretty good based on google's 'propaganda' as presented. will be interesting to see how it performs when some independent reviewers get a hold of the device.
the nexus 6p is looking to be pretty amazing. 64gb for $549?
the best feature that i liked about the nexus event was marshmallow....so yeah robin has that.
apparently the new nexus 5x will cost 479 euro for the 16gb base model for us europeans. a higher price for an inferior product? no thanks!
great recent interview with the nextbit gang: http://www.androidcentral.com/three-huge-takeaways-our-nextbit-interview
@yaojin tham hello my fellow singaporean backer (and my secondary school classmate i believe? what a small world, haha). i recall reading somewhere that there will be 4 wall plugs to choose from, but cannot confirm if one of them will be meant for singapore. as for the shipping date, i believe that nextbit mentioned during one of the interviews that they will be looking to ship in january for all backers and not just the early adopters.
1 verizon is open
cdma early spot open.
@casualt good question, i'd like to know as well!
@nextbit also concerning the colours, sorry :)  is there any chance you got ral or pantone values for mint/midnight and the community designs? for me it's quite difficult to estimate the colour on a screen. (not even calibrated)...
what type of ram is our 3gb lpddr3 or lpddr4???
@andrew. just wait. you'll know the specs for the 5x in a few hours. the leaks are out and most likely true (they are seldom wrong).
@nextbit i have a question about the kickstarter eclusive colorway. the 6 pictures seemed to be very low-res renditions. is there higher resolution renditions, for me to better compare the colorways to the standard robin colors?
agree @thomas.  if 32gb n5x is decently priced, i might just get it so i don't have to continue to use my oneplus until i get my robin.  i can sell one later.
i'm really torn on the n5x and my nb robin backing. early at $299. base 16gb n5x rumored at $379... someone advise! thanks peeps!
@nextbit, can i confirm that there will be an electric plug meant for singapore for the quick charger? also, why are some people pointing to a january ship date. has that changed from february?
for me, i'd rather back nb robin because you can always jump on the n5x bandwagon later whereas with nb, this is your chance to get something fresh at a great price...if it doesn't work out for you, you'll be able to get your money back out of it...for me though, i'm all in!
@joel york great minds ;). i still need to know which blue they ended up using. it kind of looks like mint but an arctic twist to it.
@joel nicely said, that's exactly how i see the nexus 5x and the robin.
@abe, i voted for electric and if selected, i'll probably go with that. as you stated earlier, the exclusivity colourway for ks backers is just too good to pass up. if it is not selected, i'll likely go for midnight.
@joel york perfectly stated. the only place where i feel nexus could beat out robin is in the camera and battery optimization. we're just going to have to see how robin fares, after the nexus 5x launch. btw, which color are you opting for?
@andrew finkenbinder, we'll find out soon enough but if the spec leaks are true, you are dead on saying this could be a coup for robin. the only advantage i'm seeing for the new nexus 5 is likely the camera and the fact that new versions of android will get pushed out quicker. everything else, the robin matches or even surpasses. (1gb extra ram, more on-board storage at base price, a more forward-thinking design, the cloud based rom etc.). we'll find out soon enough but if the above is the case and if so, robin should start a flash campaign to educate those interested in the new n5. we might even make the next stretch goal.
i'll be waiting for the nexus announcements to become official today before making my final decision, but keep an eye out on the early bird verizon spots...
sprint users rejoice! there were far more robin true believers using sprint than we knew about. after last week’s announcement, so many people spoke up asking for sprint support. we listened. as of today, what used to be the verizon version will now support sprint too, so we’re renaming it the cdma version.
i have requested confirmation from the creators but this seems pretty conclusive: "as of today, what used to be the verizon version will now support sprint too, so we’re renaming it the cdma version."
@robert hahaha, definitely. i was just thinking out loud.
@abe - that's a question for the creators.  it was mentioned quite a while ago, and i am not entirely sure.  i thought they said it would not be supported.
if the nexus 5x really only has 2gb of ram and 16gb of rom at the base price (rumored to be $379), that's a serious coup for the robin.
@chaoleo yep!
the "verizon" model is the cdma that also works with sprint, right?
@robert does not support ever? or currently? and i'm not sure how much that impacts camera quality, but from my understanding, that software processing is pretty standard, no?
verizon model in stock now..
@abe - pretty sure creators said nb does not support camera 2.  rumors are that the new nexuses (nexi) will have camera 3.  obviously this isn't confirmed yet.  again, rumors i've read.  we will know soon enough though.
did we ever confirm if the camera and software will support camera 2 api? @robert, are you saying the google camera will support camera 3 api? does that exist?
looks like an early adopter got out for the next nexus. guess today was my lucky day!
@midnight version with the blue version of this watch (scroll down quite a bit) would rock so much: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nezumistudios/nezumi-voiture-a-true-classic-racing-chronograph… :-) a shame that the new button is mint on the midnight (not really keen on that anyway). orange would have been great :-d
@ian - i think nb is a bit more compelling overall than the n5x, but if the rumors are true, the n5x will have superior camera specs (2.0 aperture, larger pixels, camera3 support).  not saying it's all about specs, but i am still dubious of how good this camera can be with the limited hardware.
@abe - really wish there was a choice for a white or black (top/bottom/front).  i think people may be disappointed with viewing the screen and videos adjacent to such "popping" colors.  this is the reason i am still a little sketchy on the mint.  the midnight is a much safer option for enjoying using the phone when it's actually on and not just off sitting on the table.
@abe i know what you mean, i was in doubt a bit at first too, the chance to have something this unique is just awesome. but then again, it'll be my daily driver for the next 2 years (minimum) so i'd rather look at something pretty every day than at something unique, which is why i'm going for the midnight. my 2 cents :)
some specs on the nexus 5x: "the nexus 5x has a 5.2-inch full hd display (1920 x 1080 resolution at 424ppi), “top-line performance, and an all-day battery in a compact, lightweight device that’s ready to take on the day with you,” the presentation says. other specs include a qualcomm snapdragon 808 processor, 2gb of lpddr3 ram, 16/32gb of storage, 12.3-megapixel camera, 5-megapixel front-facing camera, 2,700 mah battery and android 6.0 marshmallow. the phone also features a fingerprint sensor on the back, a micro usb type-c connector, and dual front speakers." on paper, i would say robin competes if not beats nexus 5x. my early adopter slot stays put.
midnight looks too nice to give up, but the electric would be a sweet kickstarter exclusive. i'm torn.
today is d-day. nexus day. maybe early adopter spots will open up.
@lars i was about to go for midnight..now liked electric...waiting for the result..
i'll stick with midnight as expected, and that's no knock on nextbit, i just like the midnight that much!
@robert you said the point...all of us are loving robin..not its colour...nextbit gave us another option..we just need to think like that...!!
@jordan could you please share those links..??
@robert may be you are right..they might have tried to make the people engaged throughout the campaign..but, i believe they are smart enough to think the after effects of such a bad campaign.. they are also a team of the present generation. so, they knew what we were expecting..something will be there..god knows..may be a big surprise towards the end of the campaign..lets see...:)
@jordan - well, you see every color there, so they could have made one rainbow colorway and called it a day.  i respect your opinion but simply don't agree with it at all.  i don't see the trends represented very well.  there are two strong choices from the original campaign to choose from, so most will still be happy.
@robert when i scroll down pinterest i see black (electric) i see blue (there are 2 blue models) i see yellow (there is papaya) i see grey (2 grey models) and i see red which is the only popular colour trend not represented. the pink hue was also popular but i don't know why it was used on both coral and fresh - i think fresh is the only confusing selection. electric combo was a clear favourite which comes up numerous times with only slight variations. the mint/midnight combo was popular, i agree, but that's not a new trend because the colours already exist within the original line-up. you mention ornella's teal, but go ahead and see how often the colour comes up compared to other blues. this was always a colour thing more than a specific combo thing.  nextbit had creative license to build from the trends they were seeing and make the hues feasible for production. the trends are there whether you see them or not and despite the vocal few i imagine the majority being happy selecting a new colour...let's all move on, just pick your favourite one at the end be it original or new, nobody is losing.
arrgh, grammatical error.  and no way to edit!  phone companies.  there.
@krishnaununni - that is the question.  i don't know.  i think it was just kind of bungled.  a misstep.  the contest was for fun and goodwill.  a way to connect with the community, but seems to have had the opposite effect for many.  it happens.  nb is a new company.  perhaps the ringtone contest will go a little better.  but seriously, after oneplus's many botched contests and now this, i think phone company's should maybe just not do contests.
i must also, unfortunately, say that i am disappointed in the contest and the selected color options. not what i expected, in a bad way.
@robert with all the respect, may i ask you one question.. what will they get from doing this..?? ultimately every company is benefited when their customers are satisfied. not when they get self satisfaction. so, i don't think they did this just for fun. we all know that this team is very innovative and creative. they actually wanted to know the pulse of the backers and need ideas from us..only for that reason, they put forward this contest..anyway, i don't know why they came up with those colors in the end..its still an unanswered question..i don't think this is a decision by the whole team..they could have done a survey among the team members itself to get the best out of it..or may be they haven't gone through all the entries..anyway i hope they will come up with a satisfying answer or a solution soon..!!
after we have been talking quite some about the colors, let me ask something else ;)  @nextbit @androidpros after figuring out how to gain root access, will the xposed module work with the robin os?
@jordan - respectively disagree. i think the problem is they didn't select based on the trends. nor did they choose popular combos that were talked about or liked on pinterest (ornella's teal for instance).  there were many mint and midnight renditions. where is that? the truth is they picked what they wanted not what we wanted. that is fine, but they should just be more honest about their reasoning and motivation. don't call it a community contest at all. it's a nextbit contest now.  choose the color nextbit made, not all the great ones you fell in love with. not trying to sound negative, but this is the reality.
i hope electric will be the winner..out of the new 6, i personally liked only that..still some tuning needs to be done i guess..anyway, hope @nextbit will come up with a fine-tuned product..and hope they will give a clear picture of the new color...!!
@jordan i completely agree with you mate..but, the problem is that i believe there were a lot of people who were waiting for the community color to be announced..i don't think their expectations were met. so, they might take back their pledge and leave for some other alternative options..it could have been avoided if they came up with some stunning options.. i know there are people like me eagerly waiting for our robin irrespective of the color. we have faith in them and will never change our decision whatsoever...!!
not sure what all the fuss is about with the colours. these are optional. some people obviously like them and there were clear trends going on which people seem to gravitate towards... so no, the odd/quirky ones which didn't see any other follow up designs from others were not chosen because they're not part of a trend. nextbit explained they would come up with their own versions, inspired by the community trends. they did exactly what they said they would do so there should be no confusion here - you can't expect the ones that you specifically liked to show up. and let's be honest... most of the "different / fresh" combos people were coming up with were hideous and would satisfy very, very few people in reality. you were happy with the original colour choices, if you don't like the new ones then don't worry about it and stick with the originals. i don't agree with all the combinations they've chosen but that's ok, it's not an issue. don't demand a reselection, don't demand anything that requires more work on their behalf. it's cool that they even did this for us to begin with. electric works for me.
how to request for robin, if a backer has fallen in love with it and wants have it now? :|
aaaaaa.... ok  tnx @yvonne :)
@andreja mrak nextbit mentioned that they will only accept your first vote if multiple vote is made.
@nextbit have you had any discussions with cyanogen about integrating the cloud into their os? i heard that was something your team was considering.
multiple votes possible??! :o
hi guys, i'm from canada, specifically gta, my phone plan is with mobilicity so i was wondering if the sim card works with robin?  any confirmation would be great, thanks :)
@nextbit the community colour choice was a great idea, not sure it's played out too well. there were a handful of really incredible colour choices, it's a real pity that you've chosen some slightly underwhelming choices. doesn't and never would have affected my decision though, it was always going to be mint!
@nextbit or anyone just a simple question: how much of the local 32gb is actually usable? sorry if it has been asked before.
@nextbit @ornella o.0 wow the selection of ornella is alot better! (sorry nexbit :)) altough i stll miss darb brown and dark red. but at least there is something to choose there :-d
@hl same for me !
@nextbit  if you had put forward any of the community colourways for the original campaign instead of the beautiful and obsessive midnight/mint ones, i wouldn't have pledged. the idea was fun but sorry, giving up my vote and forgetting it ever happened. i know you have this munsell obsession but think you have to get out more literally and look at the colours under different light conditions.
@robinaires i guess for me, i also see little correlation between the renditions presented during contest and those presented for voting.  but, i also, know it's based on one's perception and one's own tastes as well.  it does allow for backers to get a unique and to be retired colorway, if they so choose.  that in and of itself is a fresh and unique business approach.
@martin. fair enough, though i would argue that the spirit of the contest was community based suggestions that nextbit might tinker with a bit if the color palate doesn't work irl. there seems to be relatively little correlation to the community choices and the designs they came out with. given its a ks exclusive, it doesn't seem as though there will be a lot of takers for the colors presented here. i'm going to stick with the midnight as things stand.
@dennis they have stated that they would not pick individual entries but rather create 5 inspired by the community. they have also stated that for example gradients are problematic. they really just did what they said they would do.  i don't see the confusion here.
@nexbit  imo, you really went astray in the renditions you presented following the colorway contest, that since appears it was almost all for not.  many better renditions were presented.  was it cost perhaps or an underlying philosophy or what?? it is unsettling after beginning and pursuing an apparent business style to listen to the community.  what pray tell am i missing?
i am going to stick with midnight too :( ...royale is too similar to midnight...the other two are just different blues (with i think midnight's blue is better, and the best shades of blue imo, arctic glacier, was not chosen). and for the "feminine colours" there are some better entries too...e.g. candy corn and cantaloupe.
@rik haha true. @nextbit about the ringtone, i guess no original entries only remixes of the stems?
@martin rutkowski. no water, only salt :) . i like electric and royale, checking with my wife which one she's going to vote for.
jumping on the ringtone contest! how fun :d. also, wow the comments are saltier than the running water on mars this morning.
@nextbit with so many unhappy rebels please consider re-selecting  the colorways. majority of us wanted to see midnight mint as a color option but that is not even on the list alteast from what i see in the images. please keep mint as primary and build a combination. we still have ample time before funding begins to re vote. hope to see a new update in morning. good night all.
@peter i posted it now because i felt the same. i am disappointed not because my ideas are not selected, i found it way better than the selected ones..not only mine..there are many other better ones too..
looking at the pics again, there are sadly, many more options that were better than the ones presented here. retro gamer was cool, if not a bit on the nose as a reference. i thought the blueberry and dark lavender were really good and much more in tune with the original concept.
@nextbit how are you eliminating duplicates? i've got 2 early adaptors, how can i vote twice? use 2 pc's?
thanks to the person who let go of the $299 package! thank u!
@creator, @all https://fr.pinterest.com/havel0ck/robin/ these are the most "voted" color combinations for robin. can we vote for these ones instead ? pleaaaaaaaase nextbit :)
@nextbit, @all https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0bza2ubrgbi-bm1zyqvfwthvrwja hope you guys have seen these..:(
https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0bza2ubrgbi-bv1p1bdntwmqxtue
@nextbit expected little more from the contest. thought you would go less fancy as more backers prefer standard colours. to be frank, expected you to pick at least one of mine..:( i liked electric but i think now i will stick on the original colours.
can anyone post that pinterest link..? or for that retro gamer link..?
the write in campaign for the "retro gamer" let's make it happen!
why dont have midnight x mint?
i'm not convinced by any of the 6 :(. i think i'll stick with the mint one.  too bad they didn't select the 5 most liked combinations on pinterest. it was like a pre vote by the community
sorry for spam, initial comments weren't registering
second tom rupp's comments. felt that the community colours were a mish mash of badly coordinated combinations. tries too hard to be "fun" but didn't achieve the consistent clean tones that the 2 original colours had. guess i'll be sticking with the original as well, too bad i had high hopes for the community colours.
2nd tom rupp's sentiments. feel that the community colours are a mish mash of badly coordinated tones. i would have loved to see the batman sidekick or retro gamer to make it really pop without being overly gaudy. i'm considering to just keeping to the original choices.
did anyone know if the robin will be able to run other oses other than android?
what a shame the colors are too exclusive not to get but the mint kicks their ass....guess no voting for me, sticking to mint :)
@vincent i like the fresh ok, but i couldn't see myself carrying it every day.
@trevor it's a nano sim.
looks like coral, fresh, and papaya are not favorites, sadly. it seems as if royale and electric are just another midnight and mint, there's nothing really special about them, but everyone else seems to like them most. what a shame.
not sure if i missed it but will the robin use nano sim or micro sim?
the original colors are far better than any of the new choices! the new colors just look comical and totally take away from the "badassery" of the phone. nextbit, please come up with better choices by your own design team. cardinal red for the top/bottom bands and the buttons on the side, nice matte dark gray/black body, electric blue for the cloud lighting on the back. or just total black with electric blue lighting and buttons. something serious, please!
non of the community color impressed me...sorry...but both the nextbit colors are awsome!!!
well tbh i have att and if i were to buy a newer high end device my monthly bill would go up about 15 dollars or more plus a 2 year contract,  so even though i would get the new device discounted at the moment of purchase,  at the end of the two years,  adding up the hike in price of my line i would be paying the retail price of the phone.  so in my case buying this phone comes out much more affordable especially with everything it is offering. @rogerm some food for thought if your going the att route
royal is better!
@benjamin chambers@shane mobbs , yea you got a point there,  i'd be locked at $45/m what i been paying so no difference there, best buy is already offering a free tablet to get the new one with at&t. i have a day to research it more... thank's  bedtime for me..
@benjamin those are some great points for @rogerm to consider. the current sammy flagships will probably be free soon on contract as well. their devices don't seem to stay full price for long.
@b0lt0adr there's a survey at the end of the campaign to add on accessories. @michael nextbit is working on a community forum. not sure when it's gonna be up though.
@rogerm getting the robin wouldn't lock you into a new contract while i'm guessing the samsung at that price would. if you are an early backer you'll have the robin  2+ mos before the s7 drops..  if you decide you don't like the robin then sign the new deal for the samsung. i say stay a "rebel"
agree with everyone.  the choices were not that great.  retro gamer was one of the best.  they stacked the deck.  considering their current market of backers is probably 70% male and i doubt 100% of the 30% female voters would vote.  imho i feel this would eliminate coral, ocean, fresh, & papaya.  royal is on the border for most male backers, but as a daily driver the clear winner is electric.  even the survey places the 2 stacked choices in the center so when you view it, you will subconsciously omit the top and bottom choices.  however, i'm totally for a tron phone.
nextbit,  i vote that you offer the case in the same color as the phone... midnight case to cover my midnight phone.  that's why i'm picking the phones original color.  thanks.
when will the cases be available for purchase? will there be a possible add-on for people to buy a case when the phones ship out?
voted for royale...  :)
@benjamin chambers,  oh ok, seen it there for awhile, just was wondering why so many verizon's are dropping out?  i'm trying to decide is it better than sammy's new one as i would have to pay the same price as i have been for there contract. and $250 for there phone, basically cheaper for the sammy.
@rogerm i'm still in i was just letting other board followers know there was a vzw slot open... jan can't get here sooner enough
@benjamin chambers, mind saying why you decided to drop out? i'm still debating as i can get a good deal on the new samsung coming out cheaper with 2 yr contract.  just curious.
great color choices, they all make the phone very unique from what is out there. papaya is so different, no phone out there has that color. very eye catching and original! go papaya!
vzw early open
very underwhelmed by the color choices, only 1 or 2 are even feasible for a device you use daily
@creator @nextbit do you have plans to host a forum on your website to continue this community after the kickstarter? it would be great to have a single place where fans could get together and talk about your device.
i think they should make the color ways we created cases for the phones. like retro gamer and the cloud one i like. now that would be cool and wise. i know i know whose going to want to "hide" the color of the actual phone. would be a good alternative though i feel a lot of people are upset at the voting options.
@nextbit just make a black one.. :-)
count me in with the group who doesn't care for the kickstarter color choices.
it would have been nice to see the mint  and midnight colors shown for reference in the same picture as the new colors we are voting on. is the gray back for fresh and coral the same gray as the mint back or darker?  they appear darker in the picture given in the update.  is the electric back the same shade of dark gray as midnight?
@abe, i agree. thought the retro gamer was awesome. of the choices i voted for electric. @nextbit: that's a pretty sweet ringtone.
i didn't care too much for the final choices but ended up voting electric. i kinda liked royale the most from a neutral perspective but the electric is the only one i would actual consider using and buying, especially if it was a deep black rather than the grayish one on the concept art.
electric all in  sho!
@abe - i know!!!  this feels a little like the illusion of choice.  the electric should win this fairly easily.
yesssss definitely coral!
electric for me
man, i reaaaaaally wanted retro gamer. the electric will be my choice if a kickstarter color us made. its the one i can see myself most as a daily driver..and the kickstarter colorway is too damn exclusive not to get. @nextbit, could you confirm if that mint blue the same as the mint or is it a different color?
i was expecting a mint midnight combination. i think i'll not vote and decide on mint or midnight then. as for the cases, will @nextbit be showing us the final colors to choose too? we're 2.5 days away from the survey. (if case is nice, i may go for the midnight robin. otherwise, i will go for mint with a simple clear casing… still deciding… )
coral works the best and i'm pretty sure would look the best in real life... not sure i'm confident enough to rock it though. i can appreciate it, just wouldn't look right next to my beard. fresh doesn't work quite so well which leaves me to choose electric as i can see myself using that on a daily basis. wish there was a more masculine grey design but nevermind - i'm very happy with an electric, or a mint.
ohh, electric is snazzy. if the backplate is basically black it'd be ideal.
royale. or the original mint if the back isn't white /:
@robert novak good suggestion.
@nextbit can we do a remix for each of the tones, or can we just pick one?
i would suggest (and you can all do what you want, but this is what i'm doing), if you have no desire to actually purchases one of these six, that you don't vote.  that way, only people who want one of these, will make the decision, and more people will actually get the one they want.  why choose for someone else if you will just get the mint or midnight anyway?  my thoughts. :-)
electric is my favorite of the 6, but i also like fresh. now to listen to some ringtones!
i went for electric in the end, quite close to the midnight mint varieties that i saw during the campaign. nice, subtle, with a pop of colour. i like it.
@all we're monitoring for people who vote multiple times! only your first vote counts.
we all have personal preferences. i agree there are some i would have preferred, but other people would have hated them. regardless there is at least one there that i really liked (royale), however i think i`ll be sticking with the original mint.
i haven't gotten the chance to download em yet, but the ringtone contest is a great idea!!! and the winner gets a free robin!
@adam yes it will be a kickstarter exclusive
i would go for the electric or royale. i'm personally feeling royale more, because it just seems to stand out more. the blue on the electric is too suttle, and the black-grey doesn't add enough contrast for either to truly stand out and entice the eye to me.
the typeform poll allowed me to vote more than once.  if it actually allows (and counts) more than one vote per ip address, i'll be very disappointed.  someone will stuff the ballot box and we won't get a true sense of broad community input.
wow.  gotta say, this is the first time the nextbit team has really disappointed.  they didn't really seem to go with any of the popular choices.  was really hoping to see the retro gamer make it (not just because i submitted it ;-), but i have to assume they avoided color combos that they didn't like but thought would win.  there were a lot of stronger choices.
i like royal too because of the way the cloud stands out and the contrast in buttons.
i really like the electric, if it wins will backers be able to choose this instead of the 2 original colors?
if i was a conspiracy theorist, i would say nextbit want us to vote for the electric, they told us (the community) to go crazy, to not be conservative with the designs and yet they choose 3 solid colors, another 2 that are basically the same, and there's the electric that is also fairly conservative with a dash of color, a color most people can live with. and there were some awesome designs. anyway i’m staying with midnight.
papaya. i can say no more at this time.
no entry makes me change my first choice, mint. some of these robins may be confused with candies. small children would try to eat them.
every time you click the link it let's you vote, is this flawed?  also i sure hope nothing but ocean or electric wins because the other are atrocious
one early bird spot is up for grasp !!!
is royale a dark purple or a dark blue? hard to tell for me...
i have to say that i am very happy that i like the mint color because all of the colors up for vote are blah. the fact that both "feminine" (pink?) colors have a grey back is also a huge bummer. would have gone for those if they were white backed maybe. you can also vote multiple times, don't know if that's a glitch or intentional. maybe each ip gets one vote?
if that very special sim tray is a metallic color like the teased photos of earlier that electric is going to be pretty sexy with it.
bluish color is mint and midnight i want redish color it is papaya
how do i buy two early kickstarter editions under same account?
can i get mine in the color @luna posted
@mike... i like papaya too...most of the others are too similar to the current 2 colors. this one should be really unique and different
i went with the royal, simply because i like the way the cloud stands out on that one.
i'm pulling for papaya.  i pledged partially based on the unique mint color.  one of the features of the robin is the unique styling.  the papaya color "feels" like it fits in the uniqueness family with mint.  the others are just various shades of blue.  there is always midnight if someone feels conservative.
@luna they where not picking out ones that we made. they took them all and made groups of each. what we are choosing from are color schemes inspired by our ideas.
i love papaya papaya is unique color
@nextbit wheres my submission :(  http://i.imgur.com/kwdrwtg.jpg a little disappointed with the final color schemes. i for one have never been a big fan of pink. i feel as though @nextbit should have been a bit more considerate and included another feminine / pastel color option the selection. so bummed . ladies... looks to me like we're outnumbered
i voted electric but will choose mint as my official color during survey.
@luna i agree :(
electric for me too!
theres 2 early adopter spots open
@angelo there were some amazing color designs from the community, but it looks like nextbit didn't want to consider them for whatever reason and like their sea metaphor a bit too much #seaofblue
@simon but those two don't even look that good to me.... it looks like they only chose good blue ones....
let me say, leave the color designs to the professionals.  those colors are absolutely horrendous thanks heaven's for the original midnight color.  all i can say is those 90's neon colors remind me of a bad spring break trip.
@vasilios, i agree..thats why i would vote for fresh or papaya..i went with fresh because its a unique color combo..closest to cantaloupe which i liked on pinterest
@nextbit http://i.imgur.com/kwdrwtg.jpg :,,,(
i thought i was going to get the kickstarter exclusive colorway...but the standard choices are better imo. but the closest one to a daily driver colorway was electric.
there are too many blue options....why can't there be a solid red.. (pink doesn't count)
royale or electric for me, agggrrrr - choices.....
electric!! but why can't we have more than 1 winner, so sad :( so many good choices
electric looks like an amazing colour style to have for a phone! definitely has my vote
electric!!
royale for me
it seems like you can just refresh the page and submit the survey multiple times, unless it simply overrides your vote if you vote a second time. although i really can't picture walking around with a pink phone, i voted for coral. it looks good without being excessive on the eyes, i have to admit!
for me, it came down to what we have vs. something new.  they are all great, but i think electric, ocean and royale are too close in resemblance to the two we already have.  that left papaya for me, however i'll be happy with whichever one ends up the choice, as i'm already satisfied with mint!
@tomoki you'll be able to add a case to your order on your backer survey, which you will receive after the kickstarter ends.
i think this is the best one just in the original mint color pattern. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/2744449750902639/
electric, royale or ocean all look great. like electric the best though.
i am torn between royale and electric. the choices!!!
mint is the best in my opinion..
i'm not convinced by any of the 6 :( mint and midnight are much better
btw...it was really hard for me to pick one..they all look good!
i'm hoping just one vote...otherwise i know some people will keep voting allllll dayyyyy :o)
@nexbit, how many times can we vote?
ocean!!
woo hoo! love fresh!
i have early adopter but i want case what to do?
royale it is!!!!
it's here! check out our latest update
@geoffrey @all we're very very very very close to releasing the voting!!!
early adopter slot open...
@nextbit please we are not all american, show us the colors before night time in europe :(
@meek thanks buddy! you too! :d
@all the difference between regular early adopter vs the verizon one seems to be that the verizon version does not come with a "very special sim tray", just a "special sim tray" if you check the campaign. so if you can grab an original early adopter spot, go for that one instead.
@night1505 awesome. i felt the same way. congtats.
just snagged an open verizon early adopter! i'm so excited i almost wet myself! i keep looking at it to make sure it's real!!
@vasilios haha, i was semi-kidding. :)
robin looks amazing and i can't wait to get my hands on it and the endless possibilities and support it what has made me a supporter and i can't wait to see what nextbit will do next!
@abe i love the robin, the nexus 5x would have to be way cheaper for me to consider it. although, those community colors have me way hopeful. not too much a fan of the "ice blue" as the color for the 5x
@vasilios no! robin's better than the nexus. don't listen to this person!
is there anyone planning on dropping their early bird based on nexus 5x specs/price? if so it would be sweet if you let me know :d
i too knew someone might drop..bt the problem i faced was poor network..many others are also waiting for it..but luckily got it..
@meek thanks buddy...:)
@krishnanunni g congrats!! was hoping some would drop last minute. glad it worked out for you.
@krishnanunni g congrats dude
@benjamin thank you buddy..:)
@ahmad, @abe rhank you guyzzz...i think no one were trying at that time...;)
hurrayyyyyyy... i got one tooo...thank you all...:) :) :)
so because robin is unlocked and supports gsm sim cards will it be compatible with cricket wireless (which is owned by at&t)
stay focused on the rewards section let the comments section be until you get that spot!
early adopter spot opened up
@abe i am here bro..may be my poor internet connection is what not helping me..:(
@krishnanunni g here's advice, if you want to snatch it up. it will require you to be somewhat glued to the kickstarter page. as soon as you see a dip in the backings, double check the pledges and manage the pledge to choose the early adopter option. it's gonna require you to be quick with your hands.
@meek congrats buddie..hope i will get one too..
@meek congrats
can't believe one just opened and i managed to snatch it up. early adopter!! awesome!
i got an early adopter spot a few days ago. just got to keep on refreshing/check randomly (i didn't do it obsessively). seems like 2-5ish open up randomly per day. i suspect a decent amount will open up tomorrow with the formal announcement of the nexus 5x and people wanting to get a phone now and from a more established company. i may even to for those reasons but if the leaks turn out to be true i'll just wait for my robin.
@all so stoked for my nextbit! keep up the great work guys! glad we have a community of support to keep this project going. looking forward to the day i get my hands on a robin!
@fiona thanks for the response
@abe simple indeed, thanks buddy
@abe missed that too...:(
honestly its all just luck at this point. i imagine some will drop for nexus if they are impaient. good luck.
@krishnanunni g apparently, you can select the verizon option and still change to gsm model. don't quote me on that. someone asked nextbit directly and got that answer.
that was quick. gone already. thanks kevin.
@kevin i understand..but i cant find any..
one verizon model is available now..
to catch an early adopter spot you can just refresh occasionally. when one is open it will show as an option to select again.
whoop early adopter spot opened up!  yay!
gooing to sleep... see you in the morning!
how can you tell when an early adopter spot opens?
@all let them take their time..anyway we have waited so long..let them come up with the best 5...:)
please share...can't wait...it's12:25 am in india.
@kevin you got an early adopter slot..?
@mugesh unfortunately i didnt got an early adopter slot..:(
@nextbit please hurry, it is getting night here!!!!
@nextbit all the best guys, weve been waiting impatiently all day and i guess now nothing left. sooo excited:)
i dont know how many indians are backing but i know i am one of them.
@nextbit good look
the moment you actually consider the new nexus 5x and an early adopter spot opens! makes the decision even easier to pick the robin!
@nextbit guys waiting like anything,,.  show us the colors �
@nextbit sweet!!! can't wait.
@all we know you're excited to vote on #robincolor and we're excited to show you!!! stay tuned, we're getting all the bits and pieces together.
lol..  yeah that's cool @rahul..  �
welcome to the indian robin club.. lolz.. if that's what we can all us indians once we get our robins...
@nanda once we got our robin in hand, we will be the only people who will possess the different smartphone in india
@shawn, simply put, the robin cloud is different from all cloud storages because all other types of cloud storage requires manual off-loading to the cloud to back-up the files/apps/photos/etc... then you have to delete the backed-up data to create space on your phone. the robin does all of the intuitively, as it learns your habits/patterns/and uses the robin's software to back-up and create space without you doing anything. simple, right?
i have an iphone.  1) the iphone cloud is not seamless   2) you get slot less data  3) it's not intelligent and figures out what you don't use and store it in the cloud 4) it's clumsy and slow and  entirely manual
@krishnanunni yeah man,,  there are many indian backers here and all of them are early adopters
hey guys, pardon my ignorance i have never owned  an iphone but how does the cloud for robin differ from the the i-cloud? thanks
yes it is..bt there should be some sure shots like this for every phone..otherwise it will be considered as an alien..;)
it feels like this device is different than all other devices in the market....
damn i sound like yoda.
@nanda 3.5" jack is almost a sure shot nowadays na..?
robin look so much better than the new nexus.  so glad i'm backing robin.
all of you are early adopters..?
lot of indians are there..happy to see that...:)
yep,,.  see the specs @nanda
does robin have 3.5mm headphone jack???
nexus 5x starts at $379...check out the tweet https://twitter.com/mkbhd/status/648523466396700673
tick tock, been a long month for everyone, 65hrs to go..  another few till we actually get the phone.. cant wait.
hope to see the community colors when i wake up tomorrow morning :)
@nextbit just wondering where will the antenna be placed?
@lars, i was doing it pretty much every 10 seconds for 2 hours (i was watching tv as well). i jumped on one, but didn't enter my credit card fast enough. you have to be pretty quick on the draw.
got my early adopter slot last night!
@luc ten hoorn,.  before 5pm pdt for sure
does anyone knwo at what time the community color will be announced?
the more i look at the mint the more i like it.  i thought i was totally going with midnight but the mint has seriously grown on me and now there will be a 3rd option how will i ever choose!!
oh yay. refreshed and saw an early adopter slot open. managed to snag it. awesome sauce.
i wished they can substitute the t-shirt stretch goal with the proposed short, "emergency" usb-c cable... even better if that's going to be usb 3.0 capable... :d imagine 1x usb 2.0 charging cable plus 1x short usb 3.0 "superfast data" one!
@josh vandecar nice! welcome to the club!
@lars same here
yes!!! snagged an early adopter slot!!
@lars me too!!
@matt coffell no, it will not be water resistant.
@matt coffell unfortunately no. they have noted for possible future iterations.
here i am refreshing this page every ten minutes, hoping there will be an update on the colour contest! i'm anxious to see what they've picked!
sorry if this has been asked - but does the phone have any water resistance put into it?
@jurgen k. thanks. don't know how i missed that, because i looked over there, before submitting my question. @rebels as per robin's faq page, the current provided cable will be usb type-c 2.0 from the start, and will have option for 3.0 cable after the kickstarter campaign (not sure when after, but after).
all qualcomm 800er processors provide usb 3.0 nextbit says in the faq it will also provide usb 3.0 with another cable. quickcharge 3.0 is only provided by newer processors like the 820.
@meek i like the 'coral reef' in the first batch of ideas best i love the way the colors work together.
i also believe i saw usb 3 somewhere but cannot confirm... i know op2 was usb2, but the zuk z1 is 3.0, so it is definitely possible with current chipsets, as you said the 808 can do usb3.
@abe ah, now we finally understand eachother, sorry for the confusion! i think i read somewhere it's 3.0 at launch! but i'm not entirely certain.
@lars no, they already confirmed quick charge 2.0. my question is is the usb type-c currently 2.0 (same data speed transfer as micro usb), with 3.0 in future? or is it 3.0, now?
your question is referring to the quickcharge i assume?
@lars @azeem ahmed, this is the confusion i was trying to avoid, hahaha. people think that quickcharge 2.0 is the same as usb type-c 2.0...no. usb type c 2.0 is the same as current micro usb data connection. i know qualcomm's 808 chip supports quick charge 2.0 and usb type-c 2.0/3.0. my question is, does the robin current support only 2.0, with optional 3.0 integration upon software implementation?
isn't 2.0 the standard usb type-c? like the one that the oneplus two has. it's the same speed as a micro usb, just another format. i think the robin has usb type-c 3.0 which allows faster data transfer and charging speeds.  i think what you're referring to @azeem is quickcharging 2.0 or 3.0. somebody please correct me if i'm wrong because with all the 2.0 and 3.0 it can get a little confusing...
@abe robin supports 2.0. 3.0 is going to be in the next gen processors like the 820 and 620
@rebels or @nextbit, whoever answers first: usb type-c. is it 2.0 or 3.0 (i am not talking about quick charge)? please lemme know. thanks!
@fiona styles thanks. also since one of my links had an extra "edit" on the end here's the correct address. https://drive.google.com/folder/d/0b42np-sdj6ipcudmuxjnmy1ad00/edit
the price is in usd (even for me, and i'm from europe) so your credit card company will have to convert it.
@nextbit have you guys tried out this puppy with google cardboard yet?
i think ahmad is right.  i'm in canada and it did the same thing usd which made me cry a little
@kuot thiik, i guess its in usd as i pledged from the uk and the price is still in dollars
does anyone know whether if i pledge for robin and i'm in australia whether it show aud or usd, and thus would convert?
@meek i like clear_sky
@krisnanunni g i made some more conservative ones. those were the ones i kinda just ran free with. beloe are my first two rounds of entries. not too crazy. mostly just pastels with a few vibrant ones thrown in there. my second round of entries.. https://drive.google.com/folder/d/0b42np-sdj6ipcudmuxjnmy1ad00/editedit and below is my first round https://drive.google.com/folder/d/0b42np-sdj6ipnk1zq1rvr0flt1e/edit
@meek i love coral_reef
actually in the beginning i though of some stunning designs..but later realized that when we think in a customer's point of view, most of us never chose a too fancy one. only a minor group of people will go for such models.. most buyers prefer an elegant and standard one. even i made a bunch of designs. but after making it, i thought of buying it..then realized that none were suiting my taste..actually what happened was i considered it as just a contest..when considering it as a dare contest, it was okay..eye catching colors and designs..but in reality, it was not gonna be successful or sold..so, i reworked and created designs which i would rather prefer to buy if it was available in the market.. this is just my own findings..sorry if i told something wrong...
@meek designs look great..but is it practically possible..?? or will they tend to become too fancy..?
hope they pick one of my latest designs.. https://drive.google.com/folder/d/0b42np-sdj6ipvfbqr0nmdtlewtq/edit any thoughts?
@thosewhowonderaboutthecamera: under risks and challenges in the campaign can we read: "but unfortunately, we can’t control for things that can’t be fixed with a software update, like a delayed part shipment, or camera tuning." in other words, there will unlikely be any test photos until close to the release of robin. the hardware is set and now they are trying to tune it to it's best.  if they released shots now these would not be like the results we will get in january. so we just wait and keep cheering!  dxo sounds promising and raw capabilities is awesome!  i'm still sitting here with my m7 which i love, except for the battery life (now, after 2 1/2 years) and it's camera. so robin is going to be a nice change!
yeah.. can't wait to see which designs they settled on.
@kua in a couple of hours most likely, it's night time now in the us.
@will they're doing some serious fine tune testing on the camera and confirmed that samples will be most likely available november december 2015. for me camrra, i also huge, and they're working with third party dxo to make sure the camera image processing is top notch. have faith :)
i can't wait for the community colours voting to start...any idea what time exactly will they be out?
to me the camera is one of the key factors to a smartphone nowadays. so can we see some test shots taken with the robin before oct. 1?
and also, if you find a better plan with another carrier you'll be able to switch as you wish. also, @nextbit 15cm for an emergency cable would be perfect for me! and as for the 4k camera... nice to have it included, but personally, will probably won't be using it as i don't have 4k equipment and neither does the family and friends. i'm just happy with robin the way it is, a great phone at a great price made by a company that care about its customers and a innovative os.
@rogerm 4k does not necessarily equal 4k! it is not really aa marketing trick either. all that 4k means is that the longer side has 4096 pixels (which is slightly larger than uhd). but that doesn't say anything about the actual sensor size, sensor quality, framerate, bitrate, bit depth, color space, output format or sound quality. all these make a big difference between different 4k cameras... or cameras in general!
@martin rutkowski, i wouldn't do the phone lease, i do pay $200-$250 for phone then the$45/m cell plan. so what do you mean??? i might be better off with phone fro verzion? have to check if no photo's or music??? might get robin either way could always sell it if need to but either way i better check plan's might even be cheaper for me in 2016 if i live that long, one never know's?
sure roger but with that lease you would still pay more than double for an iphone 6s in total :)
@martin rutkowski, the same i told rik in the usa you pay very little up to free to $200 for new phone;s with 2 yr contract's, it's the carriers plan you have to be careful of. so actually robin is not cheap if i can't get a good plan price by itself as they use to screw you on plans if you didn't get the plan with the phone, they offer you now monthly payments on phone now with no contract but you pay now full price of the phone $300- $700 depending on phone, so i best check what my plan will cost with robin here first quickly ...
@all i saw this cloudfirst eject button from twitter. sharing with you guys. https://twitter.com/scroyle/status/648329388082114560…
@rik brouwers,  rik,  yes & no, my s5 i got from b.b. here for $50, after rebates and sale. with a  $45/m usd  2 yr contract, that for me as a 60+ person unlimited call's & text with 1 gb data verizon. i better check to see if i can get same cheap plan (i think) if i get robin. i don't care for contract's either i just want a super great phone.and cheap plan.
@rogerm i think you are confused. robin does record 4k but don't expect the quality to be the same or better than the iphone. it sounds like money is of no concern for you witch is fine but don't compare two radically different products.
roger, we've got this type of contract in belgium also but you always end up paying a lot more for your phone as the contracts with them are terrible.  i don't want to be locked to a carrier for 2 years (although i am with my current carrier for 4y now :) ).
oh, i just want to add i can get the iphone for a few hundred buck 's threw at&t or t-mobile with a 2 yr contract, but if you think it's worth with there 4k camera phone i will go for it, also samsung's coming out with a new 4k phone. same type of deal maybe i better check quick if robin would be less phone for basically same or lesser amount, i alway's thought as a backer we get a hell of a price cut for investing in them. maybe not???
this is going to be a great phone. no, it's not a flagship killer. it's not your pocket dslr...it won't be a lot of things you see in other devices. this phone is the value proposition that many have been asking for: low cost + great performance. you're getting a phone that looks great, has tier 1.5 specs, and is backed by a company that cares in its customers. what more can anyone else want at the price we are paying for? my fellow rebels, i am so excited for this device. it's what nexus phones should have been. cheers to the nextbit team for making my dreams come true.
@thanks all for info,  i woke up 2 hrs early for work, 2 am vs 4:30 am. sorry i didn't know that  robin's, usb was going to be a propriety cable that's why usb-c threw me off on it. yes i guess i could of googled but i thought i knew all the usb's that were out there, i never considered iphones lightning cable a usb. i just thought there only was a normal,micro and mini as the only one's, so i need to add a new one to my collection, also i thought 4k was 4k i didn't think there could be lesser version's of 4k? that make's no sense. if your going to record at 4k how can you be less and still be called 4k? to me that is deceptive advertising for all company's! well this was a good camera 101 for me, thank's guy's but yes i got the fund's and i'm hanging in here. this is my 17th backed project here and 48th on indiegogo so i'm very willing to back new idea's and i just wan't to know for certain what i'm backing, so far all have came through! and waiting now to see the color's now! i'm in with everyone here!!! sorry for the long comment.
@kua... thumb up
my point exactly kua.
well said, kua :)
i think some of us need to manage our expectations a bit better. as rik mentioned, robin is half the price of an iphone 6s. would you go to a honda showroom, choose a car from there, and then expect it to perform as well as - if not better than - a beemer/merc? if the answer is yes, then we are obviously kidding ourselves here. don't get me wrong though; not saying that the robin is not as good as the iphone, but there would probably be areas which the robin excels in better than the iphone, and vice versa. at the end of the day, if what we look for - or want - in a phone is not something you feel the robin is able to provide you with, then maybe it would be better to go for one that better meets your needs/wants. if you feel, however, that you're ready to go on this hell of a ride, i say get on, buckle up, and just enjoy it till the end...whenever or wherever that may be :)
i can't wait to get my robin i'm so excited for the color choices exclusive to the kickstarter and i'm seriously tempted to buy two one for my hubby too!
@rogerm if you expect the camera to be as good as the iphone or better, i think you're looking in the wrong price range here. robin is half the price of a decent iphone 6s...
@nextbit - oh, if that's the case, yeah, sure. i typically really prefer long ones, like 6 feet, lol. but you know what, i'll try it out. maybe i might like it.
@nextbit sounds great!
@fedor @d’don and all @rebels the standard charging cable that’s in the box as about a meter long. we are talking about making a short one as an additional accessory. it would not be included in the box, nor would it replace the 1 meter cable. it would be in our store as something for you to purchase in addition to cases and such. @jeremy we will be using the aosp dialer and contact app. this is the version of the “google” apps available for non-nexus devices.
@abe i thought the short cable was an idea for an accessory that can be purchased and we would still get a regular cable (hopefully at least 3 feet) with a quick charger. can @creator confirm this?
creator i would request for usb c cable only.
@abe chung i agree. people are asking many questions which can easily be found through simple google searches or even by looking at this campaign's faq. the same questions are popping up a lot.
can everyone please relax? lol. usb type c is a type of reversible connector that can offer very fast data speeds. also, because it supports quick charge, it also has faster charging speeds. simple googling would have easily answered your issues. regarding 4k, apple has ois and spends buttloads of resources to make sure the iphone is for the mainstream users...meaning sexy camera taking phone that costs and arm and a leg to purchase. if you're looking for a 4k camera specific phone, maybe an xperia or iphone is for you. be prepared to spend big though. regarding the length. short cables make zero sense. i do not wish to hug a wall when charging my phone. i know everyone has their things about the robin that must be in there, but please be patient with them. it's a sunday night and they've been working hard to make sure they're getting everything up and running. give them a break and they'll get to all unanswered questions. also, let's ask questions specific to the robin, and not things that can be googled or looked up through a specsheet. thanks!
today's headlines / 4k? for what? iphone 6s camera helps ultra-high resolution matter to mainstream,        i hope robin is as good or better than iphone, as that's what i'm looking for if not might go to that.
@ all, thanks ! bedtime for me, color picks tomorrow right?
@all.  dose it handle data or is it charging only cable, i take it then?
i think that's right might need some one more technical to confirm but i think that's the basics of it.
@roger nextbit says they will provide us with a really short usb c type cable anywhere between 7-15cms..sort of an emergency cable that  u cn put in ur pocket as usb type c ports are not common yet.. and they wanted our opinion on this..
c-cable is the type of cable used to charge robin.  for example an iphone using a lighting cable it basically describes the type of connection plug that connects to the phone
@creator   you need to post more to keep everyone from backing out, show or say more on answering there question's! all that it will do i guess for them to keep them on board?  a full summery of it. not scattered all over.. what/s a usb-c for???
f*ck yeah i just snagged and early adopter!
@all/ i though you all were helpful here?????
early backer open
@rahul lakshmanan, whats it for??
@nextbit can you please offer a normal length cable that is bundled with most phones today.. 15cm seems too short of a length for a cable because here in india  the sockets are placed higher.. the normal cable i guess should be around  60cms long
@all i got to go to sleep now, what's a c-usb cable???? falling asleep ptegtty quick can't see to type well! help pleas,you european  guys!
@fedor duhrmann , morning i'm just going to bed now! @ajj what's a usb-c cable for??? never heard of it?
guys, i gotta release my $350 pledge, so if you read this quickly, might wanna change your pledge :)
will robin use the google dialer and contacts since its almost stock droid?
@nextbit a 6" cable for emergency  is my vote
15cm is my vote for emergency cable.
would robin be supported to work in saudi arabia, my carrier is stc. please let me know. great idea, all the best j
spiral cable is an amazing idea!!
the cable length is surely inclusive plugs? if i calculate 2 cm for each plug, 15 cm should be the absolute minimum. anything less could leave the robin half hanging in the air. how about spiral cables as an alternative?
pocket size sounds good to me. i'll take in 10cm please
10-15cm would be great! what a wonderful idea :o)
cool....make it 10-15 cm!! i would buy two...!! nextbit you are awesome!!!!
@nextbit - so wait, will this be the charging length for the quick charger? or are you talking about an extra cable, in addition to the one with the quick charger, that's really short?
that quick charger is going to get me in trouble in class as i charge my robin ;) no way of using the phone without attracting attention either! i love that about the phone :)
guys nextbit said "thinking about offering" which may as well be through the survey at a price. would be a really kind offer from nextbit if they just threw it in but let's not take it for granted just yet- they must be knackered with 3 days to go.
@nextbit oh and another question that has been left unanswered: does just the .apk get offloaded or data content too?  and what happens if we delete shadowed pictures on robin, will they be permanently deleted from the cloud as well?
@nextbit joining the more the merrier group which includes cm!  so then that question again, seems to fit in well: how long would the normal cable be?  thanks for including two cables! feels like a secret stretch goal has just been unlocked :)
woo, got the early adopter
would the usb-c cable by oneplus work as well with the robin?
@nextbit extra cables are always welcome - but perhaps a type-b (or lightning) to type-c adapter would serve the purpose? these adapters cost a fortune for no apparent reason! maybe the sheep mascot can double up as a storage case for the adapter so i can keep it close at my workstation ;-)
at least 5" please. thank you!!!
@nextbit, more the better, i would go for 15 cm. thanks
@nextbit please make the cord 15cm, i need that length, seriously :) you guys are awesome
can we (or set it to do so automatically) update apps in the cloud (if they have been moved there) or, will we be required to download the app back to the phone to update?
@sean- also 3rd party launchers have tap-to-wake functionality, and nextbit has indicated they will support those 3rd party launchers, so there's that. @nextbit- for emergencies, 10cm is my vote for extra charging cable.
@sean not at launch, but it is something that may be introduced in a future software update. @nextbit i'm loving the idea! it's the little things that make all the difference, and we've been spoilt by you so far! i think 7 cm might be a bit short because most power outlets are higher from the ground than that (at least here in belgium) so the phone would be dangling by the cord... i'm all for 15 cm, but if that's not possible i think anything between 10 and 15 cm can work :)
@nextbit as long as it can reach a nearby surface or the ground from an outlet (a hanging phone is a damaged phone) that's an awesome idea! would definitely be appreciated.
@fat benjamin @nextbit i think 15 cm is best as well. also, i've been trying to keep track of the comments, so i know it was asked, but not sure if it was answered, but will robin have double tap to wake support?
amazon went for a 10cm lightning cable and got great feedback, i think its ideal: http://www.amazon.co.uk/amazonbasics-apple-certified-lightning-cable/dp/b00nh138f8
@nextbit you are amazing you think of everything!  and your guesstimate sounds perfect to me.
@nextbit -  that is a great idea!  i would go with 15cm as a bit of extra length would make it easier to position the phone wherever it is being charged.  i asked be fore but will robin come with a screen protector?  thanks!!!
@nextbit that's a fantastic idea, yeah im guessing around 10cm?
@nextbit would this be in addition to the quick charger?
our questions to you might backers today: because usb c cables are cool but not very easy to find, we were thinking about offering a really short as an emergency charging cable you could stash in your pocket. unless your friends were cool enough to back robin too, they probably won't have one at their house for you to top up with. would you want this? if so, how long should it be? we are thinking someone in the 3-6" (7-15cm) range.
thanks for helping each other out the past few hours rebels, apparently team needed some weekend time to sleep in. you've been keeping us all busy. 2 unanswered questions remain. here you go daffa and chalermpol: @daffa yes, robin has both @chalermpol prices for accessories will be announced with the backer survey after the kickstarter ends. this is when you’ll be able to add them on to your pledge.
*whoever and i want the sash he across the back just because it's cool.
however came up with the chewbacca design for the robin,  i love it!
@doug c that's how i got mine yesterday i just kept refreshing the rewards screen. if you wait til someone posts an open one it will be gone before you get there!
@doug c, yep, at least that's what i did :p
how can u find out if an early adopter back out so i can change mine?  just continuously check?
thx for freeing up early adopter position
@rogerm well in that case, good morning! and no, robin was not dead, merely sleeping ;)
dont make a pledge if ur not going to honor it geeze........
@fedor duhrmann, me it was 4am here when i posted that! i should of been sleeping, robin was dead at the time.  : 0)
i had my qualms about my pledge but this robin has almost the same specs as the forthcoming nexus. very similar. i find comfort in that this device will be backed by knowledge people and dedicated to a probably smaller audience than the ones google has to please. the price is the only thing that will make our break any pledge. should the nexus 5x come beneath 349 then it would be time to reconsider,but i like the openness of the team and staying with a project from the beginning. i'm an early super and like to try new things. i'm a big fan of the nexus program but i went with the opo and it turned out great. awesome battery life. at the end of the day in going to be happy checking out a slightly skinned ui that adapts to my needs.
@sikander khan excellent! i can't wait until you get your hands on robin! you are a trail blazer my friend! @luc ten hoorn nextbit is already working on the android m build, and robin gets updated to it around february (shortly after launch). android m has a really good fine-grained permissions model. currently only cyanogenmod and (other mods forked off of it) have something similar for android 5.1.1. it is not a real solution, however, as it just blocks those fine grained permissions with no regard to what the application itself does if it asks for something you blocked. if null handling is not implemented, your app crashes. android m solves this by returning an empty set (not null) to the request for that information, so the application will behave more gracefully.
@j.s. thank you
@luc ten horn changes to permissions come with android m
@don chen, this incudes also taxes and vat
has anyone wondered why the shipping rates are so high?
does anyone know if we can changes the permissions of apps? sorry if this is answered already, i just couldn't find it.
1 early adopter spot opened up!! (yet another)
is it possible to have the antutu score of the robin ?
thanks chad! changed my mind and now i stay with all of you!
@roger m who would sleep in the middle of the day?
@jason no @roger no
everyone sleeping now???
does the phone have an ir blaster?
@nextbit an update on the camera and few comparisons with the g4 and s6 would be great
how much do i have to add for the temper glass and the protection case of the phone? i like the clear tpu one as it will show the phone body rather than the ugly looking case.
@casualt - i think it will be fine. but i definitely think people will not really get or have a full benefit of the cloud till it including videos and/or music.i have some qualms with the robin too, but like you, i'm supporting regardless. plus, i have the mosaic (wireless mobile storage, 256gb) and batpaq from nexpad for external storage on to go.
thanks to everyone for the more accurate estimates of space required for 4k video. it seems that even at smaller sizes, though, that you could burn through even 100 gigs pretty fast. but this wouldn't be an issue unique to the robin, right? maybe smartphones and 4k video have some inherent issues? like @casualt, it's really not an issue for me because i don't expect to hit 32 gigs for a long time. meanwhile i'll be looking to see what other fun things nextbit dreams up for cloud use.
@d'don i know about the future thoughts i have read nextbits comments about not having enough staff and being a start up company i get it. i'm just stating the obvious. i don't see many people using the cloud for what it is truly intended for. if you have lots of music and videos on your phone that take up the internal memory than all your apps will be grey lol. i just don't see the true benefit of the clouds intentions being used to its full potential. it's a bit of a half-assed attempt. i am backing them all the way regardless. love the phone love the specs. p.s i live in canada and its $500 for me with the exchange. still best phone i can find for that price. hope it's still relevant in 6 months when it's released.
@casualt with the exception of maybe hi-def games, what applications do you have that make your apk average 150mb? even the google services framework app is only ~67mb. don't confuse apks with application data.
@casualt - they have also stated that that's something that they're definitely thinking about (videos), and then music (possibly in the future)
@casualt - i don't think it will be that much of a problem considering that the apps that get removed are the one's that you don't really use. i do agree on it being more effective to backup videos and music since they take up the most space, and are the true storage issue when it comes to phones, that and apps (apps take up the most space on my lg g4 and really can only be stored effectively on the internal storage).  especially considering amazon photos and google photos does photo backup unlimited for free, no not in the same way robin integrates it, but still nonetheless. the app back up is very helpful though. i also still have faith in robin and the nextbit team. i thinks it's more of an issue of amazon aws services, and them being a startup company, than just not wanting to do so.
i also know i'm right. apks are about 150mb average. photos maybe 3mb. u do the math.
@angelo those phones i don't like and cost way more. i never said i didn't want this phone. i also said i would never use the cloud because i just don't need that much storage but this phone has the best specs for the price period and that's what sold me. not the cloud feature.
does anybody know if this phone support gyroscope and accelerometer or not?
@casualt that's not what you signed up for.  if you want that samsung galaxy 5 64gb or 128gb.  you can ask for something that was never offered.
im happy with my investment glad they are taking my money soon its just sitting there and tempting to spend
early adopter and verizon early adopter spot open
no offense but i think someone should do the math on how many photos (average size) and how many apps (average apk size) that 100gb gets you. i'm a little confused as i really don't see myself "keeping" things in the cloud unless it was videos and music. i would much rather have more internal gb than cloud space. i 100% doubt people are going to want to click on apps all the time when they can just transfer their camera shot videos or pictures they just took to their computer to free up internal space. so for the "times" when u might run out of space on your phone 100gb is over kill when you consider what i said. lol let me reiterate i have no intention to even use the cloud for my robin. but i guarantee its a bigger pain in the ass to click on greyed out icons all the time vs dumping some of the photos you took on your computer to free the internal space up. and for the times when you will run out of space before you have a chance to dump that stuff on a computer i'd say 20-25 gbs would be more than sufficient. the true use of the cloud would come into play on stuff that already takes up a lot of space on your phone. like cinema movies and music. thank you for reading.
the video in 4k will problem very slow fps and probably not worth it.
@all want to see how robin works? check out phandroid’s "nexbit robin: hands-on and first impressions" video: https://www.youtube.com/watch… for a sneak peak. also we’ll share more info on voting for the new colorway come monday!
@d'don washington, thank's, is the voting going to be here on kickstarter robin page or elsewhere?
@d'don @mike, the 4k size recordings will all depend on the bit-rate it is recorded at. robin will likely record at a lower bit-rate so will be probably be in the range noted by d'don. 32gb a minute is conceivable, but probably only on the crazy pro rated cameras and certainly not cellphones.
@mike maddux, i have the same concerns as you as i'm at least close to $10k in 4k equipment and want to do all my videos in 4k which will be huge data to even upload, will take some time depending on your internet speeds. i do hope robin is going to support it in the cloud too.,as having a phone to record in 4k is much handier than always carrying a camera around with you, many shot's you might miss recording.
@rogerm - if you haven't got all the info yet, the 5 colors will be available to vote on monday, up until wednesday, september 30th.
@mike maddux - good point (back up for video, i'm sure they're looking into that for the near future tho).. as for the 4k video and the space it takes up, it doesn't take up that much space. it also may depend on your device. i used to record 2k or 1080p videos on my moto x pure edition (2014), and it would take up to like 258mb for a minute. my lg g4 has a 4k (more like ultrahd, which is super close) video and it is 77.52mb for 21 seconds. 32gb is so inaccurate.
@js thanks for info, my chromebook is unable to open the photo link on update #5, not supported. also thanks dennis for your reply.
i just read an estimate that 32 gigs is big enough for about a minute of 4k video. the robin can record 4k video. if that is a feature that you are ever going to really be able to use, then automatic video to cloud seems essential. am i off tth mark here?
@alfred not yet announced. @rogerm 5 colorways to be announced monday @rogerm  at time of launch backing up unused apps and photos to free pup more space on phone, continuously when on wifi (can be changed when needed or desired).  music and video backup, not now, but being looked at.  i think, the main purpose of cloud storage is to free phone  for more space, so music and video backup are on nextbit's radar, features to pursue/include in backup eventually.
@rogerm read update number 5 for color info. and roger nextbit is not a cloud storage like any other. it is meant to only start to work (without you even knowing or using it) when you start to run out of local space. at that point it will upload the apps and photos you least use. the apps will be grayed out and the photos will be keeped in the exact resolution of the screen (meaning you can't zoom in until you choose to download from the cloud the full image). for videos and music you have google music and photos.
in reading the latest post's, as i'm far from reading so many of them are we not able to store our video's in the cloud? i'm confused on this now? no music either i read for sure of! bummer as i have a lot of. if this is indeed true what good is the cloud? to just store app's??? any clarification on this out there?
@all, wont anyone answer my question on the 5 color choices and where do you find them if we are at that point yet?
@ creator sorry if this have been asked ; how much would the case cost on its own? thank you ! alfred
@nick grazulis monday, the voting starts.  not sure yet as to how, unless i missed it here.
well happy birthday to me getting a shirt with my phone. when does the voting start for the new colors?
@louis paumier  i "think" there should be no issue, as verizon is actually moving from one needing to buy a verizon version to an opening up of byod, whereas with band 12 t-mobile is headed (?) somewhat in the opposite direction, not fully, but at least partially (i.e.; need for oem to certify with them on band 12...which to nextbit's credit, is doing.).  the verizon or cdma version of robin is just technical, to enable it to work on verizon's use of cdma.  but, i would feel confident before announcing it nextbit got this issue covered.
@all. quick question regarding verizon activation. should there be any concern over verizon not activating the verizon variant of the robin? as you are a well aware verizon has been terrible at this in the past for unlocked phone but recently announced some changes. i have faith in the nextbit team that they have done their homework but just looking from some confirmation if possible.  thanks in advance
i can't wait for nextbit to take my money on the 1st of october, the canadian dollar is going down constantly, hopefully i'll be able to still get it for less than $500, currently according to xe.com the rate equivalent is $338 usd = $450 cdn (why can;t time go by faster!)
@chad kemp  nice try, hope it helps, but i'm afraid if @sikander khan doesn't see the difference by now, if has been following, tt's to no avail, sad to say.  for the umpteenth time: robin's use cloud  in concert with local storage is unique, new and different from any storage capability currently available in the smartphone arena.  it is not like dropbox, google cloud or sd storage.  not one of them is smart in anyway.  yes, for some seeing it in action will give them an oh moment, others will continue to see it in light of what they know or have used and compare it thusly.  there choice, right and loss.  the later solely my opinion.
@sikander khan the beauty of robin is that it uses the cloud differently than any other device. you have a completely elastic storage solution that is integrated into the phone. it alleviates the check-in-check-out nature of traditional cloud storage "lockers" like google drive, dropbox, etc... you can still use all of those, of course, if your daily routine is built around it. but the fact that robin will grow with your needs is where it stands out. on that same token, you will not find another phone with these specs for $349 without nextbit's cloud integration. perhaps you could argue that the nexus 5x has similar specs (and does) but the price is not announce. all other phones of this calibre will be priced at or above robin and not offer the added benefits. stay true, my friend... stay true, stay rebellious, and dare to be the one in your group who pulls out the beginning of the next generation of smart... while all your friends thumb at their nexuses.
thinking to say good bye to robin as i dont think i should keep backing it just because of cloud...a bit similar facility is available by the google with any android phone in the market...backing apps sound good but it's realy futuristic one? if i can't backup my video and music then what i shall do with cloud? i may come back for 2nd generation robin...bye bye!!!
@peter there is no ois. they are, however, including phase detect auto focus, so focus will be super fast. they are also working with dxo on the camera software, so the camera is in good hands. i believe ois would have made the camera module slightly larger/deeper, which would have had a trickle down effect on the overall design. in order to maintain the size they wanted (in all dimensions) and maintain symmetry, ois just didn't work. so pdaf is implemented to offset as much as possible.
one more question came to mind, does the camera have ois? not a deal-breaker but would be nice to have.
have the final color pick's been decided on yet? if so where? thanks.
@casualt, thanks i just seen that! good i'm with robin then all the way, thanks!
@roger yes the camera support 4k check campaign faq
now i'm getting concerned about the camera more as apple and samsung announced they are providing 4k recording and i have invested a lot of $$$$ on 4k equipment, the future!  does robin  do 4k ? if not i'm now thinking of backing out of robin as it then is a low tech phone, sure it has the cloud but really what else is new about it then if camera is cheap.
@kenneth, if i'm not wrong, 1800mhz corresponds to lte band 3 which is supported by robin.
@norman  i was told the other day that it's legal in minnesota and can be used in court without saying anything that your recording them.??? not sure how true it is. anyone know?
hello~ i'm a backer from hong kong... just wonder if it does support the 4g network in hong kong. i'm using the service of smartone and it says their 4g is fdd-lte 1800mz. thanks
hello @nextbit. i know you will get the tmobile band 12 certification. just curious but will that be ready out of the box or available after the fact with a software update?
@edward, call recording is actually illegal in many us cities/states (see donald sterling fiasco) as it is a privacy violation (also probably a 4th amendment issue). unless you're willing to tell everyone you talk to prior to the conversation that they are being recorded which also probably won't go over too well with many people.
just wondering with spotify and offloading to the cloud.  does robin send just the apk or does it also send any downloaded music from spotify on my phone?  as far as i know my phone does not see spotify music files as music.  thanks.
i cant wait to see the special edition colors to vote on. right now i have my heart set on mint, but if the special edition color is cool, i'll be getting that one. we're almost there people! this is my first kickstarter backing and it's been a blast!
hi nextbit, i am keen to find out more about your project and this is why i am writing to you to find out your software features. i have been a fan of android, cyanogen, oxygenos (oneplus), miui (xiaomi) and now robin. i think native call recording and intuitive sorting of these saved files will be an almighty selling point for your future os. this feature by itself has been my hold back on purchasing an updated phone. i am going to lay out my case as to why i think you should divert more efforts towards these features. 1- your clients want this feature badly. i consider myself one of the 'geeky' followers of this mobile revolution and i support your effort with breaking down barriers. i utilize most of the features built into my present phone (one plus 1). cyanogen has provided me to block anonymous calls, individual numbers, favorites call lists etc. i use these features continuously and i would like to direct you towards features that future users will want. 2- this feature is being used by xiaomi (miui operating system)  to further their sales. this feature is not common, but call recording will become more common as time goes on. get ahead of the competition by implementing these options asap. see this link :- http://en.miui.com/thread-20727-1-1.html 3- the telecommunication providers (at&t, sprint, tmobile etc) the world over will love robin because it will encourage clients to use their phone more and make phone calls which will generate revenue for them. some carriers already transcribe and save your recorded messages which require you to use their interface. 4- there will soon be other products out there that will record all phone calls via blue tooth i.e skype, whats app calls, viber, facebook messenger, and normal phone calls. see the link below:- https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/bluewire-hands-free-smartphone-voip-call-recorder#/story for all of these reasons i do think that time should be spent to incorporate call recording into your os. i do hope you consider it. kind regards, ec kindly let me know if this is a feature which will be available for your phone when it becomes available.
@mark schwacofer perhaps we could ask @nextbit to include the size dimensions so we know with certainty which size to pick?
@mark, i agree (and thanks for the tip). more important is for the 3,000+ owners to help spread the word of how awesome the phone is so that others will consider it. having robin on all four networks is huge for that. for any android fan how could you argue with a phone that comes with an unlocked boot loader, no bloatware and a warranty no matter what rom you use? all for a reasonable price.
4 days i dont think were going to hit the next goal, but im happy we are where we are. i got a quick charger 2 shirts the phone and phone support for 325. guys just know the tshirts run a bit small so order 1 size larger,,,,
fedor grab your camping gear and your robin. we're going camping.
one early adopter spot opened up!
aren't screen protectors getting thinner and thinner though?
@sean i'm right there with you. i can't stand the look and feel of screen protectors. the tempered glass ones feel good, but then there's that ugly weird border they create.
@kelvin i would imagine its fairly tough. if i remember it is gorilla glass 4.  my gorilla glass on my current phone (galaxy s3) has not had a case or screen cover for over 2 years and there is one very faint scratch. otherwise its pristine.  i have my phone on me most of the time.  including in my coverall pocket while welding. it's tough.  personally i will not likely be considering any sort of screen protector.  i hate having a nice looking device then shrouding it in ugly armour.
thank you abe
@kelvin yung.. robin comes with corning gorilla glass 4 protection so it won't easily get scratched or break
thank you sean!
the phone has glonass support? or only gps?
i want to ask will the screen easy to be scratch or break. will you provide one piece of screen protector?
@stefan, tnx for the link.... i found two other interviews 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch… 2. http://techcrunch.com/video/calling-from-the-cloud-with-nextbit/519102592/
@brandyn after the end of the campaign there will be a survey. i am pretty certain the shirt will be sent together with the phone
@steven, periscope is long gone unless someone recorded it, but here's a sweet interview by technobuffalo https://www.youtube.com/watch…
anyone knows if i can still watch the periscope, the hangout, or some other interviews somewhere?
@dennis. i can imagine that even if peter almost finished the five new colors, he probably still has to adjust some tones and he probably has to face some of his colleagues who have their own ideas about the new designs.... maybe @nextbit can give us a teaser...
how will they get my adress to send me the tshirt
you get a t-shirt! you get a t-shirt! everyone gets a t-shirt!
@steven  i think it possible.  tryin' to be optimistic.  time will tell my friend.
@steven, maybe peter has been working on it all along and is already or near finished with his task.  i look forward to seeing 5 well chosen deserving rendered colorways, making choosing hard.
@dennis, it is on the move... but 50k a day.. are there really that many ppl waiting at the fence?
@ madhu s surapaneni no need to switch goals, it's on the move.
a  late 1.25m congratulation!! whoohooo i want to give the awesome designer peter mental support this weekend. i hope he can handle the pressure knowing the community is expecting a lot of him on monday! anyway with midnight and mint you guys already delivered fantastic design. those two colors makes me struggle choosing between them. how hard will it be on monday, choosing one out of five new designs....  maybe we all jetzons need some mental support on monday aswell... i hope we can handle the pressure to choose wisely have a nice weekend peter!!
nice bump seen by 12:33 (az time, same as sf until dst kicks in) since clearing $1.25 earlier today.  git'r'dun!  (hope larry the cable guy doesn't come after me for royalties!) ;)
@nextbit since there is no active data/cloud management and all happens intelligently, what will happen, if we delete a shadow icon of an app (if that is even possible)? will the storage in the cloud get released too, or will it remain there?  same question about the pictures, what if we delete a preview / shadow of a picture on robin, what will happen in the cloud?  will the shadowing be mostly of apps or will pictures i have not looked at for more than x-months get "shadowed" as well?  will just the .apk get shadowed or the actual data that was created by the app, too?  oh and my cable length question from earlier.
awesome thanks joel!
@brendon, if memory serves me well, they indicate that the device will be serviced from a software perspective for 2 years, which is fairly standard in terms of most reputable android manufacturers.
@creator, not sure if this question has already been address before, but how will the support for future android updates be?
the android central podcast this week spoke about nextbit again following their interview earlier this week. (starts around 52 minutes: https://www.youtube.com/watch…)  some interesting opinions. i'm still not sure they're (android central) getting the cloud concept as they seem to think that companies like dropbox can switch on the cloud aspect at any time and mirror nextbit's efforts. of course, the benefit of nextbit is that the cloud services are baked into the rom. they do opine that the cloud innovations are essentially an acquisition play. that is plausible, for sure. where that would leave us early adopters is up for debate.  they do like the unique design though - which is dead on in my opinion.
@samaterk i think the midnight version looks better from the vids and on other sites than kickstarter. it's got more of a blue tone to it on those. it's almost solid black on ks.
wohooo.... yipeee... we have reached 1.25m...so happy... tshirts in the bag eh.. now lets chase the gigs.. 129gigs anyone
@fiona $1.25m and everyone gets a free nextbit shirt. $1.5m and everyone gets 129gb cloud storage!!
@nextbit thank you for your contribution and great answers (not only to my questions but to all). i'm excited and proud to back this project. what a bit concerns me now is how the real colors of the phone will look like, especially the midnight. it looks good on this site but not as much on the other sites (the prototype). hope to see the real thing clearly not the rendered one before choosing. good job guys :)
@fiona the stretch goals are listed in one of the updates (6) at the top of the page.  sept 15th one i believe.
with the way i use my phone i'd be happy with 5-6 hours.  quick charging is a plus!  i use my s3 for everything and i don't intend to change that.  there isn't a battery out there i'll get all day out of let alone multiple days.  unless you are away from power the easiest way to get full enjoyment from your phone is to use it then charge it!  i got bored looking at what was new out there when it was getting time to upgrade the s3. its been a great phone but none of the "flagship" models stood out or was a "must have" phone for me.  now i feel like @creator and robin have redefined "flagship"  its not about bigger faster stronger, although robin seems to be all that.  its about making a device that takes everything you like about the other phones out there and making it better and more functional.  nextbit has done this, imho.
where are the stretch goals listed?  i want to be excited too!!
i just wanted to say that nextbit saved me from switching from verizon (and costing my wife more money). i was so tired of all the good phones, such as the nexus being on sale for a good price but never the verizon version. now i have an unlocked, bare droid, good priced, full featured phone for verizon? dream come true!
in your latest tests with the hardware, what you expecting for battery life?  i have had a number of phones that only lasted about one day (8-10 hrs), while my oneplus one can go over 3 days with light use.
a couple more backers, or maybe even now, solid on 2nd stretch goal.  git'r'dun!  hope we see stretch goal 3, $1.5m before campaign ends.  tryin' to be an optimist!
stretch goal met! yeeahhhhhhh
it feels like being in a time machine going through the comments when the first congratulations on the stretch goal came in. now, just a few hours later, we are just 54$ shy again.  @nextbit how long will the charging cable be?  @angelo brown i think we should meet for such an wilderness trip once!
@nextbit who will be your provider(s) of lcd screens?
@creator will we be able to gift robin in the survey?
another stretch!  pleeease let the t-shirt come in ultra huge 4 or 5xl! ;)
@nextbit will there be a video demo of the phone before the october 1st.??
@nextbit  -http://media.giphy.com/media/l41lpljvp3xaxvyny/giphy.gif
congratulations @nextbit.  as much as i like the t-shirt, i would prefer if we can switch the goals and give us the 129 gb cloud storage for 1.25 mil and t-shirts at 1.5 mil. but again, thats just my opinion. how about that?
http://giphy.com/gifs/goal-celebrating-gibbs-jrbfecympat7i
now i'll have something to wear by the time i'm in uni xd
we did it!
onward to growing that cloud storage.  git'r'dun!
@creator will we be able to choose t-shirt color? in the update, there are two colors: blue and purple. i hope i have the choice of choosing the color i want. :)
yessss!!!!!! 1.25 mil $ :d i'd like my tshirt size m (eu) please :) :) :)
whooo! we did it!
thank you fedor for answering my question regarding backing up my photos in the wilderness.  i'm excited about this project and i believe that this team has enough experience to bring us a first class phone.  i at times can be impatient but i am cooling my heals.  i think were on the heels of something big.  kickstarter is about faith and sometimes they get it right and sometime not so much. one of the reasons i have supported so many projects is because these people have the balls that i lack to put my own project out there.  let's support these guys and give them a little room to breathe.  i could not take all of the nagging and pissy comments every single day.
i've just woken up to stretch goal good news! yaay! now back to bed!
i hope nextbit takes "stretch goal" not too literally and the shirt is from an extreme stretch material. one size fits master yoda and jabba the hutt ;-)
glad we made it. getting to the next goal will be stretching it. (sorry for the terrible pun, couldn't resist)
@kevin yeah, i was off by a day...
@abe i called this one...  ;-)  @geoffrey my excitement is mostly for the steady progress nextbit is making and yeah,  i want a fanboy t-shirt.
hooooohah!
yess!
ding! gratz!
ding. grz.
@geoffrey, case is already a bundle package for kickstarter. wouldn't be fair if everyone got the case for free.
why all this excitement for a tshirt ? the case is not part of the stretch goal ?
153 to go!
@milad-kazava keshvari, yes robin has an accelerometer and gyroscope
so close. sooooo cloooose....  i consider the t-shirt in the bag.  thank you nextbit!
527 to go! i ain't sleeping until we get there! (midnight here in europe)
2 more phone before goal!!!!!
$600 more dollars before 2nd stretch goal!!!!!!!!!!!
@milad-kazava keshvari yes, they do. @jurgen i don't see why not. also, nextbit has already confirmed below that they're focusing on the videos and music next; however, is currently hurdling through limitations due to lack of resources and time. but our visions (company and us) are very similar. now, i guess you can take it in that way, that there some secret hidden stuff that nextbit isn't disclosing to us. however, at the very least, i trust that nextbit is doing what they can to optimize the phone in a way that is work for everyone.
hey, does robin have an accelerometer and a gyroscope? i think i will remove my pledge if not, unfortunately. thanks.
@abe no, but  amazon could see it as competition. or they want to exclude possible conflicts regarding drm from the outset.
5 days left! looking forward to seeing more updates from nextbit in the next few months
@vincent i don't know why other oems haven't done flat cabling for in the box chargers before. it's a no brainer.
$1.5k remaining. let's go. right now. do it.
@jurgen, maybe, hahaha. but i don't understand your last statement. are you saying amazon might be able to benefit from our information to the cloud, more specifically the videos and music?
i'm loving how cubic everything is, between the phone and the charger. really a well designed setup (and not to mention a flat non-tangle cord)!
@abe thanks, of course that could be the reason. however, it may also be non-technical reasons. i think they use the amazon cloud service, is'nt it? amazon does not deserve his money with pictures but with videos and music.
verizon early adopters spot opened!
geoffrey, its simple the tshirt yo
do we know what strech goal will be unlocked at 1.25m ?
@jurgen i actually imagine the coding to be completely different than offloading a picture, but allowing a sample clip size for reference. if you followed the software implications of attaching a picture from the cloud, on an email, that kind of implementation on music or video would be much different. this is my take, and seeing as @nextbit's response was, we are currently limited due to resources and manpower, it makes it more apparent that added new features isn't a simple coding, done and done.
@nextbit simple question: why is it possible to store photos in the cloud, but no videos and music? technically, all three the same, files. are there non-technical reasons?
@anna anderson thanks! mint has definitely grown on me! i think robin found her fraternal twin! @nextbit amethyst http://i.imgur.com/kwdrwtg.jpg
@luna i like it, but i think it's too late !
@lars end of the day from kicktraq.
@abe define end of the day, it's different for most of us i think ^^
what grabbed me about the robin were the totally original and distinctive design, the front facing speakers, the fingerprint scanner, the almost stock android, the potentially decent camera, and the open way the company presents itself. i was and remain skeptical about the cloud thing, but i've never yet filled up a 32 gig phone so that's not a big deal for me, and i'll be happy to see where the experiment leads.
@luna i like your  amethyst colour scheme. don't know which one's more interesting, this or mint
@nextbit amethyst http://i.imgur.com/kwdrwtg.jpg
#letspushfornextsretchgoalbeforeendoftoday
no doubt for me either. we're in for 2 early adaptors and we stay in. really excited for the color-contest. 2500$ to go for goal.
@nextbit @all  thank you for your clarification. like i said earlier i am all in. i understand you are a small group trying to make a difference and i respect that.
@abe i agree with @luna that the video is a bit of misleading. it doesn't come clear that the video is presenting a vision that comes with the product. i rewatched the video and honestly if i didn't knew better the only message that sticks in my mind is that robin deals with all types of data from the start, instead it's a vision of what robin could be one day...
with five days to go i'm excited to see the new colors to vote on. i was not initially into the mint as a guy it seemed "chickish" but it's grown on me. great job  nextbit with your open communication with the backers.
@louie usb-c
is the phone use usb-c or micro usb for charging?
and btw i also want to say nextbit is the best tech company that i have come over the past years.  like how transparent they are and would explain their decision to us clearly. this would 1. prevent customers to have too unrealistic expectation and feel disappointed afterwards (i am guilty myself. we just really want a phone that can send us to mars don't we :p). 2. make us feel like a part of the family and being respected. sometime tech company that don't response to customers would make people feel like they are evil or just want to milk unreasonable amount of money from their customer (even if they did not intend to).
@luna i don't think that nextbit was misleading in that their vision is to have those kinds of media cloud storage smart integration available; however, as they admitted that they're very limited in size and that they're a startup company, we're going to have to wait until they continue fine-tuning the software until it fully matches their vision.
@nextbit i feel your intro video may come off a bit misleading when showing the songs and videos icon in the clouds. video cloud storage was primarily the main reason i chose the nextbit robin over an iphone6s plus.  :(
and if i just want to upload only apps that are big in size, maybe 20 in 200? then pinning all 180 apps would be a bit tedious.
@creator thanks for your answer! just think if i consciously choose which app should be deleted, then i suddenly need it when i don't have data, and it is really being deleted, then i can just blame myself :p.
the great path has no gates -- keep going nextbit.
such clear n honest answers make me feel proud of backing up this team.. we are with you nextbit :) sorry for getting a little overboard about my previous comment of backing up only apk..
@lars, they are great :-)
@steven i know, thanks for the answer though, but my question was directed towards nextbit itself, whether or not it's something they can implement later on :) and they just answered it below!
@nextbit *drops the mic*
@nextbit much appreciated! good news that it's something you're already thinking about. we just have to be patient, we all know you're all doing your very best to make this phone as awesome as it can be!
@nextbit agreed. definitely trust you'll do great things, even after campaign is over!
@all at launch, we will not support cloud backups of music or videos but that doesn't mean we never will. we're already thinking about videos next since they will already be part of the gallery app.  we're super excited to have you all on board with our vision. keep in mind that we're a startup and we are trying to do our best with our small team and focus is key!
@steven no news on europe
any chance opening up another verizon/sprint  option before end of campaign? thanks.
@rahul, any news on shipping to europe?
@lars, for the moment it is only photo's and apps, later on probably other data types... if you scroll back about 2,000 comments there you will find your answer stated by nextbit
oh wow,  that's good news rahul :)
but there is a good news kavya.. they said that our shipping to india wouls be $70...now i assume they are saying shipping+taxes.. if yes then we saved $28
@nextbit what with all the confusion here, can you shed some light on whether ot not it is possible to implement the backing up of videos and music into the cloud later on?
@kavya i had just messaged them about will they back music.. and the answer was no.. so for now videos and music are not backed up
@kavya nextbit has been very clear about this. there is none speculation about this one....
@bosskar robin is not waterproof. @samaterk tony pooriphong i'm sure you will be surprised by the processor of robin, snapdragon 808. choosing the hardware for a phone is always a compromise between best performance and battery life. we think we've the sweet spot. @jhl robin doesn't support  wireless charging. @kaspar wong that's an interesting vision. we will keep this in mind. @samaterk tony pooriphong http://gadgets.ndtv.com/nextbit-robin-2907 is incorrect. robin now has gsm, cdma and 4g/lte.
calm down, jetzons!  at this point, we can at least wait for a clear answer from nextbit, than just speculate and bring the excitement down towards the end of the campaign.
@rahul lakshmanan - welp i tried to warn ya, if you don't want to listen, that's on you.
now is this a joke..if its only apks dat dey r gonna back then how is this gonna help.. apks are small in size.. rest of the space is occupied by the data of the apk which will be stored locally and not on cloudd.. and if u use google fotos then photos are backed up.. so only apks will be backed up?  is it true?
i think the news of robin not backing up music and video has had a negative effect on funding.. in 15 mins we are down by 900$
@rahul they mentioned before that at this moment they do not push music to the cloud. in the future they might be...
@d'don but still they do not mention that they do not push music to cloud
there are some exciting few days left. do we receive updates about the camera, the battery life, etc.. before the end of the campaign do we receive answers on all the questions about the cloud, that never were clarified. which color will win the kickstarter contest will there be an other reward for the early backers, now shipment is equal to all (suggestion: when 1.5m isn't achieved 129gb for early backers)  what will be the name for the community... jetzonbitches ;-) i really like the tension... for the name, what about: merino (s) ?
@rahul lakshmanan - they definitely stated it. direct quotes from nextbit: "you will be able to see your archived apps photos and any other media we add support for on your phone without any special apps. archived apps are shown in the launcher as greyed out. archived photos still show screen sized thumbnails in the gallery." "we don’t currently back up videos, but we are compatible with google’s drm scheme." caps for emphasis. they may add support for other media (in the future). photos and apps are the only form of backup as of now." the caps aren't for being rude, just for emphasis. that's where they stated only photos and apps. if there was a bold option, i would just bold it, and quotations marks don't work because the statements are already quotted, so it's less emphasis.
guys one more thing.. the kickstarter video says we  we can store apps music and videos in cloud.. i did not c any comment from nextbit where they have mentioned that music and videos will not be backed up in cloud.. guys can u show me that comment where nextbit says they do not backup music n videos in cloud
this questions might have already been asked, but if i use the google photos backup *and* nextbit's backup, will the nextbit backup interfere with google photos? i.e. if nextbit offloads a photo before google photos backs it up, will it not appear on google photos?
@ lars to me the same spec today (nexus) or delivery in 4+ months for the same is a big factor. to me the cloud storage is not a deciding factor as i always end up cleaning my phone regularly. what is interesting with robin is price, the nextbit team and the fact that the phone will be open like a nexus.  i looked at several start-up but settled on robin for the moment. got an invite from oneplus yesterday and let it expire, ubik uno i find has limited connectivity. maxphone feels a little  shady. with the release on tuesday of 2 new nexus,will see if google can dazzle me.
guys ur fotos n videos will be backed up in google photos.. as it should be pre installed with robin..
@mik per i was also keeping my eye on the next nexus 5, but it just seems like the blander phone with less storage and a higher price tag (the specs are pretty much the same if i remember correctly). so it's an easy choice! for me at least, hehe
@ i agree. it's definitely reasonable for people to have their qualms about some things about the robin. i mean, it is their money, hard-earned money at that, that they're using to back a project in which they will basically be pre-ordering to receive in some months. i have my fair share of qualms, but considering i am purchasing a 2nd smartphone too besides the robin, and i'm really looking into the future of what the robin may be (since they're really talking about software, and not just hardware), i'm fine. additionlly, i believe in the nextbit/robin team, and the future of the company. everyone deserves to have their dismay or inquiries about how they're spending and or investing their money. it's their right.
@mik yes i hope so 2!  @peter the led close to the usb c port works just like a traditional notification led. the leds on the back or only for the cloud when offloading and uploading.
@madhu s surapaneni - somebody already got to you now, but they confirmed it here: "you will be able to see your archived apps photos and any other media we add support for on your phone without any special apps. archived apps are shown in the launcher as greyed out. archived photos still show screen sized thumbnails in the gallery." "we don’t currently back up videos, but we are compatible with google’s drm scheme." caps for emphasis. they may add support for other media (in the future). photos and apps are the only form of backup as of now.
valid point, mik!
i hope the next stretch goal sticks. with the release of the new nexus phone 1 day before the end of this campaign, many people will be comparing. i expect many deserters.
@peter the stretch goal for 1.5m is already out there, it's 129gb of cloud storage (so 29gb extra). also, it would require us to get another 250k in just 5 days which at 50k a day unfortunately doesn't seem realistic to me.
hey so after the thrill of backing this project i do have a few questions/thoughts i'd throw out there (i tried scrolling through the comments but there are too many). 1. (pipe dream). lets make the stretch goal for 1.5m getting some waterproofing! too bad it probably doesn't work like that in real life. 2. have you guys confirmed that band 12/volte will be supported? i think the moto g removal of it has t-mobile users like me scared that tmobile is preventing use of the tech to non-official phones. 3. is there a traditional notification led? there's the cloud storage ones on the back and one on the bottom? next to the usb port? its one of my favorite features so i'd be cool to have one on this phone.
@jkuelnhoff definitely right. at the end of the day, it's a phone. we'll never know what or how the cloud storage is going to work. i think the concern is on a different level because the software implementation is so different from a legacy type storage utilization. this is primarily the reason why so many different people have different questions/concerns about the product. however, you have to understand, some of the backers are looking for some non-negotiable things about this phone and they're still on the fence, up until that very last 9/30 deadline before they want to back out or not. you and i, on the other hand, are fine with the current specsheet/features of the robin enough, to know it's something worth backing. can't fault them for that. :) i know nextbit is doing everything they can to make sure this device is the best it can be: inside and out. can't wait to see what's in store in the coming few months!
and, to paraphrase forest gump, "that's all i'm going to say about that."
@abe also, this is a phone, not a holy relic or wormhole to the future. i hear a lot of indignation in these posts. this should be pleasant, if not (dare i say) enjoyable! i'm (approx) backer #189, so i've been here since almost minute 1. if this doesn't turn our exactly how i think it will, i'm still going to be ok. of the two projects i've backed that were funded, neither turned our exactly how i thought they were going to. to paraphrase willy wonka, "the suspense is killing me. i hope it lasts."
@all we've got a few months until the phone drops. software wise, things could change. maybe as of right now, there might be some issues to back up music and video, but who knows, it could be available later on in addition to the ability of prioritizing media when you're low on storage. let's patiently wait and see my feathered friends!
@hl nicely put! also, we're nearly at our next stretch goal guys, fantastic job everyone!
@all don't worry, at the rate we're going. we'll hit $1.25mil by end of day.
@han, just $1 extra dollar from every backer....
@jkuehnhoff agreed, but there's nothing wrong with making sure backers are aware of the phone in which they are investing. i'm invested, but some other people might need some extra clarification if they're on the fence. :)
looks like we just need a generous backer for 1x distributor pack (of 20 phones)...
as folks are harping and whining about what isn't, lest we forget: this is iteration #1. remember everything the iphone couldn't do on release? maybe folks should calm the histrionics just a little bit and enjoy the ride. you might have a better time. just. saying.
@muji @abe @robin me too. i will be backing them all the way, but i hope they change/update their software to let us backup whatever we want. let's see if they have it in their plans.
@all don't get me wrong, i love the work nextbit is doing and i will also be backing them all the way. this is the device i want, this is the device i thought opt would be but never got to be.
@madhu i'm with you on that, nextbit has my backing all the way. but i don't want to be restricted with certain backups. but if anything, i would say the reason is due to amazon cloud services. i know they have unlimited photo cloud backups but for video and other files, there is a cap.
wow the amounts of drama that's recently dropped on this campaign i game take my pledge from these passionate people especially so close to the end but in holding hope out that the team will make the best smart phone they can make
of all the suggestions so far i like rebels.  what do you think of pioneers?
@alhad @abe exactly my thought. why should it be limited. i understand they mentioned something about the music not backing up to cloud sometime ago. but not backing up videos is coming as a surprise to me and to the other people as well. a couple of early adopter slots opened just now.
@nextbit agree with the crowd below that discriminating photos and videos is odd, imagine the confusion during daily use, or migration mischief to a future nextbit phone. also i won't be using half of the 100gb available as i'm not an avid gamer either. as others said the biggest space hog (no pun intended) is music for me also. however if this is the initial release target it's understandable, you guys are great and i still support your first product. could you pls implement an option where the videos save to a different folder from the pictures, so that i can set up video backups separately?
@abe" if nextbit is cloud phone it shouldn't limit what the media should go to the cloud " would have been my first thought.
i must also say i'm kinda speechless to the reply from nextbit saying no music nor video is being backed up in the cloud. then what, exactly, is this cloud good for? i can't say that apps is the thing taking up most storage in my phone, it is indeed photos, movies and music. this is what takes huge space, and this is as well what nextbit choose to not include in the cloud-service? i'm confused. can't see the smart in that, i'm sorry.
i believe nextbit said hardware is set in stone, but software should still be able to updated.
@vauhour no, it is. please refer to the campaign band support section. do not trust unverified third party's specsheet on the robin. @alhad it does seem weird that the music and video isn't stored, but i'm sure nextbit is aware and is trying to find ways to store that also. i don't see why that wouldn't be part of the cloud's integration.
robin is not compatible with the 4g?
all this while i was assuming everything on the phone stored locally can be pushed to cloud but now it seems like this cloud is only made for selfies and angry birds. the media that takes up maximum storage (music and video) is kept out of the cloud.
roll on january! this whole team is so awesome!
@abe no video backup is a buzzkill!!
@madhu currently, videos will not be backed up into the cloud. that could be implemented in future  software development, but nextbit's official answer for video backing is no.
@nextbit @abe chung @d'don washington can someone clearly confirm this. are the videos we take with the phone going to be backed up to the cloud as photos would or is it just the photos that would back up. isn't that going to be a problem for a few users who prefer to take more videos than photos.
@abe chung - even space itself works out great because that represents the future, and they stay in a utopian world that's extremely technologically advanced.
@abe chung - i don't think they live in space, they just live above the clouds. i could be wrong, but i still feel like it's fitting since they stay so near the clouds. even their apartments they stay at are called skypad apartments: http://wac.450f.edgecastcdn.net/80450f/screencrush.com/442/files/2015/01/the-jetsons.jpg
@d'don washington i thought they lived in space. haha. rebel for the pg version. nextbitches for the real version. ;)
@abe chung you're welcome! ;) but honestly, if i am part of a group, i would rather not have to call myself somekind of bitch. i just can't picture myself telling my friends to join us in this to be the "nextbitches"... just my opinion though. and in regard to the videos storage, i might have missed some of it, but they spoke about google drm so i can assume that would be for purchased videos. the videos you take with your phone would be uploaded along with your pictures, unless i am mistaken.
not to be self-absorbed or anything. but i still prefer "jetzons" or "the jetzons", and this was my reasoning, it may have been overlooked yesterday with all the comments: i used jetsons because the jetsons lived in the sky. so sky -> the cloud. that's where our apps and this intelligent techonolgy lived. the jetsons were also technologically advanced, from every aspect. they were the future. and even the z is a great modifications because it gets. jets fly in the sky and through clouds "robin andthe cloud." zon according to merriam-webster dictionary can refer to zone -> zonal.  zonal is relating to or having different areas, a particular zone, having the form of a zone. we are in the clouds, the jet zone, where the clouds are, the jetson ~ jetzons. if some of you are unfamiliar with the jetsons, you can find it on google search. it's a cartoon show on cartoon network and now boomerang.
@nextbit - videos should definitely be apart of the cloud backup. i figured if photos would, videos would too. especially if other things like music aren't, and we just have 32gb internal. i'm definitely still keeping my pledge, but that's something that should be in the development of implementing in the near future. videos take the most space, and when you tout 4k videos (which takes up lots of space), and don't have or allow a 64gb version on launch, usb otg, and/or a micro sd card slot, that should definitely be apart of backup.
@benoit fortier, damn it...now i hear it too. thanks for ruining it for me.
i'd rather be called a rebel or a robin instead of a nextbitch... when i hear nextbitch i hear it in paris hilton's voice.
@samaterk that wesbite is not listing true information about 4g/lte. please refer to the campaign page for correct information. and yes, next year, there will be some flagships sporting the 820, but let's be honest: 1. the upgrades will be white marginal. 2. we don't really know if the 820 will be all it claims to be...remember the 810 claimed the same feats? look how that turned out to be. 3. you're getting a very quality spec'd phone at a very affordable price. hope that helps!
@stefen that's what i thought that 808 would be enoughenough... but at that time, not in february or march next year when all flagships will have been gone to something higher?
http://gadgets.ndtv.com/nextbit-robin-2907 says no 4d/lte. is it true?
@kua you can keep the 2nd set and convince your wife later? :)  or swop around depending on your mood, 2 robins with 1 account sounds cool?
@yvonne i'm waiting for the community colour options to be released first - and pending the voting results - before making a final decision. managed to snag an early adopter slot for my wife, but she doesn't seem keen on this, so thinking maybe will get a mint/midnight and then the community colour for the second set...but no idea what i'm gonna do with two robins! haha...
@kaspar feer xdd i was reading the comment section and saw your post, for a few seconds, i thought to myself, "did i post something?"
we're not too far from the next stretch goal.  4 months to robin, and lots of people are showing off their newly launch iphone 6s now. @all will you opt for color mint, midnight or the upcoming kickstarter edition?  6 more days to survey filling and i'm still torn in the colors.
@kaspar wong: wow, cool name mate! :-d
@rahul @creator i have the same concern too. is there an option to not delete apps unless being selected, rather then pinning all the apps that i want to keep? this i can make sure all the apps that have potential to be deleted are not some important apps.
hmm, @nextbirds, @nextbros, @birdbrains, @feathers (like "birds of a feather") hmmm
@jhl no it doesnt, but it supports quick charging 2.0
@nextbit  sorry for the question may be asked, does it support wireless charger ??
@samaterk, to be honest the 808 is the best option. 820 was not commercially available at the time; nextbit believes that the hardware will be more than enough at that time and i stand by their statement.
$7k left, lets go!
@isaiah nextbitches i love it
robin- flying high.... limit should be the sky(cloud)
@luna camera updates will be in the month of nov/dec..... @rik oh reallyyyyyyy!?!?!
i'd like to know why snapdragon 808 but nit 810 or 820. don't you think this processor will be a bit obsolete by the time the phone is launched?
@nextbit what's your expectations before the campaign, regarding no.of backers & pledge amount???? now the present situation is more than ur expectation or below??
@bosskar no. phoenix (robin 2 ;) ) maybe.
camera updates?
is robin with water proof????
@nextbit as smart rebels create robin like a super mobile which should take the present smartphone era to next level.. #nextnow
@kavya congrats for getting early bird...
r - rebels o -  b - nextbit i -  n - nextnow
cloud + rebels = clobels
smart rebels!!!
@creator also, i took a scan through your campaign but couldn't verify 100%...where might the headphone jack be located?  (weather point 2.0 backer too..and vufine and zano :) )  cheers, brent
@wylie if you load other roms, you will not be able to take advantage of our smart cloud storage. there are changes at the os level that we require to function. if you continue to use robin with the stock rom, even if you switch launchers, you will be able to see your archived apps photos and any other media we add support for on your phone without any special apps. archived apps are shown in the launcher as greyed out. archived photos still show screen sized thumbnails in the gallery. @fedor unfortunately usb otg requires additional hardware which robin doesn’t have. we are sorry it wasn’t included in our original plans, especially after all the cool things google announced for it in m. @rahul correct, to restore an app you need an internet connection. @brent we are running a near stock rom. we have every reason to believe the pebble app should work just fine on robin.
@rahul as i understand it, without a data connection of some kind (mobile/wifi) we won't be able to get back the greyed-out content. but as you say, it's an extreme scenario @ brent i'm using pebble (awesome piece of kit imho) and am 100% sure it'll be compatible with robin
slightly over $7k to our robin tee...i can almost feel it!!!
@creator - late to join the party, just curious if this would be compatible with both the pebble series, android smartwatches (i'm 99% sure this is a given) and what about the apple smartwatch?  i've been eying the deus ex aria (gesture control) and thus far been learning towards the pebble time.  but first i want to make sure everything will work well together.  cheers and congrats!  brent
guys a question.. lets assume i am out on a trip where there is no mobile data network and one of my app that i have very rarely used is greyed out and i did not pin that app as well coz i thought it won't be of much use to me.. but now i suddenly want that app.. then how do i recover it.. i need an internet connection right.. else i cannot download.. am i correct? i know this is an extremely rare situation when such things happen but just want to know what happens.. will i be stuck..?
guys a question.. lets assume i am out on a trip where there is no mobile data network and one of my app that i have very rarely used is greyed out and i did not pin that app as well coz i thought it won't be of much use to me.. but now i suddenly want that app.. then how do i recover it.. i need an internet connection right.. else i cannot download.. am i correct?  i know this is an extremely rare situation when such things happen but just want
@nextbit i must say that you guys are amazing!  when i started my robin ride i thought: cool a phone that offers me a dropbox like experience bundled with a new phone, neat. only afterwards did i understand your thoughts behind the smart cloud, which is great! you came up with a new understanding if the cloud and we just took our old thoughts and experiences for granted. thanks for being bold! i like the cloud idea behind robin but even more so do i admire your openness, communication with the community and not giving up on us backers even though we thought we bought a ticket to another ride! do i sill hope for usb-otg? yes, let me say why :)  out on a photo shoot with just my camera and my phone. i'll have the option of downloading pictures to my phone and send them directly to the client without having to find my laptop. but no matter what am i exhilarated to be called  rebel  jetzon  bats nextbitch  whatever keep on the rocking!
sorry, if i repeated these questions. will there be a launcher/apk to facilitate the cloud logic in robin when a user change the rom to something else?  i believe this functionality will be gone once we switch to another rom, right? i bet this "cloud offload" thing is done the offloading smartly and without user interaction.  will there be an interface which we can search on to look for our needed stuff? thanks!
@andreja @mark @kavya @abe  thanks for the support! we’re glad you’re as excited as we are :) you’re all amazing. @mike  we don’t currently back up videos, but we are compatible with google’s drm scheme. @fedor you totally get it :)
seems like quite a few people dropped their early bird pledge. maybe the announcement of shipping all the phones out early detracted from the early adopters plans to resell the phone?
@angelo brown let's say you are out camping and run out of space while taking pictures. robin will be smart and has already backed up your content to the cloud before you left. so as you continuously take pictures your last used apps will turn into shadow apps. this will clear space so you can continue to take awesome pictures as you go.
@abe omg nextbitches is catching on
if you take a step back and see how much nextbit has accomplished and offers for its rebels: first in smart cloud storage integration. reached support in australia. certifying tmobile band 12 volte. supported verizon. supported sprint. allowed fans to help participate in creating a unique kickstarter colorway. trying to send all phones out by january 2016. i know this is a newer company, going through kickstarter, but you tell me what company is doing all they can to make sure their users/fans/customers have a voice and is heard??? i'd gladly invest in this company and wait 4 months for the robin. nextbitches out.
@mike i remember nextbit saying photos, videos, & apps will be backed up, but not music.
well said, mark! totally agree.
why are these people backing out? i dont comment as much , but im still excited about the product .the creators have  been very interactive and are obviously invested in there product they have done nothing, but make the product better by getting verizon, sprint and most carriers on board the color contest is interesting though im happy with the mint. if we get updates and support for 2 years i will be very happy. there is no way that i'm backing out! plus a pledge is a pledge to me once you make a promise you keep it.
@abe oh ok sorry than. :).
just verify, videos will not be backed up?
woohooo!! can't wait for january ;)
@casualt @hari you can always access your storage on your phone. and we’re working on a web experience for photo access. since photos are the first thing we will be storing, we will have a place for you to manage your account and access photos. robin automatically backs up your apps and photos whenever you’re connected to power and wi-fi. @j.s. we’ll know more about battery life closer to when robin ships. @yasser for security and privacy we make use of highest industry standards. your data will never leave your phone over and unsecured line and your data will be encrypted. @isaiah lol!!!
@angelo i am sorry there is no such thing as a stupid ? thats trolling
how about (affectionately) nextbitches?  or robin backwards: nibons. also any hope for getting a look at what the camera module can do?
i'm getting tired of all the repetitive question and just plain stupid questions.  someone did ask an interesting question and now i have a question.  i apologize if it's been ask already.  is there a small amount of storage space on the phone?  someone mentioned "say your camping and you are taking awesome pictures and you don't have internet connection.  what happens.. this is not a trick question i'm all in just want to know the results,  thanks guys and i believe that all your combined yours of experience is going to create an amazing phone.
@casualt @nextbit i think a complete video demo of the hardware and software on the robin before oct 1 would be great
i think i'm gonna release my early adopter pledge at 8 eastern.
@hari. i don't think they have a fully working unit. they keep demoing stuff on a nexus 5. so i don't know if they even know what type of playback quality there is going to be :) robin will sync with google play store so hopefully the setup guide will allow to restore your google account and this would include your current apps on your current android phone.
@yasser. they said encrypt in active and rested states. so yes it will be encrypted.
thanks kasper. would love the feature to self upload to the cloud manually... i honestly doubt very much i'd go over 32gb. but i would like to use the cloud for pictures i might want to access at different times. i mean it is "my" storage is it not? should i not be able to manage it myself? and be able to access it from my computer to say put photos from my computer onto my "cloud" and then have access to open them from the "cloud" on my computer. i just don't get it.
how secure is our data!? i am a blackberry user and i like the idea of robin but in concern about security level! are you going to encrypt our data for protection?!
@nextbit :) thank you!
@nextbit how is the audio playback quality? and is there a way we can restore our current phone apps o the robin?
@casualt as i understood it: everything is backed up automaticly. you just decide at what circumstances you want robin to upload your stuff (e.g. default would be when you have wlan connection and plugged in the charger). i guess you will also be able to force the upload if you decide to do so.
@nextbit will we know more about battery life before the campaign ends? like how long it will last playing music, on calls, video play time, browsing... and what company will supply the lcd screen?
@marcus. thank you! :)
also can we back up stuff to the cloud when we want vs only when we running out of space???
from the campaign faqs: does robin record 4k video? yes! there was some confusion around this earlier in the campaign, but we are happy to announce that you will be able to record 4k video.
@seyha i am not sure if the camera can shoot 4k. i am pretty sure it won't be able to...
@seyha i welcome it, but at this current juncture, it wouldn't be feasible for them. i'm sure nextbit will take that feedback into consideration for future iterations. trust me, i've asked this in the beginning and the way they've designed the phones, this is the best combination of specs. at the end of the day, i feel as though the phone will be a pleasant surprised for users who experience the storage cap crises. so, no, no one is upset at the idea of 64gb storage. they're just saying it's not possible at this point, so we've stop asking :).
@sergio garcia - coincidentally, i received one earlier today as well. they did the same thing to me last year. when i really wanted to buy one (the one plus one), it wasn't available to purchase, then when it finally was, i had already bought another smartphone. if i'm going to wait, i rather have the right/best thing. so, i'll wait for robin. still got my g4 anyway.
sound like people maybe upset if nextbit can come with 64gb. if it come with 64gb on phone + other 100 gb cloud is even better right? wait and see when you go camping for 3 days no internet and start taking good picture and video also 4k too and run out that 32gb who will be funny.
basically and simply it's like having a smart 100+gb smartphone now, with added expansion probably coming it will be able to surpass even 128gb.  i remember hearing about 1t even being an option.  anyone else there yet?  no.
@nextbit thanks for the clarification and transparency! i'm looking greatly forward becoming friends with robin! though i would have loved the usb-otg features for the mentioned photography reasons.  good night europe!
awesome my question got missed by creator. also will their be a way to access our storage on our computer like on a online website??? or will it just be from our phones?
100g+ for now; could grow if need arises.  nextbit has said this several times.
@fedor duhrmann think that won't happen unless possibly you are close to 100gb+ storage.  so you have a 100gb+ thinking phone vs. a non-thinking 64gb phone.
@all  we’re closing the community color contest today. thanks to all who submitted their #robincolor. we’re pulling five designs together now for our community vote! @rahul  yes, you are correct. robin automatically backs up your apps and photos whenever you’re connected to power and wi-fi. @fedor correct, no manually offloading. however, you are able to pull your apps and photos from the cloud when you need it. lastly, you need to use the robin os to seamlessly integrate to our cloud storage. @jonathan  we have dual front-facing speakers and we're anticipating great sounds. @sergio we’d love to have you on this journey with us! :) @kasper for sure, it’s your phone, you should be able to do what you want with it: no bloat ware, unlocked bootloader, you're ok with other roms :) also, at this point, we do not plan on support usb otg but thanks for your suggestion @ameet you will have to press and click the fingerprint sensor/power button to wake up robin. @noorulabdeen yes you can you google photos or google play music if you’d like. the difference is we are not a cloud storage company or service like amazon or google drive. we use cloud storage in a smarter way to augment your on-device storage, not just as a container to hold your stuff. we aren't just backing up all your stuff to our cloud service (yes we do that), but once we know it's backed up we can also remove unused apps, photos, etc off your robin to clear space for new things. but we leave a shadow of all the things we've removed so you can easily restore them back to your phone. and to you last question, you will always be able to finish recording your video with robin; you’ll never run out of space. however it is important to note that robin automatically backs up your apps and photos whenever you’re connected to power and wi-fi. @luna yes robin will come with its own ui/launcher. and yes, we have the aosp messaging app.
@abe chung good answer for @seyha.  spot on.
@abe but think about longer hiking trips with only data available, so being out in the wilderness, capturing 4k videos and then you are suddenly out of space. well, no worries as everything is already in the cloud. just getting some desired apps downloaded in these situations might be dataheavy. but then again, if you go prepared, nobody should fear that.  @casualt i was wondering the same about roms.  @nextbit let's say we use a custom rom and a custom launcher (throwing all your great software and ui design away :'( - just a hypnosis) would the seamless cloud integration and greyed out apps still work the same was as with "vanilla" robin's os?
@abe yes i agree that is very good for backup which i love it too. but to get them out cloud during no wifi you have to download it too. my current phone i use about 40gb keep some music video and game. i just will be happier if next but come with 64gb on phone :)
would it be possible to record a video, without losing all our apps. what i'm trying to ask here is that if i run out of space and i am recording a video, and i have pinned certain apps, could the video continue to record and upload directly to the cloud as it is being recorded or only afterwards?
or the nextbites!
we are the hoods!
@seyha agreed that 64gb for local storage is indeed the best number (for me). to assuage your concerns, the cloud offloading only happens during charging over wifi daily. therefore, your battery and data won't be affected. so, in essence, you really can look at the phone as having 100gb, thus solving the storage/space issue.
i think 64gb storage is so much better than 32gb. i know there are 100 gb cloud store but remember to use cloud always have to use internet data sometime it is very limited of that :(. 4k video is very big file too. i hope creator can think of upgrade from 32gb to 64gb please.
@ kasper i think if we were to flash a new rom we would lose the cloud functionality...
i am curious. this is food for thought. i am not sure anyone has thought about this... heaven for bid this actually happend.. but! if nextbit went bankrupt or for some reason was no longer a company... what happens to all the storage in the cloud? are we then left with a phone with only 32gb of storage?????????????????
man, what's with all of the early adaptor slots opening up today? kavya beat me by seconds this morning. been bummed i missed it and then another one randomly opens up while i'm on break! can't complain i suppose. a week of refreshing way too much has paid off.
hey guys, here's another submission: http://imgur.com/req6cct.
@hl, i like the smarties too...it crowd is a great show
i think a point to make about storage is it won't work like current.common storage, i.e. sd card storage, like many uninformed people all over the web claim.  it usages storage in a smart way making your phone a smarter smartphone.
congrats @bricio garcia
i believe you are able to remove and replace apps as to your choosing on robin.  that's a feature of it not being tied to a carrier; i.e. unlocked.
what about the "it crowd"? https://www.youtube.com/watch… ... nope? ok. i actually like smarties the best. smarties it is.
with that said you will be able to install any messenger app you prefer, you will not be locked into the one on os.
@luna ui/launcher is being looked at i believe and google stock messenger app could be hangouts perhaps, but i haven't seen that.
@nextbit will robin have its own ui/launcher...i'm curious about its stock messaging app.
@noonulabdeen ahmad that is possible, as it's your phone,  the robin cloud still be used to manage apps too.
could we just use google photos to back up our images and videos instead of using robin's storage, and could we just use google music to playback our audio files from the cloud? like that way we could optimize our device to have the most amount of storage at all possible times :)
got the early adopter pledge woohoo!
@tyler show google music is really something i should have known about, thanks for the tip! @dennis thanks, will look into that too, though i'd like to not have yet another subscription going on.  @kaspar feer really no usb-otg? never thought that that would be a thing!  @nextbit is there really no usb-otg? but that is really handy f.e. to remotely control dslr cameras or transfer pictures from an cf memory card. think of us photographers :)
@ameet not on screen, but wake with power switch and finger scanner combined.
is double tap to wake feature available?
@sergio @kaspar @sean awesome, guys!
@sergio garcia i switched last year from the htc m8 to the iphone 6 plus. i've been looking for a replacement ever since. i looked when samsung released their phone, when one plus 2 was announced, i requested an invite. i was even looking reading the rumors about the upcoming new nexus phones and the future qualcomm snapdragon 820 smartphone potentials. but then i heard about this small little project from nextbit with talented people including scott (loved that m8!) and was intrigued. i saw the robin and i was sold. i found my replacement and can't wait to see how nextbit grows. i'm definitely a jetzon/rebel going forward. in short, i'm with @dennis in saying  you did the right thing!
hey there! i just want to say two things: i'm pleased with a lot that you are going for with robin and also with your young talent-fueled company nextbit in general. the main reason i backed was that you give us control over our phone, which in my opinion should be standard, but sadly it's a big thing if someone does it. so thank you for that! i just say: no bloat ware, unlocked bootloader, you're ok with other roms, thank god! i'm also keen on the cloud stuff.  especially if you manage to give us the ability to work with our own cloud. it opens up to alot of possibilities. anyway i have also the mention a personal big minus which i found out in some older comment. robin doesn't support usb-otg....? i didn't even think about to ask because i thought it's a obvious standard thing, especially if you don't add a top of the line stand-alone dac. you see where i'm getting there: i can understand why you don't have a "expensive" dac in robin (although i'd rather had that than a "good" camera or stereo speakers. i mean you only need speakers to listen to the voice you're talking to. no one would ever listen music/watch tv or something with mobile phone speakers, right?), but please give us the possibility to connect our own dac if we wish so. usb-otg also means more control for us. i'm really confused why this wasn't a big concern on the comment section here. thank you nextbit, i think you can go far!
let's stay classy, robin rebellion. we've got mint and midnight.  how about merlot? http://imgur.com/45idcpc
@sergio garcia you nailed it!
we can take a page out of google's book with the candy/sweets naming convention for android and call ourselves smarties.  this is after all the smarter smartphone.  we must be smarter consumers.
just received a one plus 2 invite. i've waited this long for it, i might as well wait for a the robin. a much better phone.
how about robin catchers?
let's call ourselves day dreamers.
@tylerscow @fedor duhrmann also, amazon prime has a good app for that for subscribers, which includes videos, expedited 2 day shipping as additional features for a minimal yearly fee, in usa anyways.  imagine it is available in other countries as well.
the simple solution to those with issues regarding music backups and such, just use google music, its free, you can store 50,000 songs. you also can choose to just stream them or download some or all of them to your phone. pretty great really.
@jonathan laks i expect with the speaker design and separate amps as well as the desire and ambition for nextbit to build something they would want as a daily driver we can expect awesome sound out of robin.  but, you are right little has been said.
i had a thought on names playing off d'don's jetsons suggestion. rudis after george's work computer/best friend. i also really like the scouts idea
@nextbit  i have heard a lot about the camera and the quality of the photos, but i have yet to hear about the quality of sound from video recordings. i have a htc one m7 and love the quality of the sound my phone can take at concerts, almost nothing is distorted. hoping that the robin will have similar quality! thanks
@nextbit so i can't just offload my music manually and then download it when i want to listen to a specific song / album / whatever?
@y'all rebel backer supporters, etc.  wuzzup?
@lars - thanks :d
@nextbit, oh no manual archiving? interesting. thanks for the clarification.
@nextbit will the pinned apps be also backed up on cloud like all other apps but will not be moved to cloud.. am i correct?
@nextbit, thanks for the clarifications :)
@all  great community name recommendations so far! :) @suketu  we don't support manual archiving. @jason we’re working on a web experience for photo access. @hl we’re open to community suggestions. rebels is just a starting off point ;) @wilson  we’re promising january. no specific updates to report at this time. we’ll be sure to keep the community in the loop. @senthil we’re working to make robin more widely available. thanks for your feedback. stay tuned. @victor you have to press and hold to turn on robin. and you will have to press and click to wake up robin. @gero  making a custom launcher is a good way to showcase our experience.  we also know that custom launchers are a very important feature.  many of us use them as well.  we are working hard to make sure our cloud features works as expected, regardless of launcher. @papa kwame @mark we’re working on accessories now. thanks for your suggestion. @minh-tri you have a total of 100gb of storage in the cloud with 32gb local on your phone. @hari @kavya yes, in the survey you’ll be able to make changes post-kickstarter. @aaron no, robin's cloud software will not delete songs from local storage as you approach the limit.
@mark schwacofer case yes, screen protector, not sure. i'm sure there will be third-party vendors that would produce screen protectors. all of these things will be available via survey add-on at the end of campaign.
will there be an option to buy just a case and a screen protector?
@nextbit- curious about a previous comment mentioning the launcher: will the "pin" function as well as cloud backup work with third party launchers? (assuming that robin supports third party launchers?)
looks like the publicity is starting to show itself, the number of backers starting to go up again, let's go!
hey rahul, indeed :) thanks..  :)
hey kavya glad to hear u got an early adopter spot. now that should put ur concerns to rest about it being a little expensive when it ships to india as u just saved an extra $50 :)
@d'don wow, nice job man! a lot of thought and research went into that one, so props to you! plus i definitely like what you came up with, so +1!
yay! i just nabbed an early adopter spot! can't wait to replace my galaxy s3!
@kavya  - lol. right
i was just wondering something else, sorry to interrupt any chain of thought.  will it be "the robin" or simply "robin"? i'd personally prefer the latter! that makes the phone more... personal?  and secondly - if we pin apps, they still get clouded, right?
@d'don, yeah..  it's pretty evident from your near essay-length comment ;)  it's appreciable :)
@hari, no..  i got the other early adopter slot. well, if nextbit has confirmed, then it's good enough :)
@kavya - thanks so much! i put a lot of thought and research into it.
@kavya you got verizon too? as i said, i confirmed with them before getting it
@nextbit why did you go for a launcher based cloud implementation rather than a system one. with the sytem one once its being backed up a new apk with a desaturated icon is compiled which provides no activity but code to trigger a cloud download. on click of this app the app would be downloaded and be replaced by the actual app again. this way the cloud implementation is launcher independent. we would need a sepaate app for managing the cloud though. but i think the functions of the fab could be included in the storage overview app. off couse things like the download progress bar would have to be in a notification but if you really need that you can still use the launcher.
i like jetzons :)
@d'don, wow!! (claps)
@nextbit - i have two great names. i like rebels, but i feel like that's overused. everyone uses that. so i came up with the jetsons. i know there might be copyright issues, so we can simply change the s to a z, like "jetzons." so "the jetzons" would be the name. i used jetsons because the jetsons lived in the sky. so sky -> the cloud. that's where our apps and this intelligent techonolgy lived. the jetsons were also technologically advanced, from every aspect. they were the future. and even the z is a great modifications because it gets. jets fly in the sky and through clouds "robin andthe cloud." zon according to merriam-webster dictionary can refer to zone -> zonal. zonal is relating to or having different areas, a particular zone, having the form of a zone. we are in the clouds, the jet zone, where the clouds are, the jetson ~ jetzons. the other one is "the millennials." that's self explanatory, but looking at the research of what that is and how millenials are with technology, i quote from "what is.techtarget" -> " millennials grew up with computers, the internet and the graphical user interface (gui). this familiarity makes them adept at understanding interfaces and visual languages. they tend to adjust readily to new programs, operating systems (os ) and devices and to perform computer-based tasks more quickly than older generations. although it’s been proven that multitasking is not usually an effective way to work, millennials may be the employees that are most likely to pull it off. in schooling, the technology focus increased in programming. millennials can also very dependent on the internet for learning how to do things. when their computers or devices don’t work they often need some form of assistance to troubleshoot and correct these issues without the aid of the internet. in contrast, the technically-inclined members of generation x may have started when electronics were hobby kits and the best gaming machines were unquestionably self-built computers. that starting point often meant generation x has a deeper understanding of programming and hardware issues." -> hence - robin ~ the cloud ~ technologically advanced ~ tech/android enthusiast. had to repost, so they can see better. meant to @ them initially. my bad.
i have two great names. i like rebels, but i feel like that's overused. everyone uses that. so i came up with the jetsons. i know there might be copyright issues, so we can simply change the s to a z, like "jetzons." so "the jetzons" would be the name. i used jetsons because the jetsons lived in the sky. so sky -> the cloud. that's where our apps and this intelligent techonolgy lived. the jetsons were also technologically advanced, from every aspect. they were the future. and even the z is a great modifications because it gets. jets fly in the sky and through clouds "robin andthe cloud." zon according to merriam-webster dictionary can refer to zone -> zonal.  zonal is relating to or having different areas, a particular zone, having the form of a zone. we are in the clouds, the jet zone, where the clouds are, the jetson ~ jetzons. the other one is "the millennials." that's self explanatory, but looking at the research of what that is and how millenials are with technology, i quote from "what is.techtarget" -> " millennials grew up with computers, the internet and the graphical user interface (gui). this familiarity makes them adept at understanding interfaces and visual languages. they tend to adjust readily to new programs, operating systems (os ) and devices and to perform computer-based tasks more quickly than older generations. although it’s been proven that multitasking is not usually an effective way to work, millennials may be the employees that are most likely to pull it off. in schooling, the technology focus increased in programming. millennials can also very dependent on the internet for learning how to do things. when their computers or devices don’t work they often need some form of assistance to troubleshoot and correct these issues without the aid of the internet. in contrast, the technically-inclined members of generation x may have started when electronics were hobby kits and the best gaming machines were unquestionably self-built computers. that starting point often meant generation x has a deeper understanding of programming and hardware issues." -> hence - robin ~ the cloud ~ technologically advanced ~ tech/android enthusiast.
the verizon special description says it only ships to the us. makes sense since it's verizon special. so i'm a bit confused with @hari's comment too.
@nextbit i am  super excited about your project since i backed it the 3rd of september and pls correct me if i am wrong... the verizon version couldn't be changed for gsm or ...? would be nice to let us know if you changed your mind about it. so i would have taken the verizon early adopter (available a little while ago) myself. :(
yippeeee!!  i got an early adopter spot ^_^
@nextbit i use google play all access for music streaming, and frequently "pin" songs so that they download to my device. this usually takes up a good fraction of my local storage. could robin's cloud software be smart enough to delete just my least-listened songs from local storage as i approach the limit? could i even identify albums to never delete, similar to how apps are pinned to the device? and in this case, perhaps you would not need to back up to the 100gb nextbit cloud since google is already storing everything. thanks! can't wait to see this device when it's ready.
@nextbit  the nextbit sheeple?
one early left... ;o)
considering the old nextbit logo was a sheep and there is a sheep toy, it would make sense to call us sheep / flockers / wool pack... but uh... we all know how that sounds. the commanding, leader version would be "shepherds" or "herders" which wouldn't be so bad though. but cloud related instead... i like "overcasters" - the bigger our collective cloud, the bigger our shadow (impact in the market) others could be: "weather fronters" "storm bringers" "nebul(as)(ars)(ers)?" thinking of names kills 30mins of your time before you've even realised it.
@abe yes, i have a mail from them as backup.
there is a lot of talk about the storage. let's pause for a moment and think about what is so revolutionary here. the cloud is the storage medium, and by definition it is elastic. it can grow (or shrink) when necessary. the 100gb that nextbit is, for the most part, just a "tangible" figure. a number that that have put out there to give some sense of size... but in all reality, it is going to move and grow as you need it. they have talked about expanding within reason (a generous reason)... but if your usage dictates some very large capacity, they would allow for a paid tier that is well above the average users needs...
oh? they're letting verizon early adopters opt for gsm model? interesting. i wonder if they going to set up a flash sale for sprint users. if so, it would definitely push past  $1.25m
@abe i had mailed them before going for it..they said i can change in the survey.
@micah pegman, yeah, i assumed so. i just don't remember what number they settled on.
@abe chung  nextbit just took the average to give a hard number.  the actual storage will vary by +5 gb or -5 gb.  so 105 to 115 gb of storage realistically.
@hari, i'm not sure if works that way. the verizon early adopter special was done through a flash sale because verizon customers did not have a chance (at the time), to grab an early adopter price. @nextbit, could you please confirm?
yaaaaay :-) i'm an early adopter..verizon model..hope i can change to a gsm on the survey @nextbit ?? couldnt resist .
@minh-tri le and @micah pegman both true. the only reason why they both can be true, because when the cloud storage works seemlessly with the phone, it's as if you have 100gb, but to micah's point, you have 32gb local storage, and 100gb cloud storage. because it's not a legacy-type of cloud storage, it'll feel as if you have 100gb. but when all storage is laid out (minus the system data), you'll have like 110gb, i think? @nextbit mentioned this a while back.
@gero yes the system does take up usable storage, but you also can't think of it as 132 gb total.  part of the 100 gb is going to be the backup of the phone.  but it's not going to be a perfect 32 gb backup, and the more you put on the phone the more gets backed up.
@abe indeed, still a shame that some people don't take the time to do some reading and start proclaiming that it will use up your data plan. that said, great interview and article, i'm sure the publicity will be felt here!
@minh-tri le  it's 32 gb on the phone and 100 gb in the cloud.  there will be some overlap with, so somewhere between 100 and 132 gb in actual space.  it depends on how much you have in the cloud and on the local device.
one verizon left... go for it :d
@minh-tri a total of 132 gb, but you will have less in the end since the system takes away some storage!
just to clarify...we have 32 gb on the phone and then another 100 gb of cloud storage for a total of 132 gb? or a grand total of 100 gb?
hey guys, look at this pretty awesome article, post android central nextbit hangout session: http://www.androidcentral.com/three-huge-takeaways-our-nextbit-interview looks like it's stirring up some nice press for nextbit!
how about bats? robin will be our trustworthy sidekick afterall :p
@nextbit +1 to rebels what about this? : nextbiter.
@chad kemp @abe chung thank you for clarifying. i can't wait for my robin. @nextbit has my support
@chad kemp well put! i think you certainly can manually put things into the cloud; however, it's supposed to learn what apps you frequently use/don't use and adjusts the storage  that way (when you're over wifi/charging). however, as @chad explains, the best part is you don't have to think about it because the robin will be doing that for you. of course if you want to pin an app so it doesn't offload into the cloud, you're certainly allowed to do so!
@oliver richetti the cloud is meant to be a seamless integration with the phone. so the idea is that you just use the phone like you would any other device. just store stuff willy-nilly. when space starts to get tight, it will do all of the thinking for you. the idea is to not have to think about it. the use-case you refer to is the legacy device-to-cloud management flow that they are working to obsolete. thinking about what you want to have synced and when is something that you should not have to worry about with your phone. just take pictures, videos, etc. when the opportunity presents itself. rely on robin to make sure you don't run out of space. that said, there are plenty of other cloud storage (think of these like lockers) solutions out there. dropbox, box, onedrive, google drive, etc... but this goes back to the days when you had a 4gb ipod and you had to plug it into your computer, sift through itunes and decide what music you wanted to put on, and what to take off... annoying right? robin closes this gap.
@tyler scow tell your friend that nextbit is using amazon's cloud (not google). to that end, if you have an mp4 of, say, casino royale stored there, there is no way to know that it wasn't simply your own offsite backup copy from the dvd you got for christmas 3 years ago. now... if you were to somehow use this cloud storage to stream the content freely to anyone on the internet, then there would certainly be some questions. but just storing mp4s, there should be little to worry about.
@tyler scow all ur information is encrypted. they will not know what's on your device or what you have stored in the cloud. the algorithm baked in to the os decides what to back up regardless of the nature or means of acquisition of the data.
how about rebellions?
trying to beat around the bush here with asking this question.. but lets say the 100gb is used to store videos, that may or may not have been acquired other ways than official purchases. are these items then going to be reported? (asking for a friend) :) or since its part of google storage would it then just be based off the google terms of service i guess?
@creator, are we in anyway getting any earpiece?
@k5cents yes but not the volume buttons. on the latest interview they did all buttons were coloured, which looked very elegant.
@victor reid you need to push. they've clarified that yesterday i think.
@deniz if you look on the kickstarter main landing page, you can clearly see the coloured power button in a few of the pictures of the midnight version. the cup-holder one for example.
question for @nextbit. i understand that the cloud will take affect once you start to run out of memory. my question is can you still use and access the cloud from the getgo? can i manually add apps and photos to the cloud? also when i take a picture will i have the option to automatically send it to the cloud so it doesn't save a physical copy on the phone and use up space?
will the robin turn on by just putting you finger on the scanner? or will you have to press the button too?
@nextbit i noticed on the hangouts interview that the midnight version of the robin had mint power and volume buttons, which differs from the renders on the kickstarter page. are the renders on this page the most accurate? (p.s i much prefer all the buttons being coloured :-)
@ste ven yep! at the end of campaign, a survey will allow you to choose which charger is applicable for your region. and congrats on securing an early backer spot!
@creator do the eu backers get an eu adapter with their charger? (two round pins)
woohoo! i got myself an early bird ticket!
@kavya yep, you're right.
am i imagining stuff, or is it really that the pledged amount has come down from 1.227 to 1.225? :s
+1 for rebels my suggestion - reds two reasons - robin is the red coloured bird - original soundtrack for blade runner (and i love it) was released on red vinyl :)
@benoit fortier that's nice too. +1 for that. plus don't the boy scouts also do bird watching? there's a lot of "bird" watching here. ;) sidenote: nexus on the mint back is real. shots fired at nexbit! source: http://www.androidpolice.com/2015/09/23/exclusive-behold-the-leaked-press-renders-of-lgs-nexus-5x-in-white-black-and-greenish-blue/
what about "scouts" since we are the first to set foot in the "cloud phone" territory?
utopians - idealistic reformers. which is kinda self explanatory
btw, we're probably going to reach $1.25mil by the 27th.
i'm down for rebels. +1 to that.
i'm still thinking of names. but i came up with 1st drafts (drafts is a current of cool air -> that goes to the cloud -> robin + cloud storage. also, we are the 1st to see it for robin, we are the 1st who picked it, early backers, etc.), cloud drivers (we are the drivers of the cloud technology), visionaries (a person with original ideas about what the future will or could be like -> the future is robin, we are the android enthusiast to see that), something with the word "breeze" because it represents air, being cool and collective, idk.
+1 with deniz's "dreamers" ^^
@nextbit what about "'jubilants '"
@fat benjamin adreno 418 i believe
haha! that was me that jumped the gun on the tee @nextbit. guess i just got too excited. kinda like when a puppy pees a little when excited.
+1 for rebels!
don't know if i missed this but what is the graphics chip in robin?
what about batty's?
@senthil the micro sim is what your current phone uses (and most android phones use that size) to connect to data and voice of your carrier and there are three sizes. you just need to go to your carrier and ask them to change yours to a nano or you can cut it, there are many tutorials on youtube about how to.
how about dreamers - because we're all up in the cloud :-p
the word that best describes us is "hatchlings" 1) connection to the robin bird. 2) this is a new idea being hatched. 3) we are the first to support it. but i'll try to think of something cooler sounding. ;-)
@senthil - the normal version of robin, i.e the original (not the newly announced cdma version) will work all arund the world and is supported on vodafone in india. the cdma version is pretty much usa only (specific for sprint and verizon users).
hi i just have a quick question , i am one of the backers and i am from india , actually pretty excited to get my hands on robin ;) .  we don't use at&t or verizon here in india and the network i am using is vodafone and its a micro sim . my doubt is though whether our robin will support it else its of no use to me right :(
@nextbit concerning names, and i am taking it directly from one of my favorite heroes growing up, is the "merry men." of course we aren't all men here so there is room for change there. this is what robin hood's band was called. "robin's band are called "merry men" in the oldest known robin hood ballad, 'robin hood and the monk'" from wikipedia of course.
when will be 1st 1000 device out? the beginning/mid/end of jan 2016??
@jason second your question, been wondering for a while also. thought it beats the concept though, think nextbit would realise that would make robin one of the cheapest cloud solution provider rather than a factionless leader (sorry being the nasty person i am i couldn't stop having a laugh about being branded a rebel for following a kickstarter campaign), but a solution that can push files to the desktop in the manner of pushbullet would definitely come in handy! or maybe they prohibit uploads through the web interface? really curious how the team structures this.
haven't seen anything about this yet - will there be a webapp/website like google photos where we can see/download/share stored images that are in the cloud?
rebels!!!
i agree brightness should be adjustable but i disagree with jerry, alot of phones ive had and ive had many,,,, alot of them do not get bright enough and you can't see diddly when the sun is out. so please make the brightness bright. plus any phone with lollipop the screen turns off after 30 secs unless you change it in settings. would be nice though if notifications could be shut off or if you had a system like sony where the notifications were set to lights and you could tell if it was a text or email by the color of the lights.
totally off topic but the attack on titan live action movie is really bad /:
@rebels @creator in terms of cloud backups, will we be able to manually offload apps? kind of the opposite of pinning apps? i know it defeats the purpose of a smart smartphone but it would be nice to have an option like that.
@nextbit awesome! and good morning from norway!  ps: onwards fellow rebels :)
@fedor we've been thinking that too! after the campaign ends we will work on something.
one last post for the night. something new for us all to think about as the color contest is drawing to a close. we often want to address all the commenters or backers as a community. currently we've all taken to using @all to do this, but we can do better! we are not a generic "all," we are a movement, right? we need a way to address each other, and the group as a whole. marvel has "true believers", firefly has "brown coats", what should nextbit and robin fans be called? here at nextbit we're big fans of blade runner. but we probably don't want to call each other replicants, or rachaels, or nexuses. are we sevens? are we deckards?  even though robin is many things besides being a bird, we still looked up what a group of robins it called. it's a round. we don't want to be rounds, do we? so what are we to be called, dear bold adventurers? a suggestion to start you off: rebels.
@nextbit it would be fun to get a map at the end of the campaign to see where the robins are being deployed to :)
@jerry that's a good point. it's a challenge to contrast the notification led working at an outdoor cafe in the california sun and in a dark room for sleeping. we will ask how we're solving that. @nando we absolutely have a light sensor and will automatically dim the screen in low ambient light. because we are using an lcd screen, not oled, changing the color temperature would not reduce battery usage any further. we're not at t-shirt totals just yet (seems like someone read 1,225 as 1,250), but we're close. we're doing everything we can to get us there, and to 1.5 and beyond.
@herman we're definitely sure we got your submission this time. can't wait for the live action movie to come to the us!
@nextbit congrats on reaching another stretch goal,  onward past $1.5m.  git'r'dun!? @jason yeomans  plastic body.
what is body of the phone made of?  is it aluminum? plastic?
hi nextbit, not sure if you've received my robin community colour submission earlier as i haven't seen it on your pinterest. here's the updated version http://imgur.com/dviekaa - inspired by the survey corps from attack on titan (shingeki no kyojin) series
@vincent, i am thinking the notification leds.  i worked on product design for a htpc and we couldn't convince the hardware guys to tone down the blue led on the front, it was blinding even during the day, and at night, it would take a piece of electrical tape to make it acceptable.
hi nextbit, not sure if you've received my robin community colour submission earlier as i haven't seen it on your pinterest. http://imgur.com/pqujkvc - inspired by the survey corps from attack on titan (shingeki no kyojin) series
@jerry turner the phone is running basically stock android, which comes with a brightness adjustment slider option on the notification grid. i may be wrong but i also think there is an auto brightness buit into android.
@nextbit is there gonna be any kind of built in notes app?
you mentioned two front facing speakers, is it the one on upper and lower section considered the two? also about the brightness, please take the phone and put it in a pitch black room. if the phone lights up the ceiling or walls it is two bright.  please give us a way to adjust the brightness or have it be based on the ambient light.  i have had too many phones that i had to put a sock over to keep it from keeping me or my wife up at night.  at night the leds should almost be off, or very low.
proud backer and proud of all the progress, was wondering if you guys would consider ambient mode for the screen display at night time so it changes the color temperature on the screen at night automatically to lower the brightness on the screen and to save precious battery life of course.
i just watched the hangout. every time i hear you guys talk i become more confident about nextbit. i feel lucky to play a small part in the kickoff of your first of many devices. out of all the crowdfunding i have backed this is the very first time i feel that i'm going to get what i backed and on time. that has never happened. i thank-you all for your hard work and dedication. canada awaits the robin
yes! t-shirt..it's the little things that make me happy
@nextbit thought so..definitely makes sense. thanks for the confirmation!
wow! a lot happened while i was at work today! good to see things moving along. and yay to the t-shirt!
@simon  thanks for your support and kind words. we’re all about transparency and listening to community feedback. @abe  no the cloud charger does not illuminate. food for thought! also no plans for separate matching cable/charger at this time. @frankie  check out our cases in update #4: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/posts/1354076 @dennis @d'don  don’t forget all backers get a t-shirt since we hit our $1.25 million stretch goal: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/posts/1354076. and thanks to awesome backers like you now every robin comes with a quick charger, as seen in update #6 https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/posts/1361787. @mark  we’re working hard to get those devices out to you guys! @jerry  thanks for your feedback!
i'm just happy that nextbit is doing all they can to get this device in the hands of their backers and other consumers as soon as possible. we have to remember that the longer they hold back, the more dated the hardware becomes. being able to deliver quickly in this industry is of importance to the success of the company in the future. i'm already thinking about robin 2!
@frankie see "one million! new stretch goals and cases." article under "updates," above where you enter comments.
if @nextbit decides to ship all phones by january great! that would make them over-deliver, which is a plus for all. plus, the way i interpreted scott's statement, the early adopters will definitely be the first batch to be shipped, but they are planning to get all the batches out by end of january/february. also, @nextbit, i thought up a couple of other designs. not quite exactly mint/midnight, but a spin off of it, inspired by one of the backers. i call them harbour bay and harbour mist! http://imgur.com/a/9akrg
i just watched your android central presentation, and wanted to just say - well done!  the phone looks great, and the fact that you have a working prototype of the software, and one of the hardware is awesome. one thing i was thinking that you could do for a good app to sell, or provide free for those that own the phone, would be a migration tool.  something that would back up your apps, settings, data, and other information on the phone to the cloud storage, and then when you log into your robin, you get an option to just migrate back to the phone. make moves to the robin seamless with the use of your cloud storage!
@nick cancillia i disagree. i have the early bird special, but because i have to choose the verizon model, it means that i would have to wait until february. also, what's the point of delaying the launch of your phone just so 1000 people can get it a month early?
@nextbit i actually like the colors on the cable and charger. quick question, does the cloud on the charger illuminate as you charge? and if there is a chosen kickstarter special colorway, will there be a separate matching cable/charger or will it be just the one set? (this is in no way asking to produce more expenses in separate production. just out of curiosity/uniformity)
@nextbit- i would keep the delivery time as stated. the early bird backers should receive their robin a month before. it was one of the perks of getting in early.
at the beginning of there phone business .i meant no disrespect cuz i know they do other stuff
i like the sky blue one. as long as i get the phone before feb 19 ill be happy. itd be nice to get it before everyone else, but its fun being apart of something when nextbit gets huge i can say i was there at the beginning
@d'don  i should have said $100.  and by tying it , it does actually make me feel better already.  don't take me too seriously @nextbit about replacing my early backer benefit...unless you want too that is.;)
@dennis - i did too, but at the same token. it just makes me feel a bit better that it's really being pushed for the devices to be shipped in january. so besides the $50 discount, that's another plus.
@all kinda bummed that late-comers likely will get it when i get it, oh well i still get to keep $50 in my pocket.  but, i was so looking forward to being among the first 1k with it.  kind of an elite club thing.  maybe i'll get mine in december then or maybe another $50 off, or??;)  i can always hope can't i.  my opo is still a good phone until and when robin lands in my grubby paws.
@nextbit bumper cases? ☺
@abe, hahaha i know...getting bold with his predictions :o)
@nextbit scott's gonna get in trrrrrrouble hahahaha. made the mistake of semi-promising two things over an interview. hope it works out though! ;)
@nextbit, just watched the interview..great job explaining and showing off the software! i added a few comments in the questions just to let people know that this community is the best and how transparent you guys are..i also mentioned the special colorway edition for backer :o) nice work! it looked really nice in the hand
nice. january delivery for all kickstarter backers per the hangout interview, providing all goes well (not set in stone, of course, but a nice gesture if they're able to do it).
watch the hangout: https://plus.google.com/events/ck4nv785v2uolpfqpknjq2nn3uo
nextbit robin colorway suggestion: http://imgur.com/gallery/4wb6h
adding some off-colors for inspiration today https://twitter.com/czekalla/status/646839325347332096
@nextbit will we know more about battery life before the campaign ends? like how long it will last playing music, on calls, video play time, browsing...
@simon nortman - you're welcome
if it didn't have on screen software keys i would. it's the only one thing i don't like about this phone. loss of the screen re-estate and the annoying task of having to "swipe" for the keys to come up when in a full screen.
re @casualt's experience with ks projects, it appears that the average for on time shipment isn't as bad as he's seen, but it's still not good. somewhere between 15% and 25% of the "gadget" type projects ship on time, according to this article. important point: kickstarter is not a store. http://money.cnn.com/2012/12/18/technology/innovation/kickstarter-ship-delay/
@d'don, thanks! i'm def going to watch that
@nextbit please match charging block and cable with phone color. in this way even the accessories become unique to kickstarter colorway.
i still can't believe how good a bargain the kickstarter deal is! even at $349 we're getting a brilliantly specced phone, stylishly and well built, a quick charger, no tangle cable and maybe even a t-shirt! if u have the cash the true rebel special is incredible value for money!
@nextbit i posted a color model on the update 5 thread but i don't see it on the pinterest collection page.
just in case anybody was looking for the link to the android central live hangouts chat with nextbit robin tonight @ 8:30 pm est/ 5:30 pm pst : https://plus.google.com/events/ck4nv785v2uolpfqpknjq2nn3uo
@jeremy r the colors on the charger aren't finalized quite yet! we'd love to hear everyone's thoughts and feedback on colors if you have any :)
@casualt, with all that money, you should back the distributor pack at least 5 times and then we will all have our dreams come true and get much coveted nextbit robin t-shirt! ;)
@nextbit do the charger/cable come in the same colorway as the phone or are they all mint? if so, i'd probably just get mint to match... also, the verizon early adopter units didn't include sprint initially, so those users are left without a chance at a sale (i'm not one of them). it might be a good idea to add another couple hundred onto that unit so those people can rush for it.
the quick charging cable looks good. i know the cable is usb c. my question is will the quick charger be universal. i have a zenfone 2 and the g4 that both have 2.0 quick charging
@ norman because i have so much money i don't know what to do with it all.  i like to see peoples dreams come true and if i get something out of it great. all i am saying is i can't wait till there is a delay and people start to bitch. it's happened each time and i hope it doesn't happen here is all. @ tyler indiegogo to buddy.
@tyler scow hahaha shots fired. everyone has a right to their opinion. i decided to trust my investment with seasoned and experienced android executives. @nick gonzalez i believe the option to purchase add-ons at end of campaign is possible. don't quote me on the vinyl sheep though.
@abe chung ya, you're right i just dont want to pay 50 more for the sheep ha
@casualt claims to have backed 20 projects and claims to be an expert on production time, but his profile shows about 6 backed. hmmmmm
i loved the techcrunch interview. scott did an absolutely impeccable job of communicating all of the stand out and diffentiating points of robin and their business to the public in the interview.
@nick gonzalez, that would certainly be awesome; however, it would de-value the rebel special, as that backing package is meant to include more add-ons than the kickstarter special. plus, it is already at a $50 discount compared to the retail value of $399.
@all if you/we ignore trolls they will soon or eventually get bored and leave the comment section, or not.;)
@creator can we get the sheep vynil with the kickstarter special too? it's a really awesome mascot
@nextbit i believe your transparency and active participation in community is already, and will bold well for you in 2016 when backers, fence leaners as well as fresh meat (grin) get to see, feel and experience robin in all it's glory.  git'r'dun!
@casult if only 0.5% of the products you backed were ever delivered on time then why continue to back stuff? you could have stopped at 10% or 1%.
@abe chung the bootloader i've read about. was mostly concerned about things like titanium backup. thanks :)
@ih@b yep, in the backer survey after the campaign, you'll be able to choose the configuration you want :)
@fedor duhrmann it will have a pre-unlocked bootloader. and yes, it will be simple to root phone.
hi there, here are my colorways: http://imgur.com/a/0hflv trying to go for something different.
i read something about that robin will not come with root access. will it be easy to grant root?  (sorry if it has been answered somewhere else already!)
@creator do i have the choice for which plug configuration i would prefer or it is send according to my shipping address ?!
@joel york - thanks. i appreciate it.
@casualt ...dude quit hating
yippie a charger
free slot on early adopter! jump on it people :d
@chris frank ahh sorry, didn't get what you were asking. i only really know t-mobile, so i know the cdma version is missing band 12 for lte and 850/900 for hspa.
@andrew finkenbinder that's what i was lookin for, thanks! probably stick with the gsm version then.  verizon coverage is a little better, but with cricket and other att network providers you can get more gb of data for so much cheaper.  att network is pretty close to verizon too.
as tech lovers i think you'll enjoy this:http://i.imgur.com/uux6qyq.jpg
@chris frank at&t's primary lte band is 17, with some 4 thrown in.  i think they might also have a little 2 here and there.
@chris frank the cdma version has bands 2/4, 4 being t-mobile's primary band.  the big suck is that t-mobile is rolling out a lot of lte on band 12, which the cdma version does not have.  you'd be less likely to have lte on urban outskirts, but in cities/metro areas you'd have band 4 coverage more often than not.
the gsm model is missing the cdma bands and some lte bands, of which i'm assuming are affiliated with cdmas.
@abe is it the t-mobile bands that the cdma one is lacking?
iiiiiiiiik !! the sim removal pin is too cute !
@abe yea i was referring to the bands, what can the gsm version do in america that the cdma version cannot?  i could go do research of the specific bands that all us carriers use and figure it out but that sounds hard and i was hoping someone here knew offhand.  it looks to me like the cdma would run att lte bands just fine...
@nextbit could you please tell us the specific absorption rate (sar) of the robin please ?  this is the radiation level thanks !
i didn't see my submission to the color contest on pintrest, so here it is again in case you missed it http://imgur.com/j7rj0tu
as tech lovers i think you'll enjoy this:http://i.imgur.com/uux6qyq.jpg
@chris, the band support is listed in the campaign: gsm version (for at&t and tmobile networks in the us; best choice for all international backers including canada) gsm 850/900/1800/1900 hspa 850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100 lte bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28 cdma version (for sprint and verizon networks in the us) cdma 800/1900 gsm 850/900/1800/1900 hspa 1700/1800/1900/2100 lte bands 1/2/3/4/7/13/20/25/26/41
so does anyone know the specific differences in these bands? doesn't att mostly run off lte bands 2/4/cant remember the third one,  what does hspa affect? would the verizon version work just as well as the other for att?
@creator can you post a picture of the wall mount you'll ship to belgium? it should be round :)
sweet charger!
@suketu yep! the charging cable and wall mount are separable.
a lot of you had questions about bands for the cdma version of robin. we've now updated the page with all the bands for our gsm and cdma versions!
@scott the phone will come with an unlocked bootloader from the getgo, so you're free to root and load custom roms on it as you please.
@d'don, hit the link provided by nextbit below, start the stream (you'll get an advert before the live stream initiates), then scrub back to around 2:53. this should be the start of the nextbit interview.
nice looking charger!
it's nice but in europe we have round wall mounts so the design will be completely different. curious about that design
verizon model will be up for grabs in about 1 minute..... if anyone is interested
@nextbit does the charging cable have a usb port? meaning that it can disconnected from the quick charger.
the quick charger looks amazing!
@nextbit great work on the charger, it looks superb! also love how you snuck in the cloud icon into the sim removal tool, awesome!
i'm almost certain this has been asked already and maybe someone who can sift through (or search? is there a search function i can't find?) 3,500 comments can point me in the right direction but will the "cdma version" still offer the same freedom to load custom roms on it? verizon has been such a b%^&* to work with if you want to do something else and the main reason i am interested in the phone is it's warranty support of cyanogenmod and etc. thank in advance.
@abe chung & @joel york - i was in a class, so i couldn't get a chance to check out the techcunrch interview. do you know if it's pre-recorded or something? i see the link, but when i go there, nothing specifically mentions the nextbit robin.
yay! update!
they support sprint and now there's an actual model of the quick charger wall mount!!!! aahhhh the news
the techcrunch video was good from the perspective of getting the word out there but i was a touch disheartened that the actual device was never fired up in person!
@nextbit...robin color submissions!!! sirena (mermaid) http://i.imgur.com/fgdpvxu.jpg sirena+friends (: http://i.imgur.com/nislbfj.jpg
@abe @joel thanks guys, just discovered it myself! i'm checking it right now!
@lars, start the stream and go to about 2:52.
@lars i tired looking for the video because i caught a very small glimpse, but did not find anything! i'm sure you can replay it back?
is there a way to check it out if you missed it?
nice, techcrunch seems to be increasing some exposure for some new backers! way to go @nextbit!
http://postimg.org/image/oh8xjh2fl/full/
check out scott right now at tc disrupt: http://techcrunch.com/events/disrupt-sf-2015/#.pcgh4z:gpra
@jung wong i love evangelion. good job,
yah @ mike and such. with all things new and in this case they have yet to take our money of course the customer service is great! it has historically fallen apart after the money is collected. the only thing i backed out of the 20 that has come through 100% was the pebble time.
here are my submissions inspired by neon genesis evangelion's eva-01 http://imgur.com/a/xfwzj 1) eva-01 2) eva-01 light version i hope you all like it :)
@casualt, i'm more concerned with getting a top tier product with excellent customer service than i am about on time shipment.
@haydee lp, your marble creations are my favorites of all i've seen so far. now how about wood grain with marble caps or visa versa?
the marble patterns are probably unrealistic but a girl can dream right? ;p https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpmi7o8uaaa18hx… https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpmi7ryvaaafrgy… https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpmiw8uu8aagzd3… https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpmiw8tu8aeoha_… https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpmiw0jusaaq-cf… https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpmiw1qukaapkdh…
*hopped
@casualt i just hoped back on so don't know if this was an ongoing conversation, but you are definitely right, nextbit says january for early adopters, but i already plan on that being feb or later, if they are on time, awesome, but if not i am prepared to stick it out for a little while.  if it gets to say april, may, then i will start having problems
lol i'm going to laugh out loud when i come back and see all the same people commenting them praising them are now going to be whining because the phones delayed and no updates blah blah blah. just wait. i have back about 20 project and only 1 delivered on time. the exact same thing has happened with all of them. at first people praise them and as soon as the company has a set back and delays their change they're time and start bashing them. guaranteed to happen. 19/20 is a huge percentage.
@norman agreed. regarding the discussions on the snapdragon processor, the 810 has a newer variant, but almost all newer phones are using it (and it's nothing special). they have somewhat addressed the overheating issues, but it can still hit the tdp and will overheat eventually after heavy use. however, you'll probably hurt battery life a lot as well since the temps are going up. the 808 is a much better choice.
@luna that one is really nice!!
@nextbit sirena  (spanish for mermaid) https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpiubfaweaq4k9u.jpg
@devin m great point!
@abe chung same feeling, currently on an 8gb iphone 4s and still struggling with storage. the wait is going to be long but well worth it once the phone is out. the best part about companies with glass house approaches is that their optimism brushes off into the community as well everyone here is so friendly and supportive!
the sd 808 is actually newer than the sd 810, it's just that the 810 is higher spec so of course it gets all the recognition. the overheating issues unfortunately cast even more recognition on it (in a bad way). no one knows how the 820 will respond and even though it uses a smaller manufacturing process, that makes it more difficult to design (i.e. less production) and more expensive. so the sd 808 makes perfect sense given these circumstances. @chad...all good points. with nextbit all of us have the capability to voice concern and input for not only the robin but any future products and the company so far has been very receptive. that alone will sell phones because if cs is poor then you wind up with a bunch of pissed off consumers (ask any cable company)!
@andrew finkenbinder, yes, as we all are aware. that "if" in my statement is a huge if. hahaha. @chad kemp haha i know, i was just teasing. but time will really tell how smart is the cloud storage integration. i, for one, am excited about never receiving a "you're out of storage" messages.
the 820 isn't even commercially available yet, and will be priced significantly higher than the 808.  it was never really an option.
i honestly think the 810 problems are a little overblown. i had a one m9 that i never had any problems out of. either way, i think the 808 will be fine.
@abe while that certainly may be true, you have to make a cut at some point. you can't just keep postponing your phone because a better part may be available in the future, that way you'll never get your phone out. but i agree, a well optimised 808 is more than capable.
@abe chung are those words all that bold? :) i mean, the definition of "smart phone" hasn't really changed since 2007. so adding the seamless cloud integration, which is completely different and forward thinking, changes that definition in one motion. so, you say bold... i say its the next logical step, and thus smarter :)
@chris frank i would've opted for the 820 if it were possible. the 820 is supposed to be smaller chipset, more efficient processing, better camera performances...what's not to like about that? but 808 is more than sufficient to do what it needs to, well, i might add. @chad kemp well...nextbit did say that the robin is the smarter smartphone. those are pretty bold words ;)
@chad kemp exactly, and that's exactly what i love about nextbit, how they're open with us about everything they do and why they do it. it's refreshing in today's business to have a company and think, 'these are genuinely nice guys with our best interests in mind.' they are android enthusiasts, and obviously they need to sell a certain amount in order to keep operating, but they wanted to build something that they temselves would want to use, and considering these are some of the top people of android, that's saying a lot..
anyone know when their will be a new update? surely it must be within the next couple of days now to allow bakers 5 days to vote for the kickstarter exclusive colour?
@norman  bingo, that is how i am feeling about the phone as well, and that 808 processor has already seemed to be the better performer than the 810 with all its problems.  while the 820 rumors of 90k+ antutu have been impressive, that is a little more than needed in today's world.  ill take robin's style with the 808
@all i think the main difference here between oneplus and nextbit can be distilled down to the corporate business practices (or lack thereof). oneplus was spun off (and backed, financially) by oppo. oppo had a stake in the success or failure of oneplus. and thus were pulling the puppet strings to some level. the phone was developed long before any consumer could have a say in what it was. the only difference between oneplus and oppo at that time was inventory. so oneplus had to rely on hype and viral marketing to drum up business... which they did a pretty good job of on the one. then they attempted the same thing with the two. they claim that they heard enough input from the community to do things like not include nfc, quick charging, etc. but we all know this was a business decision. nextbit has the phone design all but nailed down, and the specs the same. but they started out with the intent (presumably) of not even producing a phone unless they had enough interest in what they were doing. there is some level of hype with nextbit as well, but they are being completely transparent about their design choices. they arent claiming their phone is a "flagship killer", and for all intents and purposes, it isn't. what it is, however, is the most community driven phone development process that any of us have seen. it is a process whereby the company is starting out truly small (no oppo behind them) and not letting a committee determine what the phone should be. there is no opacity here at all that i can see. they have opened the doors to their offices, their designers, and layed bare the phone it all its naked glory and told everyone why things go where, and why other things just couldn't go (like a larger battery, or different camera sensor). their rationale is clearly laid out, to be accepted or not. i am happy to back them for these reasons...
looks like @lars and i were thinking the same thing! i will say that to me one of the best aspects of robin is that it appears to have been built to take advantage of of the components it has rather than throwing in the highest specs for bragging rights. too many android phones do this but the phone is poorly optimized and/or filled with bloatware. who cares about benchmarks so long as the phone is capable of providing a buttery smooth os free of utter crap.
@abe @fat, i think it's a cautionary tale of what not to do when a company achieves a level of success in a short period of time. even with the opo being an awesome product, it was nearly impossible to get ahold of and reports of poor cs hurt them. @nextbit has been awesome so far, the robin is shaping up to be awesome and hopefully it will be a great success.
@fat benjaming @abe same, was looking forward to the oneplus two, but the more time i spent on their forums, the more i started looking for another brand. the costumer service is abhorrent, their business practices even more so. nextbit on the other hand...
@fat benjamin same here. originally came from oneplus forums and grew exhausted at all the companies blunders and failed promises. regarding the phone cases, currently, they don't have a flip case with cover, but i'm sure third party vendors will over such a product. details for cases should be coming soon, though!
i'm really excited to be backing this great looking phone.  current opo user that has grown tired of that companies marketing.  loving the cloud features and form factor of robin. will there be a case with a cover and screen protectors?  was very impressed with the jide remix tablet coming with a screen protector.
@jordan - just looked.  wow, you're right.
@jordan - maybe.  i'd have to refresh my memory.  the effect made the edges more rounded (which they wouldn't be).  i was just liking the coloring effect.
@robert reminds me of an old ipod nano
was playing around on ps and found this.  not sure if you could do a "sheen" coloring option, but i think this looks pretty awesome. http://imgur.com/eucr7zc
@simon - i did get an invite a few weeks back.  decided i heard enough negative things not to order.  i also don't like the business practice of "forcing" someone to buy on the spot.  plus, the company is really shady.  glad to be done with them.  ironically, i was on their forum when someone posted about nextbit.  i just so happened to read it and it brought me to this kickstarter page.  i was one of the first 300 to back.  all timing.
@robert nowak you should flash a new rom on your opo. i'm using exodus nightlies and it's pretty stable.
@robert, i agree..6p looks horrible! did you think about getting the op2?
@abe, thanks! yeah ... 5x is not what i'm looking for in a phone..so glad i went in early on a robin...they had design as a top priority...interestingly, 5x only has a 2700mah battery ...you would think with all that extra real estate they would have managed to cram in a bigger battery.
the 6p is honestly one of the ugliest phones i have ever seen.  and if the 5x leaks are true, it is really nothing to write home about, particularly if it's $450 for 32gb.  i was hoping for something a little more impressive/affordable.  i need something to tide me over until my robin arrives.  my opo has been acting crazy lately, and i really just want something else.
sorry nexus 6p has 5.7" screen
@simon nortman nexus 6p has a 5.7" screen. and wow, other leaks confirm that size. the nexus 5x will really will be a small screened, big bezel'ed phone.
@jordan... i wonder if they mistakingly put up the dimension specs of the nexus 6p, because that would make more sense, as it has a 5.5" screen and made of metal.
@simon yeah it surely can't be right :') specs here: http://www.androidauthority.com/nexus-5x-specs-amazon-india-644084/
@jordan, with those dimensions, the nexus 5x is bigger than a one plus 2, and heavier...and that has a 5.5" screen!
sorry, wrong link, here's the correct one: http://www.androidauthority.com/nexus-5x-specs-amazon-india-644084/
honestly, the only other two phones i would consider are the new nexus 5 and the moto x style. the moto x style is a good bit more expensive though, but other than that a very solid phone. now with the specs of the nexus 5x confirmed (link below), i don't think it stands a chance against the robin imho. the robin has everything the nexus 5x has and more, and at a cheaper (or comparable, depending on when you buy it) price. just wanted to share my thoughts :) http://www.androidauthority.com/deal-amazon-fire-phone-119-99-1-year-prime-642207/
also 150grams (robin) vs 177grams (nexus 5x)
so according to a leak about the nexus 5x, the dimensions are 154x76x10mm... which makes the robin smaller in every way, with the same screen size. i'm quite surprised by that much difference in mm... great news for the backers here though!
@kavya @hl  this is a good tracker:  https://www.kicktraq.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/#chart-daily
@hl, i think that can still be assessed by looking at how many people chose a particular reward, isnt it?
shouldn't we be keeping to the pledge tiers provided so nextbit can correctly assess market demand? if you are willing to pay 10bucks for a stretch goal goodie i'm sure you can add it at the end of the pledge... what would brian boitano do?
@khang did it!
i did it too! :)
@khang done & done!
@khang that is a great idea!
hey, everyone can manage their pledge, right? i say we all chip in an extra $10, and we're there! who's comin' with me... :p
@alan alley ho also @ nextbit i love this color scheme. well done.http://imgur.com/gallery/7k9y0l6
@nextbit - okay last one, made some revisions to my recent submission. it's the same as the one before, but i made sure i got the color all around and added color to the cloud logo on the bag, and the nextbit brand name on the back. i call it blue jay - http://i.imgur.com/8ne37sd.png
@shane mobbs i think this is the closest i've found: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d7/d3/5b/d7d35b7cd7d44b34d603f1341fc7932a.jpg was hoping for a little bit more of the blue/chameleon...maybe the volume and power buttons?
@chad, i've read over on the op forum that some people have reported improved battery life after a software update. with only a 1080p screen i think that op just did a poor job of initially optimizing the battery. still, the sd 808 runs fewer cores so theoretically the robin should have better battery performance (depending on how the cores are used, optimization, etc.). but it should be fun until the robin comes out. then all bets are off for other competitors!
the robin "shades of grey" looks good, although a bit conservative. as far as an entry with a bit more flair i still like the nes/retro gamer.
hook 'em horns！
burnt orange, anyone? http://imgur.com/gallery/7k9y0l6
so, i got my invite for the oneplus 2 on the 12th (or so) of september. i ordered it (it should be a suitable stop-gap before my robin comes in). it arrived yesterday, and i have had a full day with it. here are my observations thus far. -battery life: not good. i believe the snapdragon 810 is to blame, but google services is also draining it. i have barely a day out of it, and i am not a heavy user. -camera: from what i have seen thus far, it is pretty awesome during the daylight. pictures have been limited to things in and around my back yard. i tried to take a picture of the sunset last night though and it turned out positively awful. not sure if it was the mode it was in (there are 3 by default, beauty, hdr, and clearimage). i believe one was in clearimage and one was hdr. the trees were terribly washed out. my moto g 3rd gen handles this situation better, without ois or laser auto focus. -build quality: awesome. it is a 5.5-inch fullhd display that looks amazing, and though it is on the large side of phones, it feels pretty good. this has, however made me really wish i could get my hands on the robin. the sides of the oneplus are narrow, and even though it has the sandstone finish on the back, it still feels slippery. almost every phone these days has some sort of taper on the sides, and honestly, i am really pining for the flat sides of the robin. i feel like it is going to feel a lot less likely to slip out of my hand. so, here is what it has left me thinking so far: the robin, with a smaller display at the same resolution should be pretty amazing. i am not sure if robin has an in-cell display or not, but the pixel density will most certainly make up for the fact that it is not a 2k display. honestly, the display on the oneplus 2 leaves nothing to be desired. so the smaller display of the robin coupled with higher density should be just that much better. the camera on robin has a lot of people asking questions, and i can honestly say that the software has nearly as much to do with the final image as the hardware at this point. 13mp with ois does not necessarily make a better picture than 13mp without ois. i can look at pictures i took with a low end moto g with 13mp camera and see clear advantages over the camera in the oneplus 2. the software is just better. nextbit is working with dxo on the camera experience on robin, and dxo knows what they are doing. i can say that any doubts i may have had about the camera on robin are all but silenced. quickcharge, nfc and usb-c are going to be the killer features (save for the cloud) on robin. it is an awesome phone without the nextbit cloud. with it, it is so far ahead of the game... well done nextbit!
@vincent vecchio @nextbit i'm hoping for a uniquely simplified nextbit exclusive version !
@luna if they are planning to go as close to stock as they say, they will most likely be using the standard google messenger app for sms.
@nextbit ... will the stock messaging app show a quick reply popup like my lg g4?
@mark schwacofer - i need to look into that. most of my storage is and was being taken up by apps. about all of my photos, videos, and music is exported to my micro sd card. btw, i always use amazon prime free 2-day shipping, so i never get that. but i do get free mp3s from various promotion and i purchase some kindle books and textbooks.
lots of people dropping their pledges...
verizon special up for grabs ! any takers ?
i'm liking the grey phone concepts (robert nowaks design "one shade of grey" is great) and #6 from https://imgur.com/a/s7ebf as well as https://imgur.com/xq7oatm and https://imgur.com/x4ig7xw. all of those fit my bill. sorry to the guys whose names i don't have but linked to, but they look great!!!!
@ washington i think about  400mb left of storage maybe common. thats what i have left on my g4 though most of my music is from amazon prime. everytime i ship i use the slower method so i get a couple free dollars for mp3's. have about 150 songs that i got for free. i bought an app called smart utilities for 99 cents it seems to keep my phone cleaner. if i didnt use it though i would be out of internal space.
hopefully nextbit will implement the kill switch also on this phone
definitely would be a great time for the robin - https://goo.gl/photos/2w2fxftyjfmhwsny9 i just got this notification like 30 minutes ago. i was on 410mb left of internal storage on my phone. i have a lg g4 with a high speed 64gb micro sd card,and my stomach is still on death's door. i had to delete a few apps, and do some manual cleaning. the intelligent storage of robin to remove unnecessary apps is definitely a treasured chest.
where's my robin? lol!
@mark schwacofer after kickstarter, we'll continue engaging right here in the comments section and on all our social media :) by the time robin ships, we also plan to have a forum of some sort - stay tuned!
after the 8 days is up will there still be a forum?
@minh-tri le i think somebody already nightwing. check @nextbit's pinterest page.
@luna it's a feature for any android phone using nova launcher.  from previous posts it seems likely nextbit will incorporate, with a software update, a mere touch to finger sensor on the power button without having to press it.
i really hope @nextbit can implement the double tap to wake feature. fingers crossed! who's with me?
@d'don, no problem..i'm excited to hear what nextbit has to say
@simon nortman - yes! thanks for that update
i wish had real photoshop instead of pse...i also wish i had the skills to do make my own design but i don't :( if someone with the know-how could do a color scheme based on nightwing i think that would be really awesome. here's a photo of nightwing for reference: http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/5/51394/2473071-cf324c9eb7fd4063eaeb8464ae063e44-d57nit4.jpg
hah! that's if i go...we'll see :)
@khang let us know the skinny after!!!!
that's awesome...would love to see these phones without a monitor in the way.
@khang: yes we (including our cto mike chan) will be at the babbq. very excited to meet you all there
the colourway options are more than saturated so i went on a complete tangent and just made some instant disqualifiers! take it as a fan-art pls ;-) http://imgur.com/a/9itrr
hey @nextbit team, i might be attending babbq. will you guys be there?
@colin cook yes, we do support rogers in canada!
@kevin gay, you're able to choose the verizon model from survey provided at the end of campaign.
if we bought in prior to verizon and sprint, can we hold our order until those phones are available?
so will it be compatible with rogers lte in canada?
@robert novak i see what you mean.  thanks!
nexbit will be on hangouts with androidcentral tomorrow at 530pm pst :o) http://www.androidcentral.com/join-us-tomorrow-ideaa-talk-nextbit
@dennis - was trying to do something a bit different by not having any button colors.  this one seems really sleek and classy.  i think it lets the design speak for itself while incorporating the mint and highlighting the company's name and logo.
@nextbit does peter do well under pressure?? (grin)
@robert novak maybe with mint buttons, too?
@nexbit, i like the idea of grouping into trends...as i was scanning through the hundreds on pinterest i did notice some trends forming :o) peter is going to have a fun time designing, and on thing is for sure, i bet i'm going to like at least one of the designs!
@robert novak i like the simplicity with a touch of the mint. nice.
well, i was just going to do a delorean inspired design, but i think it will be the same as the retro gamer one.  haha.
one shade of gray http://imgur.com/e6dh24t
@geoffrey deadline for submissions is noon thursday sf time if i recall right, which will give peter 1 1/2 days to complete the 5 to put before the community.  i think they wanted to give all a chance knowing schedules vary, etc.
why are you giving so much time to choose the 5 designs ? there are already 300 designs proposed, isn't it enough ? why 1 more week is needed ?
so basically poor peter won't have a weekend. (grin)  thank you peter!  you have a daunting assignment.  may the force be with you.
@nextbit nice, i like that.
great scott! @creator.  how did we miss that?  i mean, if you don't love back to the future, you should make like a tree and get out of here.
@dennis and @all here's what's going to happen next. our awesome designer peter has been looking over the hundreds of entries and grouping them into trends. he'll pick 5 trends that he likes and design colorways with those as inspiration. his designs based on your submissions are what you'll see next monday.
@nexbit how to you propose to select and vote from 4m+/-(ha!) entries in the contest???
@nextbit lol nice reference.
@luc i like the first one you posted the best.
you mean your phone needs 1kw to operate? 0.o
@luc ten hoorn i do like the blue version just posted.
what do you thin of my designs? please let me know!
sorry not the last one yet ;) https://www.dropbox.com/s/zmubeiwu6gb1x8r/robin%20black%20blue.jpg…
@nextbit haha! i didn't even think about that.
this is probably the only day we can make 1.21 giggawatt jokes. (while our pledge total is in the $1.21 million range). not a single back to the future reference yet?
and the last one for today. the camo robin. https://www.dropbox.com/s/8qd3v806mnhkqqq/camo%20robin.jpg…
my cloudy robin https://www.dropbox.com/s/1o2xaa1co97nqnh/robin%20cloudy.jpg…
@nextbit waiting to see scroyle interview,, can it be seen exclusively???
my first desing! hope you guys like it!! https://www.dropbox.com/s/g4gg94te4ch64b6/robin%201.jpg…
@jung wong ,. ohh thank u , i might missed that comment..  @rahul .,if that video released already then we surely get 129gigs ...
@nextbit when are you planning to give a unit to mkbhd to do his initial impressions video... any estimated timeline??
@ nextbit how cool would it be to have a robin smartwatch next? :d maybe i am dreaming with my eyes open but i am sure it would be as unique as the robin itself :)
@mugesh nextbit already confirmed that there is no double tap to wake. however, if you use nova launcher, you can achieve double tap to wake by assigning the double tap gesture to waking up the screen.
@nextbit..,. guys  is there any gesture options such as double  tap to wake, things lyk that...
my robin,.,. its a bird so this my color .a beak then the body and tail....check out designhttps://pbs.twimg.com/media/cphngqlueaahpzd.jpg
@tyler scow you won't be able to use the volume buttons to take pictures, unfortunately. @rhiney maceachern your cloud storage is tied to your google account. if someone else uses the phone, they'll need to sign up for a new account and get cloud storage for that account.
@nextbit thanks for the answer.  i have a galaxy s5 now and never use the fingerprint function because of the placement and need to swipe so i am really excited about the great placement and usability of yours.
@abe chung we can't delete comments, but we've noted it and already reported it so that kickstarter can remove it themselves. hopefully it'll be taken down soon!
nextbit facebook: "are you at tech crunch disrupt? come say hi to robin designer scott croyle tomorrow! he's being interviewed at 11am est wednesday! ‪#‎tcdisrupt‬" <- hope this is posted online for all of us to see.
1 verizon early backer slot opened up
@nextbit hey, sorry to bother you with a menial request. could you please delete my first comment regarding the content entry linking an imgur link? that album was deleted, and the link now brings up an nsfw content. please remove that in order to reduce confusion and questionable situations. thank you!
@thomas mims chris frank is right, you've to hit the button to wake up the device and scan your finger print. about the finger print sensor itself we're still doing some internal testing but we're confident to say that accuracy and time to scan will be similar to competitors.
why is the sensor beside the front camera so noticeable lol. it's like the same size as the camera!
@all @nextbit i know the last few days of this project will critical to alot of backers. most are still curious about the picture quality, sound of speakes, fingerprint sensor and so on. one thing we have to realize as consumers is that this company is being transparent about the process they went through to get robin out. some of us look at specs while someone else will just look at the shape and colors to be sold on it. this device to me is different and what nextbit is trying to do with robin is something that has not been done. at the end it all comes to oreferences, there are a few more phones coming out that may change your mind about robin. remember one thing, this is the first phone nextbit is making. if we as consumers/user give our feedback as to what we really want and need on the next one, i can imagine everyone will be happy with the results.
agree with below on wireless charging and a silence feature. keep up the feedback guys!
@nextbit- love the ongoing dialogue w/ your backers: keep it up.  feature request: for the love of god, could we please get a proper mute option (not that garbage multi-step notification process found in stock android)? looks like we'll get some awesome speakers, but we need a simple way to silence everything for meetings/class/shows/etc.  cheers
@mark schwacofer - i agree. i did want the 129gbs. however, i'm fine with the progress we have made as well. i'm sure this is just the beginning and is the stepping stone for them to do a lot of other things in the future, like other smartphones.
im glad we made the cut . im not so worried about getting the tshirt 129 gig would be nice. i hope this isnt a one time deal for nextbit and i hope they go on to make more phones. i hope ill be invited. eventually it would be nice if they made a 5.7 or even a 6 inch. personally i like to have one device that can do it all. also if this storage in the cloud works as well as i think it will it would be nice to have the option to purchase more storage on nextbits server's. i personally like to deal with one co that i trust and buy my services from them
@khang - i have to concur. we're funded after everything is said and done, and that's really all that matters. the stretch goals, like "stretch" implies, are just an extra added bonus, icing on the cake. i think the stretch goals would be nice to attain, but i'm super excited that we're even funded, and we have the option to have our own exclusive kickstarter color, and the community engagement of course.
@nexbit could we could get the wireless charging ability on robin? i know it's probably too late to ask.. better late than never though...
@khang i am not worried.. but i feel this phone deserves more.. may be being part of this campaign since day 1 i have grown over enthusiastic may be... need ti calm down eh!
@nextbit please release a hand-on review of the phone itself. other add-ons are ok but we as backers want to see the real product. g will launch their product next week and lot of backers will have to choose between robin and new nexus 5x which is also popular among android fans.
a short shoutout to robin... hope that's going to send a few more backers this way... http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/gadgets/stuck-smartphone-rut-five-funky-alternatives-iphone-galaxy-n431286
@alin bucur lucky you on the open slot!
imho, i don't think it is a good idea to compare with xiaomi.  different category? nexus is a good benchmark though. +1 to @lars @abe on last week critical mass.
wahouuuuu!!!!! i got early adopter :d gonna get my robin early :d p.s: gonna post my robin designs very soon ;)
@rahul what are you so worried about? :) it doesn't matter if the campaign only raises another $100. it's fully funded! twice over in fact. sure, there are stretch goals that we'd love to hit, but anything now is just a bonus! show your support for this amazing team of rock stars!
@creator il ask this again. what happens if the phone is given to someone other than the person who registered for the 100 g cloud storage. can the new owner buy storage so they can use the storage option of the phone? also what happens to the things i have in storage. can i still access it without a robin?
hey there wonderful people! my first two contributions for the color contest: robin copper: http://de.tinypic.com/view.php… (ok, i'm a fan of brushed metal, i guess i'm not fresh :-(() robin meets klee http://de.tinypic.com/r/2qks56c/8gfpajex9qo (a homage to paul klee)
@abe chung ah thanks for the prompt response!
@han jun kwang they're currently working on the wall mount. it was on their periscopes. they're working on the size, color, etc i assume. no official details were given regarding the charge time and voltage, though.
btw, not sure if this was missed in (much) earlier comments, but do we know any details about the bundled quickcharge charger yet? nothing fanciful besides a single usb-a port, with the plug type selectable when we fulfill our orders?
@lars my estimation was based on a $12k/daily backing approach, so i anticipated $1.25mil by 9/24...however it's looking we might probably see that around 26-28.
xiaomi mi 4c minus (-) 13% raw battery capacity - dual sim - ir port plus (+) dual speakers + fingerprint sensor + cloud storage + usb 3.0 support (unknown for the other, actually) = robin. ;) laying it out in case anyone needs a one-sentence comparison. if xiaomi's past record is still reliable, it's likely there'll be some form of international availability for the 4c too when robin launches next jan/feb.
@chris now that you mention it i do remember seeing something about the tap to wake then scan, which isn't so bad considering you have to do that by pressing the home button before scanning with the iphone and galaxy.  i hope @nextbit is able to give some reviews of it soon, but understandable that they haven't yet since they have been working hard to get everything finalized first
less than $500 funded today..
if you see we had reached $1210000 yesterday and we are still only 1000$ funded today
*how quick, not hot quick
@thomas  i remember seeing somewhere in their comments that the fingerprint reader will not be wake on first touch like some are, you will have to hit the button to wake and then hold your finger a 2nd time to unlock with the scanner.  when it comes to hot quick that will function, i don't know if they have talked about that for sure as they are still doing a good amount of development and calibration on the phone.
hi i asked a question yesterday but i think that it just got lost in the masses.  could @nextbit answer this or is there anyone that could?  if it has already been answered then could you point me to where it was? "@nextbit i was wondering how the fingerprint reader compares to the other popular phone's readers? such as how does the performance of the robin compare to the iphone or samsung readers?"
@abe i don't think it'll drop to below 1 million that's a massive 200.000 drop. i do agree, however, that the last week is probably crucial, so any advertising, updates, etc. will certainly help push people who were on the fence. that said, i still firmly believe we'll get to our next stretch goal :) what's your take?
i'm more about avoid verizons bloatware. as long as i can get a bloatfree phone, i'm all in.
@rahul agreed. if there ever was a critical mass period, it is the week before the end of campaign. @nextbit i hope you have some exciting things/new/teasers/demonstrations to retain the "on-the-fence" backers who are waiting til september 30 to make their final decision. because i would hate to see the backers dip below 1mill. :/ i trust you have big things planned!
xiaomi 4c does make robin look expensive but phone availability is only limited to china.. i think people are waiting for nexus 5x... hence fewer backers
it could very well be the announcement of xiaomi mi 4c's specs/price, as well as how close the nexus 5x will be announced. it may seem that we may lose a potential set of backers as we keep drawing near to the end of september. hopefully, @nextbit is able to maintain backers' confidence in the robin for the next 8 days...which means there needs to be a sustained flow of news and communication to keep the backers' concerns assuaged.
today the number of backers pledged are very less... very slow start of the day
may have been answered but i dont want to read 3,000 comments to find out, any confirmation on if the camera app will let you use the volume button to take photos?
@dennis @lars @yvonne my place is pretty tiny, but sure! hahaha ;)
@mike maddux. one of the first things i did before pledging was to google (and ddg) hack the s#it out of robin and nextbit. like 10 pages down. nexbit's old sheep logo might also be of interest to you ;-) http://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/archives/new_logo_for_nextbit_by_cinco.php#.vgfdp_lvhbc
@rik brouwers it appears so hahaha. imgur is weird. hopefully, @nextbit can remove that link asap.
@jj they are still working on tuning the camera, it's one of the last jobs to be done. but you can be assured that they will get some samples out as soon as they can :)
managed to convince hubby to back the robin, yay! wasn't that difficult ;)
another close sibling to robin - xiomi mi 4c. it has the same camera sensor too!
@abe your reputation is ruined now.
haha! i thought @abe was trying to be funny when i clicked on his link.
@all hey sorry the first album got deleted and that weird picture was the destination @nextbit could you remove the first comment? a new link was posted shortly after. sorry all for the inconvenience and thanks for the feedback!
one of the things that i am really curious about is the camera capability. it would be good if nextbit can show us some sample photo taken with robin. =)
@creator - thanks for the response.  i was wondering how the gradient would work across the whole backside given it is in three parts.  that seemed extraordinarily unlikely to happen.
@nextbit hi guys so this is my contribution so far! http://imgur.com/gallery/f7iaghw/new hope you enjoy it - i've called it: scandinavian autumn  we're well on our way to autumn here in scandinavia and the sunsets and sunrises are absolutely stunning at this time of year. i'm inspired by the cold waters, howling winds and beautiful but scarce appearances of the sun :p
i don't like facebook :) . in 30seconds you have a free forum on f.i.  https://www.proboards.com/
@yvonne that's quite possible!
good idea, @yvonne! maybe have a group on fb?
@all just thinking if interacting in facebook before january forum helps? i think i saw @lars's reply to question in fb.
@lars @dennis don't forget to bring along whiskey for the gentlemen, too. cheers!
@dennis let's go then, don't forget to bring a six pack of beer ;)  @yvonne with how frequent they're communicating now i'd be very surprised if there wasn't another way to talk to them after the kickstarter campaign. it's just not their style i think.
@dennis  thanks for remembering my comment on communication after project campaign. i thought nextbit missed that out. it is great to know that a forum is in progress to start in january! backers can participate and interact before and after the official launch of robin. @lars 3 months sounds like a long wait. i'm dying for the weekly update from nextbit and finalized colorrobin.
@lars, good question? maybe everyone can hang out at @abe chung's place.;)
@dennis only by january? that's three months we can't interact with eachother... or will there be another medium?
@yvonne concerning communication after the campaign (thought you made about a day ago), i understand a forum is in the works to startup in january.
@cole andreassen thank you for the advice. i entered the first link with no issue when abe just posted it.  when the rest comment on the first link, it is nsfw indeed. what i'm trying to say is creator could have really commented on the whiskey tan since the link was fine earlier.
@yvonne, also clear browser cache and cookies!
@yvonne, you should be ok, but run antivirus/malware if you got it. i would stay away from imgur for a few days as well...sounds like theres a 4chan/8chan malware thing spreading around as well as imgur.
what will happen to my pc if i clicked on that link.
i think it's malware then.. because we saw a comment from creator after his link was posted "@abe you get a tip of the hat from us just for calling one of your colors "whiskey tan."" nowhere is it mentioned before!
@abe @all, imgur malware going around again. not sure if this is same or op just posted wrong link. but yes nsfw
yep abe, i had the same issue with your first link. @nextbit can it be removed?
@abe +1 to what khang said!
yo @abe your link!!!! nsfw!
@abe i love the combination. +1 for royal whiskey.  have a whiskey. i'll like to have some glenmorangie!
sorry @nextbit, i was going to go to sleep, but i thought...why have two favorite when i could combine the two renditions for a royal whiskey colorway: http://imgur.com/gallery/nfyid/new hope you like it!
@dennis we're whiskey fans, yes. too bad there's no time to drink it this month!
@dennis thanks! with that, i must pass out for work tomorrow. g'night all!
@nextbit is that indicative of current and/or a relaxed state of activity?;) @abe chung nice rendition concept,  i like the contrast.  i could dig it.
@nextbit hahaha, awesome. whiskey tan is one of my favorite leather colors. it was hard to translate that to a phone colorway! :)
@abe you get a tip of the hat from us just for calling one of your colors "whiskey tan."
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@robert nowak the stepped gradient (where every section is a slightly different color) is an alternative to the real gradient design because manufacturing a true gradient is going to be extremely difficult (which is why you don't see it on any other phones). but we want you guys to dream big, so we're not stopping you or anyone from submitting them.
@dennis i am a nexus 5 user.. so stock android or 0 bloat attracts me.. the unique design, fresh colors, dual front facing speakers and cloud magic are the things that interests me.. and a great community :)  keeping my fingers crossed for the camera though.. hope its good
well shes using my last phone sony z ultra and its randomly restarting so ive got a little leeway, im just hoping it will last until feb. the one good thing is she likes the phones in the 5 inch range so.
@rahul lakshmanan  i would like to ask you what makes you interested in backing nextbit and the robin?  i'm curious?  for me it's many things: uniqueness, company involvement with fans, price, specs being user optimized, the cloud on a lesser scale (as i'm a gb storage lightweight)-still it's unique and has features that will keep my phone clean, as i have a habit go trying apps and forgetting to remove them when i don't use them, so will help me out in that regard.
@rahul lakshmanan i'm by nature a night owl. sometimes up 'til 2 or 3 am my time.  it's 9pm here.
@yvonne would still get me likely shot. ;)
@dennis what about telling her that you both will be having the same unique kickstarter limited edition phone? ;) a special moment for both of you.
guys wen v (in india) sleep all the action happens here.. and now its morning here n u guys will b off to slp soon..
with that said, she does like bling for some unknown reason, so ,maybe later.;)
@abe chung are you single??  plus, my wife is technically challenged, she even admits and laughs about it, saying' that's what she has me for.  it took years to get her to get her first and only beloved smartphone!
@dennis you have to be more subtle and incepting. hahaha. slowly show her things that subliminally reinforces that her current phone needs upgrading.
@mark schwacofer i would definitely get 2 if up to me, but my wife has started packing heat and when i just now asked if her current phone was meeting her needs, i was toid in a terse tone, yes.  maybe, @all can ascertain what that really means and absolutely implies! :(
@talat jamal yes kickstarter would support sbi cards
@mark schwacofer it's my understanding the backers color rendition is an option only to those and that only and will be retired. mint and midnight blue are always going to be available.  it's another gift to backers.  i will get it if it strikes me, but otherwise not sure between the other 2.
may have to buy 2 anyways i might try something different for my wifes phone
@bosskar service centers are to be in asia, europe and usa per nextbit.
@ nextbit what about service points in future across the world, especially in india??
it's just sad to see how misinformation to the masses can lead people to make choices based on that misinformation.  i guess, i had more pessimism in the way robin was presented.  people as to oem's different marketing strategies, hype, etc can and are led rather than being followers.  i guess i shouldn't be surprised.;)  i think and hope the campaign is exceeding expectations.
@dennis, i think it's a combination of things: some people only want the highest specs and falsely believe the sd 808 to be an "old" chip (it was actually released after the sd 810)..this is silly considering what exactly can you do with 4 gb of ram the you can't with 3? plus apple has shown time and again that the highest specs aren't needed to make a good phone. some are hesitant about the cloud nature. they probably think that all personal data goes to the cloud. in a post-snowden era this is somewhat understandable. i think nextbit could do a bit more to explain to the masses exactly what is going to the cloud. but there will still be skeptics on this. like you said some are waiting on hands on reviews. with all the hype built up around the op2 and how it is not quite living up to the hype then this is probably well justified too. proof is always in the pudding. if robin gets great word of mouth from us early adopters it will do just fine over time.
wonder why @nextbit hasn't gained more traction yet.  i think will once launched it will.  i suspect a lot are sitting, watching and waiting.  not adventurers i guess.  specs tweets and campaign just not enough for some without some hands on reviews.  weird what some look to, seems not enough do their own homework or investigation. i however did, like others here.
@vann understandable. i lived in a college town for many years. i do know that team's colors.
@shane one of the repeating color pairings has been waaaay to close to the local college team here. it's making me nervous �
@shane mobbs - thanks, i thought so too. took me a while to fine tune it because i went through a few color variations, but that one seemed to flow and compliment well.
i just want that t-shirt :)
@mark yes it'll be available. nextbit is gonna do a special colorway for kickstarter only to choose from. i like some of the submissions, but i'll prolly stick with the original mint myself.
i still like the original mint. will that still be available?
the green and black looks pretty nice @d'don @vann i know so little about sports i'd be oblivious if somebody used em as influence for the contest. lol
weighing in on colors. i'm pro gradient and anti sports team / college / high schools color schemes.
i did some more: http://i.imgur.com/ni9cbii.png http://i.imgur.com/odsqbbw.png - this one the cloud is actually  blue, but for some reason it won't show, unless i hide the layers. it's above the back housing as well. http://i.imgur.com/zkzlobx.png http://i.imgur.com/urhkzt1.png
honestly @creator, that stepped gradient doesn't look so hot.  it doesn't look like a gradient (perhaps what "stepped gradient" means (?).  it just looks like each section is a little different color.  some of the "true" gradients other user have submitted look better.
@robert novak @ shane mobbs +1  for top and bottom being the same, not different.
also not a fan of the gradients.  well, they look cool, but i agree with @mike maddox.  i think it goes against the overall simple design scheme.  plus, i don't like the idea of a different color top and bottom.  i think that would be very distracting for viewing videos, etc.
@nextbit, i know, just wanted to pick on you. :)
@nextbit honestly i prefer the top and bottom caps to be the same color.
simplified version of the gradient design. https://twitter.com/czekalla/status/646106371662831617 what do you think, contrast buttons or matching color? @dennis these are just ideas we're sprinkling in. we'll play with a non-mint one tomorrow!
@nextbit how about the robinv, robins or the like for variants?;)
@nextbit you guys should just hire @abe chung by now :) he should manage social media and customer support :)
@nextbit, re electric sheep - i am over my depth. i had no idea of the extent of hidden literary references already in existence here.  @nextbit, i say no to a gradient. for me it violates the industrial design character of the robin. i don't like the gradient on the special sim drawer either.
creator nextbit 34 minutes ago we're seeing a lot of gradients for the color contest. we're evaluating if this is feasible but at least you got us excited! https://twitter.com/czekalla/status/646043693820964864 no!  too much like the mint version.  i like the idea of having a phone that i can say to, what's that?  this, oh you can get one like it but you can't get this! ;)  i want uniqueness and a stand out, still partial to: darker grey version of retro gamer.
yess! snatched my early adopter� who's enjoying this beautiful weather out here in southern cali☁☁☁
@nextbit looks sweet!... i think a white or silver power button / sim tray would polish it off
@nextbit. woah.
we're seeing a lot of gradients for the color contest. we're evaluating if this is feasible but at least you got us excited! https://twitter.com/czekalla/status/646043693820964864
@jeremy potts for what about the google announcement are you waiting before cancelling, if you don't mind me asking?
i have an original early adopter that i might cancel depending on the nexus announcements next week.  i'll post a time when i'm going to cancel after google makes announcement if i decide to pass on the robin.
verizon early adopter spot open.
@henry @abe @nextbit, another vote for getting marques brownlee in for some sort of an interview. i think his videos are very professional and informative and he's well watched for a reason. i'm sure he would raise additional awareness and additional pledges for robin.
@mike maddux that's actually one of the reasons our mascot is a sheep! clearly, we're android enthusiasts :)
message to @hl. i was planning on waiting until the day after the google nexus announcement  before deciding to back the robin, but you forced me to do it now so i could add this message to let you know how much i enjoyed your clever reference to phillip k dick's novel "do androids dream of electric sheep?", which was made into the movie "blade runner."
can't wait!! (bart scott voice)
@abe chung actually it looks like you juuust beat us again! super fast!
@nextbit you beat me!
@henry tom we are planning for a february 2016 delivery for the verizon model, including all testing! @nooruladeen ahmad stay tuned ;)
@noorulabdeen ahmad and @muji rasoul i saw the periscope and their teaser of the packaging... it looks very nice. if it's somewhere along those lines, i'd be vvvvery pleased with the unboxing experience. :)
@noor +1
@nextbit will the unboxing experience be just as awesome as the robin? ;)
@d'don washington true. though their mahogany skin is always a favorite of mine. i got it on my opo tpu case to give that red wood feel/look.
@abe chung - of course. just coming from a personal preference standpoint, that's why i did still rt in support of them regardless.
@henry tom i'm not sure if they're going to send him an evt unit, because large part of the phone deals with the cloud storage integration. mkbhd will probably receive a test unit during the evt3 stage (i assume), which will be way past when campaign ends.
also, another vote for getting marques brownlee for an interview for the robin. his online presence and influence might push this ks to the next level.
@jordan collins, some people don't want their information backed up to the cloud, no matter what. also, spec wars is a by-product of android-users. at the end of the day, too many people argue specsheets, without considering that not all specs are created equal. software plays a huuuuge part of maximizing the hardware's performance potential.
@nextbit lovely- "other phones" bit was unexpected :-)
@nextbit might be alittle early for this question about the verizon model but will that model be require additional testing by verizon or does the feb 2016 timeframe include this? as a long time vz user, they seem to be last in getting phones out due to their "strict" qa testing.
@abe chung good find, i think skins are great, and hopefully they separate the sections so we don't have to buy a couple to alternate. this reply though: http://prntscr.com/8iyfhh the ignorance.. it kills me.
@d'don washington remember...adding mainstream vendors to raise awareness for robin will only further increase overall brand marketing and increase supporters for the phone ;)
@abe chung - i like them, but i feel like they need to some new additions to their skins. they've been the same for years. though i know people's perceptions of slickwraps (dbrand themselves), at least they're offering a wide variety of skins, even a hero line now. cruzerlite offers a wider variety of skins too. but anywhoo, i still rt'd in support of their skins for the robin.
@hl you'll be able to get the mascot, cases, and other phones if you need to! @sikander khan we're sorry if we missed a question from you. we're responding to as many questions as quickly as we can, but sometimes things slip through the cracks unfortunately. we'll definitely have some more updates this week, so please stay tuned. as far as the color contest, we'll release 5 design renderings for you all to vote on next week on monday september 28th. please let us know if there's anything else we can help answer!
@hl at the end of the campaign you can add all the goodies such as cases and the vinyl mascot. so even if you have an early adopter spot you'll just get to buy a case with that :)
@nextbit @shane @deniz hi guys where can i find info one what i can add at the end of the campaign? was trawling through updates and comments and ama but couldn't locate. would like to go early adopter but think it makes sense to use a case for at least first six months and while travelling so torn between true rebel at the moment. the electric sheep is sweet but i can dream about that instead.
guys, if you want dbrand to support nextbit robin with some cool vinyal skins, retweet them! https://twitter.com/nuke4869/status/646043670458699776﻿
i have pledged for $349. does indian sbi debit card work on kickstarter? please somebody help
@sikander khan - yeah, they've actually been beyond good, they'd been pretty amazing with communicating with us. and it's almost like people forget the fact that they still are working on making sure the robin is as amazing as it's projected in the campaign,and i'm sure they have other things to do both business and personal. they do have lives. so they've given us a lot actually. additionally, some things are in the air, still being worked on, so they can't answer some things because there isn't a definite answer to them yet.
one early adopter empty!
@evonfreeman yes. all versions can include the verizon model, it's just that the verizon special is verizon exclusive.
sorry if this was answered, there's a lot of comments. will we have a choice between the verison version and the normal one for people who backed the kickstarter special level?
@sikander khan definitely understand your frustration, but if you look at the timeline, they're still working on software developments. they've actually been very timely with answers to the users' queries. be patient and they will answer in due time. and you always have until september 30 to make your decision if by then, you still feel that they have not answered your questions about the phone.
@shane indeed, they're a startup consisting of some 20 employees and they're already doing a better job communicating than a lot of the bigger firms out there, which in itself deserves major praise. it wouldn't be fair to demand even more from them...
@sikander - let's be patient! the team is working pretty hard to answer every single question and actually the answers could be found by just scrolling through the comments. as lars said, they are fine-tuning everything. let's not ask for etas and updates, they're coming as quick as the nextbit team has them. besides, the kickstarter has just about a week or so to go...why not  do a big reveal at the end...i mean voting starts today i think anyway so just have fun!
snatched up that early adopter spot that opened up! w00t!
@sikander keep in mind also that it's monday so we're coming off a weekend. updates generally happen on weekdays. nextbit deserves a little time off. lol
@sikander they are replying to a lot of questions actually, if they didn't answer yours it might be because it got lost in all of the comments or because it was recently answered. also, keep in mind that they are still finetuning everything, so the finished product won't be much different from what we've seen so far most likely. the phone is designed, its hardware parts are chosen, the colours are chosen... there's really not that much they can update now. there's the software obviously, and some cases, but aside from that... also, i wouldn't call 3 days without an update long, if they have nothing new to announce, why would they do an update? honestly, some quick looking around would have already answered a lot of your questions.
past 3 days no update on robin? did you finslize final design, color etc or still it is in the planning phase?
dear creator you are slow in replying our quires and doubt, even no more updates on final finish product. sorry but i dont know what will you with all the design. it's seems confusing as it's not giving sense? i dont know do i need to continue my backing?
@nextbit  i was wondering how the fingerprint reader compares to the other popular phone's readers?  such as how does the performance of the robin compare to the iphone or samsung readers?
@nextbit i have a question. what happens to the cloud storage if its activated and used. then the phone is given to someone else. can u still get access to your files. can the second person buy storage so they can take advantage of robins cloud?
@all thanks so much for your patience on the details for the verizon model. we understand there's some confusion about what specific bands it will support. we haven't updated the kickstarter main page with bands for the verizon model quite yet, because we're still getting the final details on this. a couple of main points: - we will definitely support all verizon bands on the verizon model - we'll have details on what other bands the verizon model will support in just a couple of days, please stay tuned!
yes abe i am closely monitoring the kicktraq page of robin.. and the pledges are slower now a days
@rahul, i'm sure you are aware that the pledges have significantly decreased. at this point, we'll reach 1.25mil by 9/25/2015.
@joel "@jim yes, but it does not offer complete hspa and especially lte capabilities for us gsm networks (att and tmobile)" that response was provided by nextbit for the verizon variant. it sounds like lte capabilities outside the us may be fine for when you are stationed overseas? not while you're in the states though.. but @nexbit the front page lists all the bands for both the cdma & gsm variants but doesn't specify which bands are on which variants. could you please help ease verizon adopter worries?
ah ok @rahul. sorry, my bad.
@annie and @muji rasoul i am a verizon user as well when i am stateside, but once stationed oversea i am concerned. i do have two early adopter spots right now but i am not sure if i will be keeping it unless we are given more information on the verizon variant. i might just have to look to the nexus or the motorola pure edition. i just need clarity in the area of the verizon variant.
@shane i dis not say i like his reviews.. its just that his videos are the most viewed... so this will help spread the message about robin
@kavya i'm not sure about 1.5. @rahul i don't really get why everybody likes mkbhd so much. his reviews really aren't great imo, and i've watched many where he doesn't even get the specs right, and doesn't realize features that other reviewers do.
kavya i suggest you look at kicktraq for your answer..i think we will reach in 3 days may be.. but not sure if we will reach the 1.5m mark unless nextbit does something different like sending out a unit to mkbhd for review.. nexbit team do u hear me here
what do you think guys, will we reach the stretch goal at this rate?
@mark  damn!!  ;)  :p
you guys arent getting my early backer spot!
@annie i as well am a verizon user with htc one m8. hopefully @nextbit can provide us with more information for the verizon version as this is a big part of our decision.
@abe not certain for everyone else. but for me, you're right. i, myself, have a verizon iphone and appreciate the fact that it is a "world phone" able to use most of the major bands and frequencies. i travel the states as well as other countries and switch carriers depending on signal quality. i want to support this phone and i wouldn't leave my early adopters spot but the uncertainty on which bands are actually supported for the cdma variant pushes me towards maybe a nexus phone? the front page lists all the bands for both the cdma & gsm variants but doesn't specify which bands are on which variants.
is it possible for us to get a prototype of the phone to replace the phones we are intending to change?
it could be because of the lack of updates regarding the actual bands and frequencies supported on the verizon version?
@rahul why are so many verizon backers backing out?
verizon early backer open for grabs
@nextbit is it an idea to make the black bezels around the screen in the color of the phone? so by midnight making it midnight, and by mint just making it white, or is this impossible?
aaaand it's gone.
early adopter spot opened!
@nextbit bumped up from below. i know that there was a question that produced a partial answer already but.. regarding the mobile bands, the front page list all of the bands for the gsm & cdma variant combined together, correct? so which bands are specific for the verizon cdma variant? i just want to know whether or not the verizon variant will get at least hspa+ data & voice for at&t if i were to ever decide to switch carriers. i'm sorry, i just don't understand this stuff very well but want to have this great phone for a long time.
@casualt it just goes to show what an awesome phone the robin is!
lol, guys the phone price/spec comparison will be different in some ways. there isn't one specific phone that has same spec/prices. comparisons will have to address the difference, but those are the closest devices with similar prices/specs. hahaha
motorola motox pure is $399 right? but it has only 16gig
i meant for the same price tag as well folks. $299. lol it's amazing!
@rahul ya couldnt quite remember for sure
@abe but nexus 5x starts at $399 for 16gb non expandable variant.. but we get 32gb in robin
@chris..it runs on snapdragon 805..robin runs on snapdragon 808
the nexus 5x will be its direct competitor because it is similar in almost every way spec/price wise.
doesnt last years nexus 6 run the same processor too?
@suraj amd anyone travelling from usa to india.. please let me know.. that will help me save a few dollars off my robin
lg g4 is pretty similar, runs the same processor/gpu
@nisarg desai @casualt oneplus2 doesn't have a 32gb model. i believe it's only 16/64. and some similar models with the phone/specs, would be the motox pure, oneplus 2, nexus 5x, lg g4, to think off the top of my head.
if we can believe the rumours, the new nexus 5 will have approximately similar specs, but it'll cost a good bit more depending on how much storage you want (which is never a problem with the robin)
@casualt - sorry, i meant the 16gb opt. and the specs are 'technically' better, but i've heard not so great things about it too....
@casault - the one plus two 32gb is $329. but the robin looks cooler :)
can the community do me a favor and name any other phone with these specs for the same price as this phone??? thanks.
@abe chung - no worries. that comparison is very poorly done :)
@abe chung thanks - i did see that article, however i was hoping someone like android authority/some in sf who went to the nextbit hands-on was able to compare it to the one plus two
@nisang desai hey, sorry about the 3rd comment. please take the specsheet on the robin with grain of salt. it seems the person covering the robin was ill-informed and listed a bunch of incorrect things about the phone's specsheet.
@nisang desai it should be pointed out that the link made two mistakes (of which i briefly noticed). i believe the robin does support the accelerometer and the gyroscrope. @nextbit can you confirm?
@nisarg desai it's hard to compare a nonexistent device to an existing one at this point, but in terms of specs, they both have pros/cons on different sides. but here's what i googled: http://gadgets.ndtv.com/nextbit-robin-2907-vs-oneplus-2-2813
folks - any good articles on how the robin compares to the one plus two?
@rahul any person coming from the us can get electronics worth ₹25k without paying customs. i'll surely let you know if there's someone else coming from there.
@muji...patience! its not even 8 am on the west coast yet. let them wake up and have breakfast/coffee.
three more designs: aquarium : https://www.dropbox.com/s/v9r6be3sj3r0byi/aquarium.jpg early dusk : https://www.dropbox.com/s/zkfld4z1zy1avx9/earlydusk.jpg late dusk : https://www.dropbox.com/s/xl92yqbg7iobc15/latedusk.jpg
suraj if u r frm mumbai then  ur friend can help me as well..
@bosskar, congrats buddy @other fellow indians, sure you dont have any friends coming from usa in feb? i'm getting my device shipped to usa and from there my friend is getting it to india. to save on $75.
you now frank.. if your wife/girl say.. darling all my girls have an iphone....;o) ..... @ bosskar yes but now just me...and i really know she will regret it..;0)
@ darko u & ur wife both had early adopter spot ahh?
@bosskar...my wife left... ;o)
nnnoooooooooooo! how could you let her do such a thing...
@chris frank...i would never leave never!!!!!!!!! i really love this company nextbit and robin. but my wife decided to buy an iphone...
@darko did u left early adopter spot r what?
why you leavin darko?
my pleasure ;o)
cooooool @ darko thnx alot buddy, u saved me $50!!!!!
did you catch it?
will the fingerprint reader encrypt our prints or will it be stored readably like the htc one max
look now at the early......
@ darko ya i'm here now
monday morning, give us some updates @nextbit
@bosskar... are you here now?
@bosskar you just have to monitor the campaign tab until you see one available, then hit ""manage your pledge" button and change it to the 299 early adopter.
many saying that the early adopter spot is open but i never saw one till now...! can anyone tell how to catch that spot?
thnx to all who clarified my little doubts...
@creator is this correct? fpc1145 touch fingerprint sensor fpc1145, revolutionary robust fingerprint sensor with flexible design solution  general description  fpc1145 is an evolution of fpc1140, providing increased performance and flexibility, which is suited for front or rear-mounted and recommended for side-mounted button integration with navigation.  the elongated form allows 360-degree rotation of the finger and unrivaled sensitivity that enables maximum performance without compromising on design aesthetics or user experience.  fpc1145 offers excellent 3d pixel sensing technology that reads virtually any finger: dry or wet. with a robust surface coating, it is capable of more than 10 million finger placements and withstanding daily wear-and-tear.  touch sensor technology combined with the small size of fpc1145 offers secure and convenient user verification, while a guided enrolment software increases the accuracy of captured images for an improved user experience
@casualt no sliding. just rest your finger/thumb for unlocking. not sure if you awake the phone just by scanning your finger, but i believe they're looking into it for future software updates (ie: like oneplus 2 or huawei mate s).
@kavya its worth it for the exclusivity you get...only a few people in india will be having the robin in their hands...even i had dropped my pledge thinking in the same lines as you r..but somehow the community and the people involved made me feel its worth it..
it's on the side and only a few mm thick, i guess you need to slide.
any word on what the fingerprint scanner is going to be like???? like will it be like iphone 6 and opo2 where u just have to rest your thumb/finger on it or will it be like galaxy s5 where u have to slide your thumb or finger. because that is a deal breaker for me.  i will cancel my pledge if i have to do any swiping of my finger or thumb because it will never work.
@bosskar the differences on the oneplus 2 and the robin: robin has quickcharge 2.0 with 3.0 compatible - oneplus 2 doesn't have either. robin has dual front facing speakers - oneplus 2 has one speaker on bottom. robin has nfc - oneplus 2 doesn't. robin has t-mobile volte certification for band 12 - oneplus 2 definitely doesn't. robin has 808 soc snapdragon with no heat throttling issues - oneplus has 810 underclocked soc snapdragon with throttling issues. oneplus2 has 680mah more battery. robin has pdaf for camera - oneplus 2 has ois/laf, but recent reports show that ois isn't even supported on current software for op2.
i don't think they have a big margin as it is, certainly with the 299$ version. that's why they don't "give" a case as stretch i think, it's one of the extras they can make money on.
@rik, i hope they decide to throw in some surprise goodies too :p (i know it might be greedy, but then too, human nature)
the 98 is not only shipping, it's taxes also. and for me it's still a very good deal, certainly with quickcharger and t-shirt and maybe even the 29gb extra storage.
i'm still wondering if the additional 98usd is worth spending :( 349usd is indeed a good deal for this phone. however, 447usd (349+98 for shipping), not sure :(
@bishu naik..agree, agree, agree! i agree with you 100%. it would be great to have dual sim (although in us not hugely important but for traveling, very useful). wireless charging is a must in future generations. and screen protector/case at time of shipping would be very helpful for those of us who like to keep our devices safe and sound.
are all of you sleeping? no activity for hours :)
support dual sim & wireless charging option to adding extra parts like screen protector/ case whiling shipping with the pledge
just wondering if you've thought about what you'll use the fingerprint scanner for. would be super cool if it was of a decent size so it could actually be used also for banking and paying, and not tiny as the insecure apple and samsung one.
@nextbit i've just visit the other smartphone kickstarter project page with 'complaints' on lack of communication and replies after kickstarter project kick off.  personal thought: nextbit made it unique by communicating with backers. i hope nextbit will make a point to provide update and continue to communicate with backers on the update after project has been funded. just thinking out loud.
@deniz nice mascot, but i would rather spend the $ on cases with my budget.  that's a cute cloudy sheep. @antosha according to nextbit reply to similar question, it is not possible to have hardware changes for the current robin.they heard us. let's see if robin v2.0 has the mentioned features in future.
$50k to go until free t-shirt!
it will be great to have wireless charging and dual sim.
@nextbit - i don't know if you got the news, but mkbhd wants (huge youtube tech reviewer) wants to get his hands on the robin. i don't think he will be able too, but it would be cool for you all to allow him to interview you or something. i think it would really help the end of the campaign. here's the tweet he sent out -> https://twitter.com/mkbhd/status/645462283230027776
@bosskar, sorry for the late response.  nothing much that concerns me to discard robin as my next phone. 1. screen 5.5in as opposed to 5.2 in robin 2. oneplus two has an octa core processor 3. that battery is around 3000mah
@shane mobbs - i did exactly the same :-) @ yvonee - here's the link from pineterest and instagram for the mascot model (not painted). https://www.pinterest.com/pin/2744449750828543/  and https://instagram.com/p/7mn0fnisqa/
@deniz i've not seen the mascot from pinterest. lemme go check it out. :)
@deniz i originally signed up for the true rebel pledge just because i wanted the mascot. then when i found out i'd be able to add it on at the end and an early adopter opened i jumped on it. that little guy is awesome!
@khang, @yvonne, i agree that it is a shame backers can't add extras to their pledge until the survey. it would bump up the amount. personally i`m dying for the vinyl mascot! have you guys seen the model on the nextbit pinterest page! i`m gonna get a tempered glass screen protector as well as soon as one become available!
just checking in glad things are progressing
the camera on the robin might actually be pretty amazing, especially with phase detection auto focus. i mean look @ this moto x pure edition (2015) comparison to the nexus 6 with it's phase detection autofocus and how clear and consistent the focus is start @ 6:24-6:50  --> https://youtu.be/4j2yu9l6oam . and with the third-party fine tuning. we may just be looking at a great camera. it also has the dual-tone auto focus like the moto x pure edition (2015)
@nextbit i am hoping for protection bundle of glass screen protection + case. in fact, for those backers who intend to get protection for robin, we would need to add at least $10-15 to our pledge fund. (this will enable us to reach stretch goal earlier?)
@suketu dudhat you will have to wait for @nextbit to answer your first question. but nextbit answered below that there will also be a standard tray and a "very special" tray for early 1000 backers.
@nextbit does the engraved "extra special" tray mean that it is not colored like the "special" tray? and just to be clear, does the "extra special" tray also come with a standard tray?
@nextbit i know that there was a question that produced a partial answer already but.. regarding the mobile bands, the front page list all of the bands for the gsm & cdma variant combined together, correct? so which bands are specific for the verizon cdma variant? i just want to know whether or not the verizon variant will get at least hspa+ data & voice for at&t if i were to ever decide to switch carriers. i'm sorry, i just don't understand this stuff very well but want to have this great phone for a long time.
let's see if we can get to $1,200,000 today.
my robin colour, inspired the survey corps - attack on titan 進撃の巨人 series  http://imgur.com/pqujkvc
engraved for very special :o) i trust nexbit to make it look sleek, simple, and in line with the robin design philosophy.
hey..if each backer just chipped in another $15....
we love all the #robincolor submission! we’re impressed by the community’s creativity :) you can check us out on pinterest for more inspiration: https://www.pinterest.com/nextbitsys/ @andrew alexander  you’re in luck! robin uses a nano sim. @rahul lakshmanan for early backers, the “extra special” tray is engraved. what with? that’s a surprise! for “special,” it is colored (colors tbd) it will be packed separately so that you can choose to use this or the standard tray.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b_9a15c4vugfag95cdg2oddndfu/view… community color submission #2
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b_9a15c4vugflufqadd5nelhnms/view… community color submission
here's my community color contest submission. i hope you guys like it :) http://imgur.com/gallery/j7rj0tu/
@shane thanks!
@andrew it's a nano sim
what size is the sim card tray? i have a nano.
:)
haha i think you win
@chris wanna take bets on how long it'll last? i'm saying less than 3 minutes. lol
early adopter open!
@stephen @robert i think @nextbit said sometime in nov/dec they'll have more info on the camera tuning. they're going through a 3rd party for tuning (i think they said dxo who are experts in photography to get the best results out of the sensor. hope this helps.
@stephen han how do you mean an issue? surely more of a concern than an issue, i agree it would be nice for some more news on it and hopefully they will brings us an update soon.
@rahul think they're still working on it but some prototypes are visible in update #3. nextbit responded to my comment confirming they will provide it as a spare part, so that you have a choice between the original super-statement design and the extra bit of bling, say if you had an extra shot of wine before you unboxed your robin.
i'm out. the camera is too big of an issue for me. best of luck @nextbit. i hope you succeed beyond your wildest dreams and i look forward to owning some of your hardware in the future. early adopter spot in 3...2...1...
@nextbit what is the difference between the very special and special sim tray.. i guess this was answered but i don't remember.. anyone whos knows the answer can help
@alhad as of now 4g is limited to metro cities like bangalore,  mumbai etc..but my guess is that we should see a pan india roll out of 4g services by early 2016..or latest by diwali
2300mhz is lte band 40 and 1800mhz is lte band 3..these are frequencies that telecom company bids for 3g/4g services.. auction is done by government of india.. both debit and credit cards are charged the same i.e. 3.5% of transaction amount as currency conversion charges.. mine is hdfc credit card.. i say u spk with sbi customer service for ur bank charges
@rahul what's the difference between 1800 mhz & 2300mhz? @ kavya what are the major differences between one plus two & robin? u came to know in that sites...
@rahul urs credit card or debit card? mine sbi debit card & i don't know about its charges...
@rahul @kavya is 4g supported all over india or only selected cities? last time i read ,only banglore had 4g support.
same here.. i am using nexus 5
@rahul, i'd always thought my next phone would be a nexus (my current phone is nexus 5),  but i was really impressed by the robin :d also,  i've small hands..  i don't know if i can get a great phone smaller than 5.5 inches elsewhere :)
u r welcome.. glad to see more backers from india
@rahul, that's great news!  thanks a lot for the info.  i was concerned,  as i came across a few websites where they compared the oneplus two and robin and they mentioned that robin doesn't support 4g. thanks again for the info. i'm relieved!  :)
kavya the new launches of reliance jio vodafone and airtel are on 1800mhz band which is lte band 3 which is supported by robin so no need to worry 4g is supported in india.. but the test launch of 4g in india was done on 2300mhz which is not supported ny robin.. the pan india roll out by vodafone reliance and airtel are on 1800mhz which is band 3. so robin supports 4g in india
@serene, i agree with @shane..great job on shy banana :o)
4g in india is most likely lte band 40, which i don't see in the spec list :( if that's the case, i'll have to withdraw my backing :( :(
@creator,  can this campaign be extended another 15 day's so it end's in the middle of the month  not on the 1st?  so it doesn't land on people's beginning of the month bill paying time when some of us might be short the extra fund's?
@rahul lakshmanan - yeah that would be perfect.
@creator i'm sorry i didn't find this pieces of information anywhere, but can you please tell if robin supports 4g?
@serene nice job on shy banana
robin design - inspired by ba na na ni na the shy banana https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b7dbyju3ofluql9xy3jnr1fuufk/view… bos's banana https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b7dbyju3ofluv3lqcnzrv0owdm8/view… :)
@d'don ya i hope nextbit does get a unit to mkbhd for an initial impressions video
@will stone detective is really nice
i'm dropping my early adopter pledge.
@creator nexbit would you guys consider a carbon fibre case and also does the usb type c port allow for audio output a la zuk z1?
my colour entries... detective: https://twitter.com/eggboxio/status/645239011301302272 cloud: https://twitter.com/eggboxio/status/645244663545372672
@rahul lakshmanan - i agree. that would really skyrocket the campaign. like let him get a short hands on, or do like a interview like they did with technobuffalo . maybe you guys should look into it @nextbit
and now, a collection of 3 seasons! https://goo.gl/photos/z9gbpa2pnzcfnoec9
i am from europe so i am not sure it helps. but it is a credit card.
@deniz try paint.net with the psd plugin. :) hmms my collection of 6 submission doesn't appear to be picked up from here or twitter... should i just re-upload one-by-one to imgur?
@anita can you tell me which bank did you use for the transaction and is it a debit or credit card.. hdfc told me 3.5% will be charged as currency conversion fees
@bosskar check with your bank.. i was told by hdfc that they would charge 3.5% of transaction amount as currency conversion fees.. even i have a mastercard
@bosskar it depends in the bank that is issuing it, they can tell you the percentage. for me it is 0.75 % and has nothing to do with the creator or kickstarter.
@anita mine is a 'mastercard' debit card, what about its exchange rate??
@nextbit would it be possible for the forums to be integrated into the cloud? as in, you tap the little cloud icon to see what's in there and one of the tabs is a forum only accessible by people with the phone. ideally there'd be a private and public forum (so you can hear owners clearly, and respond to would be buyers). call 'em nest and perch, heh.
@nextbit  i saw a tweet from mkbhd where he says he is trying to get hands-on robin to check features that you guys claim.. it would be pretty great if you can arrange that for him.. ash his tech videos are some of the most viewed on youtube.. i have also retweeted the same to you guys on twitter.. a good opinion from him will surely see a surge in backers lining up for nextbit robin.. cheers
@nextbit the maps shows ships to india but your comment doesn't mention india.. so a little confused.. i know u r shipping to india for the backers.. but will you guys be shipping to india when robin goes public??
@bosscar exchange charges depend in your credit card
@nextbit, since we're getting pretty close to that stretch goal...just curious if the team might have considered using the t-shirt design i whipped up a little while back? if no, it's all good! http://imgur.com/tz6gsro
@creator apart from pledged amount, will there be any dollar exchange charges?? any info about service centers in india???
@khang  can't stop, won't stop ;) @dennis we went ahead and whipped up a map of where robin will ship: https://goo.gl/qoj7sa
@nextbit - burning the midnight oil, eh?
@dennis  robin will ship to: us, uk, canada, austria, belgium, bulgaria, croatia, cyprus, czech republic, denmark, estonia, finland, france, germany, greece, hungary, ireland, italy, latvia, lithuania, luxembourg, malta, netherlands, poland, portugal, romania, slovakia, slovenia, spain, sweden, iceland, india, japan, norway, switzerland, hong kong, indonesia, malaysia, singapore, thailand, taiwan, australia and new zealand. and we're just getting started! @jj we will support localization in a number of languages when robin ships. you can check out stack overflow for android languages: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7973023/what-is-the-list-of-supported-languages-locales-on-android
a lot of the designs submitted so far are really good, but i still feel like nothing can trump the good old mint version nextbit already came up with. they got it down!
@geoffrey thank you so much!
@deniz thanks you. i also came up with this design: http://imgur.com/gallery/nq2mdso but it seems from the entries i've seen that lots of people have already used the idea.
@khang @vincent vecchio, thanks guys. i tried gimp. it doesn't recognise the layers but i was able to add one although my early efforts were terrible. will seek some tutorials and play around and see what i can do later.
@khang i tried gimp with the file given, but it did not recognize layers. it assumed the entire image was one layer, and so i was unable to change the colors around, sadly.
@deniz - i'm not sure about the full functionality of gimp photo editor, but it can open psd files and you might be able to play around in there - plus it's free. check it out: http://www.gimp.org/downloads/ - g'luck!
this might have been answered already, but short of printing and hand colouring the mock up, is there any other way for playing with the colors without photoshop?
@levi nice and bold.  makes a statement for sure.
http://imgur.com/gallery/odinb1q my entry
@rahul lakshmanan welcome back to the campaign by the way.
@rahul i also think the way kicktraq counts the days there are 10 hours left on today.
@nextbit a post showing which countries were added to what is likely to be last add during campaign, accept sprint usa, would be informative.  i see japan as an addition, but didn't know which others, as nothing to compare to.
@dennis ya i saw that.. i said based on the daily data shown on kicktraq.. i checked the last 5 day's data... and today is the lowest
lakshmanan, i mean.  sorry for the typo.
@rahul lashmanan look at days before yesterday.  because yesterday included the special pledges of 300 verizon backers.  it's on track.
@abe today there is a dip in the number of backers.. just saw on kicktraq
woah, a lot of content. @all colorway renders look dope! @nextbit a lot more backers since i last stopped in. we'll reach stretch goal in no time!!!
@jj spamming to another crowdfunding site (even under a thinly veiled google short url) is not going to be tolerated. these have been reported to kickstarter.
@nextbit people have been advertising this "magical cable" since the beginning of the campaign. is there a way to block them? it is just spam.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
did @jacob tremblay just mock my me? lol seems he and i has one brain and has same reason, eh? @nextbit pretty sure once i get financially settled, i will get this amazing phone. i made the wrong decision on backing up the ubik uno first. :(
@nextbit  1001 backers?
i think the pinterest link that someone mentioned earlier is a good overview of what color variations was done so far. good work everyone. https://www.pinterest.com/nextbitsys/robincolor/
sorry, verizon
vetizon now available.
hi all, i'm dropping my early adopter pledge. bills are coming by the end september and i don't think i will have extra to purchase this amazing phone this coming october. so people watch out i have an early adopter. i hope it's still available to purchase after the campaign.
@nextbit wow thanks! hopefully other people like these colors too!
@rey - you're welcome. i hope so too
@d'don washington thanks! i hope @nextbit likes them!
glad things are going so well...
@nextbit, that's awesome, thanks for your answer!
@stefan mansson we're just getting started, and in the near future we'll continue to engage with community and listen to everyone's feedback. when robin ships, we'll start registrations to our official forum. lastly we plan to make robin more widely available, but it's too soon to tell if nextbit will start moving into different fields of tech in the near-term.
@rey - i love the midnight mint. i hope that's one of the one's that is picked out of the five. i love the underwater one too.
@nextbit, how do you see the near future after robin is released? will you start expanding more as a company and maybe moving into different fields of tech as well? @erkan, the $95 also includes vat not only delivery.
@ratnesh kansal that's not how pledges work. when alvin withdraws his pledge, it is simply a new open slot. the first person to see that open slot and fill it is the one who will be lucky enough to get it. there is no way to transfer the spot.
hi guys,  i am also dropping my early adopter pledge,  great phone,  great concept but delivery charge to uk puts me off which over $100.  good luck nextbit!
i've been so impressed with everyone's submissions. here are mine: https://drive.google.com/folderview… #robincolor
with all these amazing color entries, it's tough to be sure we are answering everyone's question. thanks to all you wonderful commenters for addressing as many as possible. here's us chiming with more information: @alvin we are so sorry to see you go. thanks for your support. we hope you’ll stay in touch and consider ordering robin when your finances are more comfortable. @jj sorry, that magical cable is usb micro, we use usb c @alin we tried to optimize robin for the biggest screen that you could hold and use with one hand, we did not take any extra steps in the software for one handed operation since we know most our users want an experience as close to stock android as possible. @wesley matthew yes the verizon model will come gsm unlocked, but the gsm and lte bands that are not for verizon are mostly for roaming outside the us. it would not work as well inside the us @chad awesome news. we’re getting messages about many people converting their whole family to robin. glad you’re one of them. @isaiah m there is a notificiation led on the bottom of robin for more urgent things. the leds on the back will let users know that their robin is doing something special. (although there are times when those leds might do other special things too. we’ll see ;) ) all the specs are locked down now, we can’t change to oled for robin, but maybe for some future phone. additional case designs are still under consideration. if robin gets popular enough we can expect options from 3rd parties too. let’s work together to make this a success! @roger m kickstarter does not accept paypal. we knew this would effect some people who wanted to back us when we chose them. however we think kickstarter has one of the most trustworthy and positive platforms out their for companies like us trying to get our thing out into the world. we’re sorry about that. once robin is available publicly in february, we expect to offer paypal as a payment method.
@alvin hi, just pledged. was wondering if i can take over yours. please let me know.
@frederick that's one of my favorite roshe colorways! i own the midtops. love it. i'll see if i can mock you up something you'll like.
love the designs so far! i like the retro nes design. i just want to remind people about 2 things: 1) it's going to be more of a matte finish rather than metallic/gloss (which i love btw) 2) try to envision owning the phone in the color schemes you own/vote for. i might end up getting either the mint/midnight anyways, but i just hope the color scheme vote in can make a statement and be beautiful and be practical
yes i got early adopter! saved $50
i'm not really a photoshop user, but i would love to see a black/coral version of the robin. colors like this - https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/49/a0/8e/49a08e68c25e3e2b7d2a3b53055a78cd.jpg
hey alvin.. sorry to see you leave this campaign.. hope you join us on nextbit forums whenever they will get created in future.. robin will be made available to public in february.. tht is what i got from their ama
@alvin, thanks for your support all along, hope to have you back with us when robin is released to the public! wish you the best.
hi all, i'm dropping my early adopter pledge. bills are coming by the end september and i don't think i will have extra to purchase this amazing phone this coming october. so people watch out i have an early adopter. i hope it's still available to purchase after the campaign.
@robert cheers mate! credits to the barebones by nextbit.
@robert newton - oh, i see.
@vincent vecchio oh, ok.  well thank you, i will be sure to read through that. thank you for answering the questions as well, really helped me get some of the confusion out.
@maximus yes, you can just keep your spot. also, you don't pay anything until the end of the campaign.  you may want to check over the kickstarter faq section. it was my first campaign, too, and it helped answer a lot of questions (some of which i didn't even think of until i read it).
i also have question to users. this is my first pledge on kickstarter. i have the early adopter selected. however, i have not gone to the next step. now that the early adopters spots ran out, as long as i have the spot selected (because i got it before it ran out) do i have to confirm, or can i wait for a bit longer before i actually pay. thank you.
@vincent vecchio ah, ok, thank you, i was beginning  to worry. so then i can keep my spot and they are now offering verizon support for all the phones? if that is the case, then nice! i cannot wait to get my phone.
@maximus you don't need to change anything. i also have an early bird spot. all other packages can include the verizon version of the phone. the 300 verizon only slots are simply because people with verizon may have been wary of pledging since verizon wasn't guaranteed at first. basically, the verizon special was only for verizon people (so they could get a chance at the $299 pricetag). however, all other packages are available for both at&t / t-mobile and verizon versions basically don't worry, you can choose the verizon version of the phone when you fill out the survey at the end of the kickstarter!
@maximus, you can choose verizon at the end of the campaign via the survey. however i believe they are not shipping till february though.
so after sometime i decided to come back, and i found out that you guys had phones that support verizon? it looks to be sold out or something. since i have early adopter, is there a way to change that for verizon version? i am a bit lost. are you doing all the phones verizon or is it something special? thank you.
thanks for the compliments! if you missed them before here it is again so you don't have to scroll down. http://imgur.com/a/w0slo
@d'don washington yeah some great designs there! not my designs though they are somebody called @hl from an earlier comment.
@robert newton - i love the 2nd one, and the 3rd one. but, i would love the 3rd one more if it was blue instead of red, lol. but the 2nd one is definitely my favorite
@casualt yes to both, except 2600 for lte if im not mistaken
here's the link for you guys to check out: http://imgur.com/a/s7ebf
@hl quality designs their my friend! my favourite is the second to last, dark grey with metallic blue, gorgeous!
does this phone have lte? and an accelerometer???? thanks
looking forward to my t-shirt! go stretch goal.. more gb's is nice too.. but i'm a material man..
@alin.i don't think they would add any stuff like that.. as nextbit said they would try to keep android as stock as possible
woke up to my oneplus 2 invite... always good to start the day with a laugh
@ rahul lakshmanan there is not much difference between 5.5" my courent phone and 5.2" robin. if you take into account that that is the diagonale of the screen, the on the overall dimensions of the phone there will not be a very large difference. even more so on the width of the phone. for example my current phone has 77.4mm in with and the robin  does 72mm in width. when operating a large screen phone with one hand you need 2 things: 1. the weight of the phone to have a good grip in the hand in any position and 2. to be able to reach at least any character on the opposite side the keyboard with your thumb. don't get me wrong, i love large screen phones but for people such as myself who have small hands it may pose problems especially with a light phone whi has no one hand operation features... i don't know how to better put it than that, but i was wondering if overall anibody else has encoutered these problems and if so, there is still time to include all of the abovementioned in the first release of the phone. shouldn't be a big developpement issue but it would be a big plus for the phone as meny people avoid large screen phones beacause they are to tell you the truth more dificult to use with one hand than smaller ones anyone see my point?
@yvonne luckily it won't take 11 more days, we'll probably get there in 3 days :) good question though, i'd be interested to know that as well!
70k to hitting the 2nd stretch goal. :) 11 more days to project funded. @nextbit beside the design of robin, any update on the tweaks n progress so far?
@nextbit guys are you going to support the camera 2 api at launch?
@alin the robin is sports a 5.2 inch screen.. and with its thin bezels i don't think there is a need for one handed mode here
@nextbit the designs @nick grazulis created should be in the top five!
@nexbit did you consider implementing one hand operation features like the galaxy note line?  i was thinking that being a relatively large and light device this could be usefull. forthemore, being a phablet user, i think that the weight of the phone helps in its operation with one hand. if my 5.5" phone were to be ligther i would of dropped it everytime i would of tried to use it with one hand. what do you guys think?
i like tom rupp's "batman's sidekick" one, but, i envision the top cap as the cape that goes over the shoulders rather than the shoulders themselves so i changed it to be yellow.  i tried to color the nexbit name and logo on the back as yellow also, however i can't seem to get that part to color correctly so i left it black.  the backplate slice seems to have an effect on the graphic slice.  of course it may be that i'm just not selecting it the right way. http://i.imgur.com/koemdum.jpg
@nick grazulis i love the tree top one, i love the second one too. but  i love the tree top one more. that definitely should be one of the 5. it looks amazing. you did a great job.
is the verizon version of this phone going to come gsm unlocked just like all lte phones on verizon or only going to work on verizon
a handful of new ones. http://imgur.com/a/rqcyf
r2-d2 inspired episode ii (or is it episode v) http://imgur.com/bbxd1on
@kua no worries, nice one!
@stefan got it! thanks so much! here's my attempt. hope you guys like it :) http://imgur.com/gallery/snjk5pp/new
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@kua k.t preferably save it as a .jpg and upload to http://imgur.com/ and send over a link!
@hyde i really like all yours, good job :-)
@stefan thanks! managed to get it now. what format should i save it as, and how do i share it with you kind folks? :)
a collection of 6! https://photos.google.com/share/af1qippwzrdon2u2utqdghivqbdqmaxbjoxuwiy5mw1cpv3owklza-zrk6vlubptix7cua…
1 spot open for early adopters guys!
@kua k.t right click the "graphics" layer -> select "blending options" -> select and tick "color overlay" -> select the color box and pick a color. make sure the "graphics" layer is at the top of your layers list. let me know if you need anything else
@nextbit http://imgur.com/a/w0slo
hi everyone, am trying my hands on adding colours to the robin but don't seem to be able to colour the cloud and nextbit logos. any kind soul able to provide some assistance as to how do i do that?
@simon thank you for your compliments! :)
@chad kemp love it!  we found out with another phone that my still intelligent and ex-old school tv tech 94 yr old dad wasn't/isn't a candidate for smartphones; partially because he won't give up the landline which is also his internet provider;)  small, rural town in iowa.  hope your parents enjoy it/them.
@christine lao suggest you might try adding some color to the cloud and nextbit logos.
i was able to get my parents in on the verizon early bird this morning. i am excited that they will finally be able to have a phone on verizon (who, unfortunately is the only carrier that covers where they live) that is free of all of the bloat... and has a ui that is not touchwiz!
here's my submission for the contest~ ^_^  gray blue: https://goo.gl/photos/ar8f2ap1mueq8zqr8
@shane - might be interesting.  i tried making the up power button red but i ended up just liking the one i posted a bit more.  sooooo many things you can do.  at the end of the day, i think they can't be too elaborate.
have you tried the r2-d2 inspired with the bottom also being grey?
@robert i love r2! wonder how it would look to do white bottom and back w/ blue sides, silver buttons/logo, and silver top. blue leds
@angelo brown  yes, is the short answer.  the 808 was not chosen because it was the latest or fastest.  but, rather it is and was tried, tested , available without possible supply issues (now and later), more than adequate to do what robin overall intended to achieve and probably to a lesser degree a cost factor combined with everything else.  their concept as they mentioned in reddit ama and here as well i believe is more based on what you do with what you choose as components to be a time sustainable phone. (the opo is still being sold and sought after and it's over a year old and it has the 801.)
i got in for verizon at 9:30 east with 10 spots left after me.
r2-d2 inspired: http://imgur.com/apth6kd
we are definitely going to make it to the next stretch goal!
@dennis it was about 10:10 est i think.
all about android podcast had an interesting question as they talk about your phone a couple weeks ago.  when the phone is released next year with its snapdragon processor will it be valid mid-range phone
blackboard http://imgur.com/ya2lgu2
@nexbit congrats on reaching 300 verizon fans in less than 7(?) hours. anyone catch close to when the 300 was reached?  i imagine someone did.  expect a similar special pledge (maybe) for the sprint rendition.  would give another good bump in backers, but i suspect nextbit already knows that.  also, the $299 price point is likely sacrificial to nextbit.  but, in usa it would widen that fan base.  it has to be remembered it is a global phone to reach many markets.
woohoo! glad i got in as a verizon backer...good job nextbit! oh here are a few color variations. https://goo.gl/photos/vax5nhnbfgkfhyux8
all flash sale verizon now gone! was just checking kicktraq. more comments today than any other day so far!
also thank you @simon.
oh wow. thanks for link shane m.
@shane m. i saw some, but don't have any interest in pintrist  lol, no account so can't look at the nextbit page without signing up, and i hate creating new accounts for everything in this day and age. but that you.
@timothy did you check out nextbit's pinterest page? i think i saw some there. https://www.pinterest.com/nextbitsys/robincolor/
@timothy, hyde has made one called candy corn...you can see it in the following link: http://imgur.com/a/x51jx
can someone please make an orange body phone with any other color for the borders? i have not seen any orange based models yet. i don't have the software to participate. thanks everyone.
@hyde, i think your candy corn lite is fantastic! i hope it makes the cut, because i would order that one hands down.
is there a program or online website i can use to edit these templates? i tried gimp, but it only thinks that there is 1 layer on this file.
wondering if someone can make a nextbit robin android wear watch face
i'm enjoying this colour tweaking!!! everyone has their own taste and uniqueness!!
@kang was scrolling and found this rendition.  i like the contrast. http://imgur.com/pmo7kam
here's another color scheme. a kickstarter colourway: http://i.imgur.com/8ezuzqx.jpg
@isaiah machiz have thought about using android pay? seeing that robin is a cloud based phone maybe using its nfc capabilities can help with the credit card.
i'm going to upload to social media later but for now here's an album: http://imgur.com/a/x51jx names added for funsies. (to be honest i'm really partial to white, so i'm crossing my fingers)
a few special pledges remain.  doubt they last the day.  anyone you know stuck on or a verizon fan, let 'em know
photoshop pros can anyone help me: 1. the graphics won't color properly, they are way more muted than the color i pick, as if the back color is over it - i've even rearranged the layer and can't seem to make the colors appear properly.  2. using command u on the mac does not let me me enter a hex# for a color, anyone know how i can color a layer by using the hex#? thanks friends!
this is my other entry. similar to the neon green and black except the black is a violet/electric purple. the buttons and logos will still be neon green. i suppose you could call this "hulk" or "joker". i do believe this one makes more of a bold statement than the other. check it out: https://goo.gl/photos/mjx3zpmnvgrcjfce9
i sure hope you guys like this! it would be amazing to have a phone in my favorite colors. i also believe neon green is becoming very popular. it wouldn't show up in photoshop but i also changed the buttons and the logos to neon green. it would make them pop in person.  check it out: https://goo.gl/photos/qpmyklgi25m5c9386
i sure hope you guys like this! it would be amazing to have a phone in my favorite colors. i also believe neon green is becoming very popular. check it out: https://goo.gl/photos/qpmyklgi25m5c9386
@hl you'll be okay, once you get your paws on one!
@yoram ohebsion  2nd one is pretty good, the darker grey is good.
thanks @dennis. that could be possible >_<
he is a second version of the yellow color option https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b7jkm33gosbrownkylfhtfnjnvk/view…
just curious, why the led's on the back for cloud status? it doesn't seem like something remotely urgent enough?  any hope for switching for an amoled screen? (the only spec that i'm bummed about, but that's just a preference). also what're the odds we can get a case with a card slot in the back? i looove being able to slide a credit card and a metro card into my phone. thanks and super excited for this!
my twopence on the colours: http://imgur.com/a/s7ebf nextbit not only made me signed up to kickstarter but also made me use imgur for the first time. oh what a bother :) good stuff from ornella and geoffrey btw-
here is a color option https://drive.google.com/a/mytbwa.com/file/d/0b7jkm33gosbrsmxvyjfnxznpnvk/view…
@nextbit, why are you not excepting paypal credit? i just been looking over my finances and i maybe short to make this payment by a couple of days and sadly might have to cancel it do to the fact that oct 1 is when it ends so might be mine!  : 0(
verizon, there all gone now!
@shane mobbs likely by end of day, or before or early tomorrow.
@nick gonzalez maybe @ the $5m stretch goal.;)
i'm honestly kinda surprised that some of the verizon 300 are still available. thought they'd fly.
@nick gonzalez can be added with a separate pledge, upgrade pledge or add at time you complete survey at end of campaign.  if things go really bonkers far remainder of campaign it's possible.
here's my fel green take on robin: http://imgur.com/mcbousa
can we please, also get the vinyl sheep if we hit another milestone
or post-phoenix, maybe.
phoenix.;)
@dennis, i hear you getting another nexbit
in essence, being one that has changed oem's 3 times with my last 3 phones.  i am confident that when i am ready for another it will be with nextbit, not another, without knowing a thing.  i'm that confident in what they have done and will do.
i know of another oem that "blew" it big time as to the use of what they chose.  and it may come back to bite them in the ***.  time will tell.;)
@simon a need rather than a want for "better" specs is something i am considering more and more as i traverse the technology landscape.  maybe i'm just getting wiser.;)  i knew upfront with the 808 processor and camera that they they may not be the latest, but rather the best tested and fit my needs.  i see nextbit as making a better and best use of specs chosen for good reason.
for fun, when robin meets mcdonald's and becomes ronald: ronald 1 : https://www.dropbox.com/s/4q6inoz3dj4zrho/mcdo1.jpg ronald 2 : https://www.dropbox.com/s/r4nw01x4sdvmf8n/mcdo2.jpg
@dennis, normally i replace a phone about every year and a half...but i have a feeling with the robin, it could last me easily 2-3 years...the only reason to replace would be for better specs, and hopefully robin 2.0 will cover that :o) and i'm sure they would still offer unique colors!
with good enough specs and features to be able to do that?  hmmmm.
is that a purpose of robin after all, not having or wanting to replace it because it is unique and gets smarter over time?
here's a thought.  with a very awesome and cool, uniquely colored phone, that has limited production.  will i ever want to replace it???
retro gamer phone is my favorite so far. hope it wins!
@robert nowak, i agree with dennis...my favorite so far
@rogerm the cloud for robin will not yet move music, but by moving loads of photos and unused apps intuitively will leave more room on phone for music.  glad to have you as a fan amongst fans.  it will be better than your s5, no problem.
doubt there would be any at all, robin is probably going into production soon
jeremy - wireless charging would be a nice to have, but i don't think there'll be too many major hardware changes.
wireless charging as a stretch goal?
@robert novak my favorite by far.  http://imgur.com/b1jx6vx  thanks.
i wish i understood a lot of your tech talk, some i do, but all i care is that it has the newest internal chip sets, good camera, audio and indeed my main purpose for it, i need the huge storage capacity as i store a lot of virtual reality apps on mine and music and totally i have no storage space left  on it, as long as it's as good as or better than my galaxy s5 i will be happy for a long time, a lot of nice colors you all have offered here. i just hope we make all the stretch goals possible and success to nextbit as a business as i would not like to see them disappear. i'm going to sit back and come back time to time to see where were at! keep up the good work guy's!
i....can't.....stop.... :) http://imgur.com/w4jlsrz
thanks @vincent.  i'm hoping so too.  as much as i like some of these designs, i love the nes scheme and think i don't tire of it because, at it's base, it's still very neutral design.  i made some changes though to make it a better representation: http://imgur.com/b1jx6vx - made the red a bit more orange-y - changed the power button to black - lightened the gray slightly - finally figured out how to change the color of the graphics.  made them red like i wanted to from the beginning.
@dennis @all we are extremely glad to see our community members sharing our vision. keep going everyone, we have our eyes and ears open.
@thomas @all i fully expect in 2016 the robin will explode akin to the opo last year, maybe even more, as it is more visionary and mission savvy oriented.  we are all fortunate to be able to be a part of that in get in on the ground floor and continue to be a part as people get interested and get onboard.  the campaign is just the beginning.
@michael tiberia: yes, the user can lock the bootloader
the purpose will be known and embraced by more people after the campaign.  you can bet on it.
@thomas it's (robin's purpose) is often either overlooked or not taken into concert with the overall presentation.  not here necessarily by on the web in general from commenters to the various articles.  i think it some ways it will remain somewhat so until it is actually launched, reviewed and has hands on use.
@rogerm i just use photoshop to change the color, the phone itself is going to be a more matted plastic so it wont be glossy. i just wanted to go with a color scheme that doesnt pop as much as mint, nor is as reserved as midnight. and i love the color red which is why i went with this dark ruby theme
@thomas you hit the nail on the head.  many people still do not get the purpose and intent of robin as evidenced by comments from naysayers in the many articles on the web as to why not just sd storage vs. cloud.
@nextbit @all, i wonder if we "heart" the designs we like on the pinterest page it would provide some feedback as to what designs we prefer...it would help in determining the top 5 designs
@martin rutkowski i love your design!!!!
@abe chung, agreed on sensor function and placement.  i wasn't sure for now if it allowed for mere touch.  hope to see it implemented with an update.  otherwise fs is only good for android pay or the like and safety to access to phone for some.
for @rik: http://imgur.com/pmo7kam there you go!
@dennis, i agree. to me, the color is not a deal breaker; if nothing else i'm happy with the 2 standard options. however, that being said, i think there may be more interested stimulated if we can clear some misconceptions up. i'm already backing because for me, this phone is the next big thing. it's got hardware, software, and style. the only thing that may keep people from buying in may be related to misunderstanding the phone's purpose.
@vasilios stefanis ,  i like it, if not so dull colored, the center is the color of my current phones case, magenta...why don't the color's displayed have a gloss finish? all that i have looked at are just dull, not like a photograph or is that the limitations of the program that all of you artists are using limitation's??? even nextbit photo's are dull colors???
@sami patts i think those features are a bit gimmicky. i rather just have the simple clean tap to wake with the fingerprint sensor and the traditional button. the phone already put the sensor on the side, which is unique in its own right.
another one :) classy red http://i.imgur.com/sqk35ll.jpg
@nextbit - thanks for the clarification! as the user can we lock the bootloader so that rooting is not possible? with the oneplus cm os, root access was possible with the bootloader locked or unlocked. i think that is the other security factor airwatch mdm checks for. thanks in advance!!
here's my coloration which i like to call ruby, hope you like it! https://goo.gl/photos/c9qv9ucrqlefvtpr9
@rogerm good question, i not sure how they would/could respond if you are willing to fulfill contract, can't see why they would object to you changing phones.  imo.
@abe thanks for your comment, we will investigate the touch to wake up for our future software versions
thanks @abe and@dennis for enlightening me on cell phones! hope it's going to be well worth getting another one, do you think that verizon will have to keep me in the remainder of my plan with a new phone or can they refuse to offer me pricing plan's same as if i bought the phone through them? it seem's to me i once had an unlocked phone and the carriers were going to sock it to me by high price plans for not getting phone directly from them, is this sill cell phone providers way of screwing you? or have things changed in the last few years?
i do know nextbit had already mentioned no tap to wake feature.
@saml pitts  my guess is it's too late in the process, as this would require some sort of hardware change/addition.  but, i could be wrong.  hardware can be tweaked, but pretty much is set and ready for production.
a knock/tap or shake/wave feature would be nice to wake up the phone without having to touch the power button. i've see it on the lg3/4 and on the motorola droid turbo. will this be considered? i enjoy features like this that aren't your typical ways to do things. be different right?
good question on the sensor @abe.  curious if a mere touch will wake or fingerprint in combination with push is required?
@abe chung @rogerm roaming issues likely to being worked on.
@rogerm no worries. roaming, i'm not sure. @nextbit will have to clarify. however, regarding the gsm and cdma compatibility, nextbit briefly mentioned that the band frequencies for both doesn't always overlap or is compatible. so in terms of roaming, this will be interesting to see how the robin fares with roaming out of verizon coverage. sorry, i'm not much of a tech person either...i just know the basics. hope that helps.
@abe, been away for an hour, thank's for info on s5 and robin verizon, will it be able to roam if needed? also why can't robin be both at&t and verizon compatible? i don't understand all the tech specs on these phones, christ i'm 66 yrs old, still in the stone age kinda.  : 0( all info appreciated! also, thank god for spell checker's! now if i could only see the color's good on my hp chromebook that are submitted all are dull color's that i can see.
two colorways. lime-midnight:http://i1081.photobucket.com/albums/j344/evan_degray/robin%20-%20community%20color%20lime-midnight_zps8aarovzc.jpg blue-lime: http://i1081.photobucket.com/albums/j344/evan_degray/robin%20-%20community%20color%20blue-lime_zpsp8a4w05f.jpg
@nextbit, will software updates simplify the fingerprint touch to wake process; something similar to huawei honor 7 or op2?
we're loving all the #robincolor submissions we've been seeing so far! @gero  sorry, the verizon special ships to the us only. we’re working on making robin more widely available. @rogerm  we haven’t made any changes robin’s specs. we think it’s a solid value for solid specs. also, with robin you never run out of space :) @michael tiberia @kikemtz  root won't be enabled out of the box, but with an unlocked bootloader, you can do what you want. @hörandner lukas we do not support double tap to wake up. if you are using the fingerprint, you will tap the power button once and then put your finger on it again to unlock your device. @heidi  we provide a one year warranty on manufacturing defects. we'll have three service centers in asia, europe and the us. also worth noting we are using gorilla glass 4, one of the best and widely used glass in the industry.
verizon backers, tell any friends or family that are thinking about it there are less than 75 special pledge spots left.
my hopes are still that the nes style color scheme makes it as the kickstarter special!
i'm expect an insurance option, if even from a 3rd party.  i know nextbit plans on  3 service centers: i.e: europe, asia and usa.
i have seen this question asked multiple times but never answered, what are my options when it comes to a non warrantied issues? i can get phone insurance for any other phone for things like a broken screen. someone else made a good point to mention that i can't take this phone into any old phone repair shop and pay for a new screen, broken button, lcd, etc. what options do we have to get the phone repaired outside of the warranty? the most common concern being the screen, am i stuck with a cracked screen? thanks in advance! i'm proud to be one of the 300 verizon backers!
maybe they (nextbit) are busy working on the sprint variation. ;)  and another special pledge segment.
wow, disappear for a sec and there are now over 3,000 backers and climbing. onward to the next stretch goal :)
the design, concept, transparency and active involvement of nextbit is all awesome, if you are new get onboard and prepare for an exciting ride with the launch of robin.
you guys have been a busy lot today! great to hear from all the new backers as well
@jordan. there 3 indeed are nice. i like the ones from kang also, so i4ve got 5-6 favorites.
kang yes. and the buttons and the other things you made yellow.
@dennis all in good fun. having a very own kickstarter special is nice and heart-warming to know that the company wants to create something special for its users. unless the kickstarter colorway is weird...then i'll pass. hahaha.
that's for the quick reply guys! i'll stick with the early-adopter. can't wait for february!
i think all the talk of color for the contest and sim tray, while fun, are somewhat trivial.  please don't dis me for this comment, just my opinion.;)
@abe yeah they've gone all silent again! they are defo up to something!
lol - i just changed my pledge :p - true rebel special :)
@dennis lol sall good. it's friday! and yeah, @nextbit is trying to throw us off their trail about the special sim tray. hahaha.
any news on the sim trays? i spaced out for a long while ha!
@chris frank is also correct.  maybe, i should butt out today.  i'm really off my game today.;)
oops, i'm wrong about no level.  @abe is correct.
damn, guys, we're on point. three comments for one user..that helper service quality doe.....
@dennis they are bundled with the $399 level
@stephanie jarvis cases are not bundled at any level at this time.  will be available as add ons at time of survey at end of campaign for a cost.
@stephanie jarvis the tradeoff is the phone is really affordable as early adopter and you get a very special sim tray, but it's not going to include the case and vinyl toy. if the vinyl toy and case is worth the extra $100, go for it, but for me, the exclusivity and the option to add a case at end of campaign is a better deal.
@stephanie - i don't think there was any mention yet on the cost of a case. we'll have to see when the kickstarter ends! :)
i got in on the $299 verizon special, but see it doesn't include a case. how much will cases cost for those of us that don't have them bundled with our kickstarter package?
@rik - just clarification - so you want a red logo on the blue chassis?
i'm not really keen on anyone else's colours yet (haha) but i've narrowed down my own lot to these 3 which i think would look so good in real life:  frost bite: http://imgur.com/tto4fqc shades of black: http://imgur.com/xq7oatm shades of grey: http://imgur.com/x4ig7xw @nextbit don't pin these, they're already on there.
@tyler welcome aboard!
@khang i like both of yours, could you make it with the logo/... in a nice red?
@thomas - the psd that was provided is really fun to play around with. try it out for your own..maybe your combo will be picked!
@thomas as an first group early backer and fairly active here since near the beginning i agree with the "must have" sentiment.  i am partial to the top and bottom being the same however, more symmetry in it's aetshetic appeal. imo.
choice was between the new moto x pure edition or the verizon nextbit robin, glad to say i went with you guys :) though the moto x is still up there on what impresses me for customization.
@muji, from an article "even carriers using the same frequency band may not have compatibility for roaming. for example, at&t and verizon are each using 700 mhz to build their lte networks. but they use different slivers of this frequency, and because the "bands" aren't harmonized, the specifications are different and devices built for at&t won't work on verizon's network and vice versa. this is why a new 4g lte-enabled ipad on verizon's network can't operate on at&t's network." source: http://www.cnet.com/news/why-verizon-4g-lte-smartphones-are-a-bad-choice-for-world-travelers/ i was hoping that technology would have improved to include it =) and to directly answer your question, qualcomm owns the royalties i believe, not verizon.
i'm seeing a bunch of designs from the backers; unfortunately, i haven't seen anything that strikes me as a must have combination. but it does look like we're well on our way to that 1.25 stretch goal!
my question is how did they get verizon on-board?
@christopher wong  bingo, that was it
@chris frank, found it in the comments of the update "@jim yes, but it does not offer complete hspa and especially lte capabilities for us gsm networks (att and tmobile)" now, to know which international bands will be offered =)
@christopher wong ya i looked but cant remember where i saw it, possibly the ama couple days back, i'm sure they will answer you later today too.  im pretty sure it said that it will have limited lte bands and therefore would not be able to jump back and forth between gsm and cdma.
@chris frank, i have not read anywhere saying they would not have all the gsm bands. if you did can you please reference?  and regardless whether it would or would not have all gsm bands, the phone would still be different due to added cdma bands not being the same as gsm bands.
@nextbit this kickstarter has been amazing! you guys are doing such a kick ass job. qq: can you guys comment on the screen's brightness?
@dennis, yes verizon is prepping or have already prepped the new volte network.  however, i am curious to know if this phone will include all the gsm bands as the non verizon version.  basically making the verizon version the same as the non-verizon version but with added bands for cdma
@christopher wong i saw somewhere yesterday on the web that even verizon is possibly putting forth new phones with only lte bands.  when it didn't address.  can't recall where i saw it.
@christopher wong there will be plenty of gsm bands, but we don't know which ones.
@christopher wong  i believe they said it would not, otherwise there wouldnt be a difference.
i hope the verizon version will include all the gsm bands along with the added cdma support. *wishful thinking though*
oops, sorry @gero typo.
@geo finger sensor on power switch will wake.
@rogerm here's a link to your phone's camera comparison to the same sensor (don't look at the other stuff, since they're not going to be the same as the nextbit robin's specs): http://www.devicespecifications.com/en/comparison/130844419 now it seems that the sensor on the s5 could be slightly better, but it will always come down to how much the company maximizes the software to bring out the best potential in that software. from what i remember, s5 is not bad, suffers a bit in low-light. we're just gonna have to see how the camera fares in low-light after they finish their sensor tuning. on the other aspect of the phone, the nextbit robin's about 120mah smaller than the s5, but the robin's processor is built on a 20nm snapdragon 808, rather than 801. overall you're getting a better phone for cheaper...not to mention touchwiz's awful bloatware.
iphone 6+ user here.. backed the verizon model as i want to see the phone succeed.  it will only help the consumers more if products such as these succeed.
@hörandner it has the could integration which is unique. but no tap to wake/fingerprint detection when off
@abe chung, no i'm coming from the galaxy s5
i'd love to see project fi team up with nextbit!!
have robin some software features like double tap to wake? or other features like camera quick start
@gero nice. welcome to the #exclusive1300 :) (added the 300 verizon customers).
@abe i did!
@gero did you get the early adopter for the gsm?
pledged. please make this in red!
@rogerm that depends on what your current phone's stereo and camera quality is. from the periscopes and explanations of the stereo, it seems like it's gonna be nice. they put a lot of time into the size of the audio-holes...however, this is the extent i know about the stereo. now for the camera, they're sporting a samsung 3m2 13mp f/2.2 isocell sensor with pdaf. this is the same sensor found in doogee pro 3 (i believe that's the name) and the oppo r7. the camera sensor is decent, but does poorly in low-light conditions. @nextbit is very much aware of the importance for camera quality and has partnered with some big guys to get the software optimization and the algorithms down to make sure the camera is the best it can be. so if you're coming from a samsung s6...i'm not sure how much better the camera is going to be. however, if you're coming from something like a nexus 5 and opo, i think it should be better. @nextbit confirmed that camera samples will be available around november december 2015.
@kikemtz thanks! @gero dont mention, lets celebrate!
@ornella thats what makes @nextbit great.
i also changed my pledge to $299.....yessssssssssss..wwwooooooowwwww
glad to have joined you guys. by the time i get my verizon nextbit robin phone, i'll so be ready to replace my htc one max.
thank you :3 can't waaaaait to get my robin ^^ ! thank you nextbit for letting us messing with the design, it really feels like we're part of the project i love @jeffrey's mint chocolate, @alvin's emma frost and @studio_nora's back to the future (yayyyyyyyyyyyy piiiiiiiink \o/ )
lol! in a hurry i guess, i'm retarded today!
woah! stretch goal here we come!
@kikemtz - i guess i'm hoping then that the os isn't "inherently rooted" and just unlocked. @nextbit can you confirm one way or the other?
@stefan doesnt seem that far now.
@dennis hahaha, i think it's $250,000 then free t-shirts.
@abe chung, thanks for info. now since i haven't been following this much before since i am a verizon customer, has the camera and stereo been upgraded much?  as i use my phone primary for photo's and my amazon purchased music. and apps of course, which i ran out of space for them without deleting some of them witch bummed me out, not even enough room for all my updating them so this should be much better for me now.
free t's reached and surpassed.  wahoo!  onward and upward to 129gb in cloud.  git'r'dun nextbit!
@suraj congrats
@suraj holy shit i did it too! thanks for the heads up. @nextbit @abe solved
halfway there from 1mil to the next stretch goal!
@gero if i'm understanding you correctly, you're saying that you can't take the verizon early adopter pledge and choose gsm? but people who chose early adopter (in the beginning) can choose either/or? if that's the case, then sorry there's no more spots left. i'm not sure if the early adopter option in the beginning has choice for verizon, but i could be wrong. @nextbit could confirm this later though.
@gero they are freeing up space. keep tapping that refresh button. i just changed my pledge to $299!! :d
love it @khang, and @kaspar wong ! and wow, pledges have jumped so much in the last few hours. i guess thanks to verizon. we may just make the $1,500,000 stretch goal. whoo! let's keep it going!
@nextbit @abe thats what i mean. its sad that i cant get a early adopter for europe with plenty of vrizon early adopters left. people who are already early adopters could select it at the end or now and free a space up that way!
@rogerm it makes sense, verizon is cdma, most of international users are gsm. but i anticipate it selling out before 4pm.
@michael the phone does have a tweaked os.
for reference, the airwatch mdm explanation for not supporting the oneplus one: "the oneplus one device is inherently rooted on the os level from the manufacturer. our compromise detection algorithm detects this type of device rooted upon enrollment. so even the device has no superuser application or it has not been rooted by the end-user, it will remain compromised on the console. given the variability of the modified os on this device, airwatch would detect oneplus one as a “rooted” android device. this is because the device has a customized os that gives it more flexibility and access to the kernel of the os. it also enables users to bypass security policies and settings that pushed down from airwatch. some of the airwatch security policies cannot be successfully applied on this device. that is the main reason why we flag it as a compromised device."
wow!  i thought the verizon robin would be gone in minutes? not that many verizon customer's on here then? still over $150 left.
@abe hmm..true. cant wait to get my hands on the phone!
@abe hmm..true. cant wait to get my hands on the phone!
@suraj varma that'd be pretty sweet, but that would negate the $399 backer's case addition and most people would then just choose the $349 pledge.
will the robin and the os be compatible with airwatch? my company uses airwatch agent and i was unable to get my oneplus one to work with it because of the tweaks to the os. i'm nervous i will have the same issues with the robin. thanks!
@nextbit, oh you beat me to that comment to michael h ;)
@nextbit how about adding an option between the t-shirt and case as next stretch goal? thatd be great :d
@michael h i'm not quite certain of the full lte band support on the verizon sku version. i don't think nextbit released that info yet. also, the sheep will only be included in the $399 pledge. otherwise, i think you can opt for it on add-on?
@nextbit @derek bryant was talking about the $698 pledge level. ;)
@timothy visually, the verizon special is the same robin. no bloatware in sight. @gero the verizon phone is us only
@derek bryant you will need to create another account to get another verizon early adopter price/slot. otherwise, you can add an extra phone to your order at the end of the campaign in the backer survey - but it will not be at that $299 price. @michael h you can add the sheep in the end of campaign backer survey. the verizon version will work internationally, we'll let you know of specific bands as soon as we can.
got also an early adopter yuhooooooooooo!!!
what are the chances the phones will be shipped before feb?
@abe chung thank you for your speedy and correct responses! you're awesome
@gero no i think there's confusion. the verizon special is an option for verizon carrier customers to be able to have an early adopter unit. the other pledges should have a verizon option, at the end of the campaign, during survey. @nextbit could you confirm? also, @brandon williamson yes the cases, once finalized should be available for all customers to add-on at the end of campaign, during the survey portion.
@vincent vecchio, thank's for the info. i had an s4 but don't recall them transferring a sim card from it to my new s5. learned something today, i was thinking going to t-mobile if i didn't get a verizon version today as signal is better for me with verizon. don't know if t-mobile has a better plan though??
i bought a verizon version! will the sheep be included here or should i buy it separate? also, will the verizon version work when travelling internationally?
@derek bryant yes, you will have an option to pick verizon variant when completing survey at end of campaign as well as color and adding of any accessories of your choice.
ended up not liking the pops of gold...you're my boy blueeeeee! http://imgur.com/klt3uyi
by pledging $698 to the verizon version do we get 2 phones? just want to verify that before i commit
i am one of your sheep now for good!
@rogerm i originally upgraded to a galaxy s4 a couple of years ago, and when that broke i bought an htc one m7 and just transferred my sim into it and the phone worked. i'm guessing they must have switched a while ago because i remember when upgrading to my s4 in july 2013 i had to activate the sim card with it. i just want to know if i should be prepared to have to go to a verizon store and have them transfer me to a nano sim from my current micro sim.
i think that its a bit sad that early adopters can choose verizon or rest of world but verizon cant...
@brandon yes, there will be a survey at the end of campaign to add on accessories like the sheep or case.
i thought verizon dosen't use sim cards??? old ones never did, i have now the galaxy s5?
will the verizon buyers be able to get a case?
@michael the information is on the campaign page. gsm 850/900/1800/1900  wcdma 850/900/1800/1900/2100  lte bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28
does the phone have a micro sim tray, or a nano sim tray? my verizon sim card right now is a micro sim so i don't know if that would mean i would have to get a new sim card if it were nano sim
how do you tell your number backer for the verizon pledge? it still lists me at old pledge i had of #1984 ??????
at once
can we order 2 verizon's at one and just pledge $598?
excited to be one of the first verizon backers, will be nice to have a phone that looks completely different from the rest! -thanks @nextbit
will there be any option for insurance coverage for us klutzes? sorry if this has been asked already.
what bands will the verizon version support? i want to know for international travel.
messing around with colours (｡・ω・｡)﻿ moonlight : http://imgur.com/abskazm
can't wait!! see you later verizon bloat!!!
looks like the very special sim tray is still only exclusive to the first 1000 backers, that's interesting.
i'm sorry if this has been answered but are the verizon versions unlocked for oversea use? us to china for example? just swap out the sim card?
i think i got the first verzion pledge!!!!!   ya!
will the verizon variant have all the bands of the non verizon variant?
i was within the first 27, wonder what it was exactly. just saved $50, woo hoo! thanks, nextbit. :)
w00tz! thanks for making the verizon variant
looks like kickstarter had some issues overnight so we couldn't see all your comments coming in :( we're back now! we'll be catching up and responding. ps: the colors you guys are creating are amaaaazing!!!
i want nothing to do with periscope, sorry for me i guess.
just having some fun this morning! http://imgur.com/vpslmec
hurry up and make my robin already. i want it, no, i need it now!! pretty, please :-). signed, an anxious backer (like a kid three weeks before christmas.)
@chris frank i kind of agree with you. i keep seeing all of these over-the-top colors and it almost seems like it's too much color. i'm a fan of some of the more conservative designs, but it's seeming so far like i'm probably just going to go with the regular mint version anyway.
@gero i'm pretty sure i saw somewhere the verizon version is gonna be us only.
i liked the concept of the idea, but now that i am seeing all these wacky color designs, i feel as though @nextbit had it right from the start, i think they have all reinforced my idea of one of each original for the household
@nextbit this color scheme idea is brilliant.  i was really on the midnight color, then i switched to mint.  now i'm a sucker for exclusive colors.  lets hope we vote a good one in.
@ornella i liked the teal as well.  good job!
btw here is my degin for anyone who missed it: http://imgur.com/mfkux6i
@jeffrey @ornella batmin and teal are the best ! ornella, you have a real colorful talent :)
can you use the verizon phone in europe?
@michael cupo i'm down for encouraging people to take their phone obsession more lightly, but what's wrong with engaging in a fun little project, from a company who is being as transparent and audience listening as much as they can? debbie downer over here.
@robert nowak no need to feed the troll, let him be, he'll get bored eventually. nextbit should also deny his pledge as well.
@michael cupo utilizing the donald trump plan to make friends and influence people. :-)
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
couple of simple designs with robin egg blue color. http://imgur.com/qlyqb3n http://imgur.com/sfm5lwj
@ornella agree, teal is very nice, can yo do another with different accents, maybe matching the top section of the phone rather than the white/cream in your first render??
@nextbit am just wondering if a 360-degree view of the different coloured robins (after the backers-only colourway is confirmed) with the different case options (scrapes/bumps/bruises in available colours) is feasible? it would probably help us in our decision-making since we can then have a clearer picture of how the robin+case that will eventually end up in our hand will look like.
@rogerm have you checked the periscope stream? might give you some more insight on it.
on my computer screen all the color's look dull, nothing bright and gloss looking? are they the true colors shown? rather dull looking!
a first try: http://imgur.com/kibktqi
@jeffrey - i like the color on that last one.  nice job with those.
@jeffrey cheng yo that batman one is nice.
just a couple more: http://imgur.com/gallery/5jlx1/new
@steven oh wait, my predictions were off, for some reason, i thought it'd be another 1,000 backers. $1.25m by 9/22/15, and unfortunately, reach around 1.45mil by 9/30/15. sorry, hahaha.
@robert nowak  you should rename intense neon to "80's workout" haha
@lars that's real awesome, thanks so much! will look through them in a bit..and maybe try to come up with something of my own too..though have not used ps before, haha!
@abe, @lars oh i'm confusing myself with the 1.25 and 1.5 goal...  i guess 1.25 on the 21st, but maybe @abe is right..
@abe looking forward for your design.
@ornella teal design is really nice. i think it should definitely be in the top five.
i wanna show you guys what colors i'm thinking off. i probably wanna call it the gentlemen's robin. hahaha. i'm at work right now atm, so i'll have to do it over the weekend!
@kua if you want an overview, nextbit pinned all the different designs on pinterest, go check it out!  https://www.pinterest.com/nextbitsys/robincolor/
wow, away from here for close to a day and so much has happened!!! too many designs to look through, but some of them are really awesome; ornella's teal, alvin prado's captain america and robert nowak's ironman designs are amongst my fave for those that i have seen so far. please keep all them designs coming in! i'm getting so so so excited by this whole project!!! *squeals* sorry...that was a bit off...but i'm really excited!!!
@abe @steven yeah, i can see the verizon flash sale give a serious boost. it really looks like more and more people are hearing about nextbit and jumping aboard, i love it.
@steven, yep! here's the conservative breakdown: 18th: $300,000 from the flash sale and ends with $1,375,xxx by end of day. 19th - 24th: conservatively, $21,000 pledged/daily. i still believe in critical mass so this will probably change, but i'll stick with my predictions. :)
@abe did you include the 300 verizon devices (us299) that will be opened as reward in your calculations. that's another 89700 in a few minutes
@steven my prediction is $1.5m by end of 24th.
@austin in general, yes, on including lte bands 2/4/12, and they're ~working~ on volte support.
will t-mobile be supported?
+1 for @ornella's teal (almost as good as the midnight mint combo)
@abe my guess of the 1.5m mark is on 21st.
@matthew nice, congrats!
@nextbit please chose @ornella's teal color for the top five.
at this point, we might be able to hit the $1.5 million mark! let's keep it going guys!
let's have a 'glow in the dark' color and material to replace white area of mint?  (i'm getting wild on imagination indeed).
welcome everyone! well on our way to the next stretch goal!
@tom - haha.  true.  definitely not for me, but i tried to make the craziest one i could.  reminds me of a 90s aesthetic.
@robert nowak: looking at the intense neon i no longer need a cup of coffee this morning to wake me up :)  thats bright!
@ornella all of those are fantastic.
welcome guys! this is an awesome community!
thanks @matthew minton. when i read your comment i decided to look at the pledge section and i also got and early adopter!
@matthew minton congrats! welcome on board! man i really hope they pick the teal one as one of their top five. it's one of the best i've seen so far!
got an early adopter yahooo!!!
mint and midnight. http://imgur.com/tb9hh1m
midnight, mint, and white. http://imgur.com/dzr6o7w
intense neon. http://imgur.com/hekqbln
the verizon flash sale will give a solid 100k bump... :-)
yep i'm definitely diggin' the teal too! looks stunning!
@ornella the teal is awesome!!!!!!!! i'm going to vote for this one for sure
@ornella the teal one looks really cool... for me one of the best color.....
@ornella the teal one looks really fresh! even better than the mint one in my opinion!
you guys are doing some really good work. hoping i can figure out a way to add my own this afternoon after work.
ornella, ik like your teal.
i'm adding my favorite colors ^^  teal : http://imgur.com/oao3vnd lime : http://imgur.com/8dsu8gw goldenrod : http://imgur.com/btwlw3h
@lars @steven there should be a surge of backers with the verizon flash sales later today. my guess will be 23/sep for the 2nd stretch goal.
here are 4 new ones : https://www.dropbox.com/s/rjtycjp8zp48e9s/1.jpg https://www.dropbox.com/s/mggmkaoec796qo4/2.jpg https://www.dropbox.com/s/4ifqo4gz0thk3mr/3.jpg https://www.dropbox.com/s/g52l1hlvvuyijz7/4.jpg
@steven yeah, it just hit me that if it does we'll get to the second stretch goal a lot faster, and definitely at this rate, the increase in backers the last few days has been crazy!
@lars i suppose it will. 1.25m around the 21st is my guess
@nextbit do you have any backup plan for your servers where we store our data in case of an emergency like a flood or a fire?
does anyone know if the verizon flash sale will count towards the stretch goal? would be awesome if it did! we could get that much closer to our t-shirts.
@stefan mansson thank you for the link. watching it now! :)
for anyone who's missed it or wasn't aware it happened, here is the periscope stream where @nextbit talks about the design process and many more interesting topics! https://www.periscope.tv/w/1yqgonopxmmkv
nice inspiration from the avengers haha! keep it going guys!
@alvin prado really liking that frost colour, my favourite so far, simple but clean and elegant
some of those avengers look really nice!
so many good designs. tonight my wife is back, i'm going to point her to pinterest :)
@rik - thanks! did you want to see the cloud as white? i kinda wanted to just keep little pops here and there and not overdo it...:)
boy..this is just so addicting...here's a couple more, but just inverses...something a bit more conservative - http://imgur.com/a/je7uz
nice khang. put somewhere a white element ;)
here's another one - this one is pretty bold for me, but i took the colors from the fb/twitter banners: http://imgur.com/xvkeui9
jeffrey, i like your mint chocolate one. i somewhere saw a white-cream/purple one (robert nowak?), that's one of my favourites (team-colours).
oops mint chocolate: http://i.imgur.com/skxhqav.jpg red robin: http://i.imgur.com/ixma0r9.jpg
two last color schemes from me, there are some similar color schemes, but just slightly different already submitted: mint chocolate: http://juniojeff.imgur.com/all/ red robin: http://juniojeff.imgur.com/all/
my guess is that 1.25m will be achieved around the 21st.
@rahul - there was one already - https://www.pinterest.com/pin/2744449750850781/
if there will be 300 verizon devices available for u$299, we will see an extra us$89.700 to the total amount. and it will only take a few minutes.... that's good news for the stretch goal!!
i'm missing the fun without p.s software. is there any other application i can use to let imagination run wild?
@all i'm overwhelmed by all the color creativity. if i follow the pinterest site, i won't miss a thing?  or do i have to click all links below separately?  keep up the great work. i wish that i still could see the periscope today after work....
guys someone pls make an iron man kindof color combination.. the limited edition of the s6 looked very cool.. can anyone try it for robin
hi all - hope you like this one. trying to stay aligned with the pastel-y feel with a slight pops of color. thought of some mist and sunlight..hence the slight blue and gold colorway. not too high on the bold scale, but i thought it would be one that people would feel comfortable with. http://imgur.com/salzmiu
http://imgur.com/a/ou2iz not the most bold colors, but some color schemes that i thought might work
http://imgur.com/a/wwy81 let me know what you think. i saved the best for last.
some of the designs are amazing, gotta turn my computer on and start working on mine.
@haydee ip here's your harley quinn, not the greatest but i tried. lol http://i.imgur.com/z8e0jo9.jpg - harley quinn
http://i.imgur.com/9aoqgfw.jpg - scarlet witch
http://i.imgur.com/wnsqbdx.jpg - emma frost colorway
@nexbit, one or two questions about the verizon update. one, is the verizon model any different than the other models? in terms of design? is verizon making a deal with you that adds any bloatware one that version of phone? because verizon is really bad with that crap. i will have more questions about this i'm sure. those were the first to come to mind. thank you.
@nextbit, the periscope stream provided a really interesting insight into the creative process behind the design of this phone. love that you shared that. also love the kickstarter only colourway competition. keep up the good work and cheers for taking all this active feedback into consideration.
do the winners or the #colorrobin finalist get anything or just the option to purchase the phone in that color?
adding the 12 band will be really nice im stuck with tmobile for 2 years. no contract, but 2 year payment for the g4
need one for harley quinn!!
wow, there are some really nice ones! i love them.
the avengers inspired colorways: http://imgur.com/iryvqe0    - black widow http://imgur.com/izcaede     - captain america http://imgur.com/cphh8nd  - hawkeye http://imgur.com/9v9ty87    - the hulk http://imgur.com/ofcgsdi   - ironman http://imgur.com/jjyfrzy    - thor and http://imgur.com/r2pjpps - the flash
okay, these are the last ones. seriously final. i deleted the rest (so the links won't work) i love the midnight blue, so that's kept the same, but the other two i changed. mint chocolate - http://imgur.com/btbmr7n batman n robin - http://i.imgur.com/uitnsco.png midnight blues - http://i.imgur.com/fgqjb7a.png
here are my the avengers inspired colorways + the flash http://imgur.com/a/qj1a4
okay, i had to fix them mint chocolate - http://i.imgur.com/wqazgic.png batman n robin - http://i.imgur.com/nsttgnd.png midnight blues - http://i.imgur.com/fgqjb7a.png
the cloud. http://imgur.com/cgdtqct
sorry for the double comment but i keep hitting refresh and the comment wouldn't show.
it is fixed :d please delete the other one. i chose this colors because of the red robin and their eggs being mint/bluish in color. http://imgur.com/ylpiquv
iron man inspired color scheme: http://imgur.com/6ni54s6
it is fixed :d please delete the other one. anyway since red robins are well red and have mint/blueish eggs i took that as an inspiration. http://imgur.com/ylpiquv
so more like this: batman n robin - http://i.imgur.com/0uafugo.png mint chocolate - http://i.imgur.com/azx2nad.png
@dennis we have already contacted tmobile for band 12 certification. we can't foresee any reason it wouldn't happen.
@all nice designs.  @nextbit will the chosen design be a limited edition kickstarter robin? (i'm torn between mint and midnight. with these new designs, i'm torn into bits and pieces now)
sorry everyone that i'mso late. this stupid clase. but i did two simple ones (i'm sure they have already been done by now) but i call them: batman & robin - http://i.imgur.com/rcmwqiy.png and mint chocolate - http://i.imgur.com/rdpomve.png i'm pretty sure the top and bottom pieces have to be the same as the front and back, but the way the photoshop file is, it let me do them like this, so i did.
all these designs are quite unique! pretty damn talented, you guys. if i can get the online photoshop up and running, i'll post something, i find i'd be down to rock on the daily!
thanks @ abe.
my daughter may work up something for color rendition(s) for me to put forth.  she's a very gifted and talented artist.
@dennis no news yet, besides the reddit ama.
@jordan these look really great! i really like #1 & #12.
help me out guys. been off the grid most of the day. and too lazy to scroll down through everything.  anything new about t-mobile band 12 certification yet?  at least i have the verizon option to fall back on.
@shane nah, i'm not a fan of it personally... i'm really hoping for the kind of theme colours i have below, very subtle base shades with striking accents.
@jordan... i really like #7!
here are a few more... the yellow one reminded me of a creamsicle ...food seem to be an inspiration for me :o) http://imgur.com/ekh0soo http://imgur.com/qg15bto http://imgur.com/v1cjlaj
@jordan i really like that last one! are you gonna submit the mint/chocolate you did earlier?
@nextbit, awesome thanks!
alright, here we go: http://imgur.com/a/vd20w i've named them all :) #1 - brightsky_light #2 - brightsky_dark #3 - icecave #4 - frostbite #5 - frostbite2 #6 - frostbite3 #7 - oppositesattract #8 - oppositesattract2 #9 - oppositesattract3 #10 - shadesofblack #11 - shadesofblack2 #12 - shadesofgrey
@simon nortman @rey submit as many times as you like! also, we've been pinning all the submissions we've gotten so far. so check out our pinterest (and follow us over there!) https://www.pinterest.com/nextbitsys/
hashtag name should be #colormerobin
is there a limit to the number of entries we can submit for the #robincolor contest?
thanks @paul... bigger than i hoped. oh well... cooking up some tasty colours.
@nextbit, is it one entry per person? or can we just keep creating?
@dennis, @nextbit, here is my version of the mint chocolate robin...with reeses pieces :o) http://imgur.com/5zhw26x
@nextbit. i think i may have some crayons laying around somewhere. :-)
@shane mobbs you can always print the file out and go old-fashioned with crayons and markers :)
blurgh! i wanna join in on the fun, but i don't have ps
this community is amazing! nice work everyone, i'll find some time tonight for my contributions :)
heres my contribution. my two favorite colors: pantone emerald and orange! http://imgur.com/lam0qwi
@robert nowak  that is an awesome colour scheme! nice work! everything has meaning. love it.
same as last, but with same top and bottom.  unfortunately, i really think the top and bottom need to be the same color.  ideally white or black for viewing.  or something very light or very dark (like midnight or mint). http://imgur.com/sih72su
@jordan collins... scott has confirmed on twitter that the bezel dims are: left /right = 2.3mm, top/bottom = 3.5mm
okay, one more.  this one is meant to be metaphorical.  the white represents the cloud.  the blue the sky.  the green the earth.  the phone connect the earth to the cloud.  the yellow is meant to evoke a lightning strike. http://imgur.com/znxyro1
i'm thinking something like this would be fun. it's pink for the ladies, but also reminiscent of viscera for the guys. :p http://imgur.com/5qachau
we're loving the colors you guys are creating! keep them coming...and don't be afraid to go crazier ;)
no idea why dropbox lowered the quality, i'll try again
someone should do a gameboy model!!!! grey back, purple buttons, and a pastel green top/bottom!!!!!
this is my take on robin, what you think?    https://www.dropbox.com/s/654hhfxpi6y0g01/1442525300969.jpg…
@kevin thanks but i've seen that article, believe they are just renders. with the iphone screen sizing at 4.7" and robin at 5.2" the iphone 6s looks larger (doesnt mentions its the 6s) so was just after some real life comparisons!
@stefan http://www.martinhajek.com/iphone-6s-vs-nextbit-robin/
i wonder how a white on pastel green robin would look, replacing mint with a pastel green. i dont have photoshop
hey @nextbit, could you please take a quick snap of the robin next to the iphone 6 if possible please? thanks! :)
@nexbit, can we have 2 extra versions? male/female? otherwise i'll need to vote the same way the missus does...
here's my colour choice: https://i.imgur.com/id0gglg.jpg
@nextbit @joshua thanks for the reply! go robin!
@joshua: thanks for the response!!!! it is exciting for us to see our community members helping each other
@kevin the bands are on the main page of the campaign with the phone specs. gsm 850/900/1800/1900 wcdma 850/900/1800/1900/2100 lte bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/28
@nextbit, midnight/mint or the nintendo version should be in top 5, otherwise it would be a shame!  either way, i love your commitment to the community. keep it up and you're gonna go far, kid. feel my reference?
@nextbit "yes, but it does not offer complete hspa and especially lte capabilities for us gsm networks (at&t and t-mobile)". could you be so kind as to elaborate on your response to a backer made above? which radio bands will be included for the gsm model and the cdma? thanks!
@vangelis we are still working on the sprint version. please stay tuned.
@creator does the update mean that the new version will work for sprint network as well?
@amy: you can change the pledge to $299 verizon version tomorrow. just make sure that you get in early :)
p://imgur.com/mfkux6i. i call it the nextbit robin kickstarter edition. plase note i had to do it in paint.net since im broke backing this :d
@batangueno: the phone specs (battery, memory, display etc.) will remain the same, except for the fact that the verizon version will work only on verizon network
@nextbit, sorry you squeaked in just before my comment. i'm hoping i can change to that $299 price. it sounds like i can do that though?
@stefan - i read that and wanted to make sure i was interpreting the verbiage correctly. thanks. @robert - i paid $349, i want the $299 price. :)
@amy: if you are already an early adopter, you do not have to switch your pledge. you can choose the verizon version when the survey is posted
@nextbit i think it's really time for a small website/forum where we can continue and have topics for everything. the money is almost in the bank, time to use it :)
@tom rupp the robin hood (love the name btw) looks really good!
thanks rik, im glad it loaded ok
nice nigel.
hope this works! heres my idea http://imgur.com/q1xbexi
and yes as @robert said, these should be available february.
added a new one to the album. album has arkham knight, batman's sidekick, robinhood, & the robin's nest : http://imgur.com/a/dfw3b
@amy elizabeth - this is just for you on the new update: "because verizon subscribers couldn’t participate in the early adopter reward tier, we’re doing something special for you: a verizon only flash sale. starting at 10am pacific tomorrow (friday, sept 18) we will offer a verizon compatible robin for only $299 to the first 300 backers. this sale will be limited to us backers only and is only for the verizon version, not the currently available version. mark your calendars. set your alarms."
@amy elizabeth i think you can change no problem. i have seen though that if you are already in the original early backer, there is no reason to switch. once the campaign is done, you will be able to choose what carrier you use. though if you pick verizon they won't be shipped in january. if i am wrong, somebody will correct me.
don't know how i came up with this, maybe because i'm dying for some candy right now... anyway, here it is robin candy color https://www.dropbox.com/s/jahlgalrtf1uao1/robin-candy-color.png…
@chris frank not exactly what i was going for but hell, lets go for it! go vikings!! (even though i'm a cowboys fan, sorry)
can you provide technical specs for the verizon version?
so can i attempt to switch my pledge to the verizon early adopter sale or is it only for newcomers?
@robert ivy  go vikings !! ha
it is going to be so hard to pick top 5 for the @nextbit team, i do not envy them. i may as well add to the confusion, so here is another one. http://imgur.com/1363dea
i'm loving @robert novak's nes color scheme! and definitely @dennis passage's tropical colors
my tropical robin https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b0cy9q4jn5a1qzc3y0jjni1nvjq/view…
@robert novak damn, that's retro and awesome.
@robert novak yeah very nice design! just a heads up though, put into thought how the os colour design will look on the screen with the colour design of the phone, i just think some would look off.
@robert novak ooh, nicely done!
nice robert.
@robert, nice one! :)
@stefan - thanks.  think i figured it out.
my nintendo controller inspired robin: http://imgur.com/f3ojw9g
@robert, you would need to have photoshop installed. if you need help you can message me and i can whip it up for you!
i have a cool design.  how do i actually save the picture file?  i've never used photshop.
@tom rupp @robert ivy - those colors are awesome!  hope at least one if not both of those make it into the final round. @nextbit - thank you for clarifying, loved the periscope!
cherrybomb simple but i love the color. https://drive.google.com/folderview…
luke, a bit of white with that and i like it :)
@nextbit, what would be difference between verizon version vs others robin phone?
@giacomo the verizon version should be available in february. and yes, all robins purchased through the kickstarter campaign come with all the same extras.
pretty plain, but i like purple! http://i.imgur.com/mbsai1c.jpg
@nextbit when will the verizon version be available if not in january? and will it still come with the very special sim tray?
i'm loving martins plum version so far
@abe for you "arkham knight colorway" pulled colors form the logo. https://www.dropbox.com/s/mqbucfv3mtej7fw/arkam%20knight.png…
i second stefan's mint/midnight
@geoffrey neat man! looking really good!
thanks rik
@lars haha yeah indeed man, all of them look great so far design-wise, but ye you nailed it!
also nice robert. colourfull and discreet.
http://imgur.com/a/16mqc hope you guys like what i came up with!
nice one geoffrey.
i believe the phone ahould be sprayed with the water resistant coating like in the turing phone and sony z5. that should solve the problem for those in a rainy city
@geoffrey spot on! that looks pretty neat :)
@stefan mansson yeah, i'm 99,99% sure i'll stick with midnight. i think we kind of have the same taste, we both want a low key phone that doesn't stand out too much(as far as colour is concerned) , as you described it, 'stealthy'. i'm not a fan of bright colours, and seeing how they really want to go crazy with the colour designs with this project, i'm fairly sure i'll stick with midnight. that said, some of these concepts look really good, like the batman sidekick one, but still, i won't diverge from my taste :) i hope that made sense!
thank you stefan, here is my entry : https://www.dropbox.com/s/o1yoxrkx1aqeia8/entry.jpg
@leo sorry it didn't work out. if you don't mind me asking, was there any differences in vision conflicting?
i am going to give away my 350usd robin in 5 minutes, look and refresh the page to see the option available :) good luck ^^
@lars do you think you're still staying with midnight? don't know, there's something about the midnight.. it's won me over completely , don't think anything will make me change my mind!
@tom rupp....siiiick someone should do an arkham knight colorway!
color entry "batman's sidekick":  i am batman.... this is my sidekick....https://www.dropbox.com/s/x67nnf2lywzekeb/batmans%20sidekick.png…
@geoffrey you need to pull the volume & power button layers to the top mate so that they appear over the rest of the layers.
@abe, i missed a lot too...at least i have a lot to look forward to when i get home from work!
i come back from sports practice and there's this awesome update! really cool way to interact with us and let us help decide the new colour scheme. the model that wins will sure be one unique piece, seeing how it'll never again be manufactured afterwards. i'm a midnight kind of guy, and far from creative, but i'm sure many other people with far more talent around here will be able to come up with some sexy designs!
if i have access to another cloud space or a nas, can you point the cloud backup functionality to point to that cloud space/nas?
i think there is a pb with the psd file. colorizing is working fine except for volume up, volume down and power button layers. am i the only one having the problem ? when i try to colorize these 3 layers, nothing happen.
or stefan :)
i'm with martin r on this one :)
here is my entry! http://imgur.com/ctkocf0
color entry:  the robin's nest.  https://www.dropbox.com/s/m79cg1yclgvryl9/the%20robins%20nest.png…
my entry, plum! http://i.imgur.com/kfss8nt.jpg
how will we be able to back up our active phone data ?  setting, contacts, pictures ?
@nextbit : i am proud to be a one of the backer for robin. the question which bugs me is,  1. is there an expiry / renewal date for the free 100gb cloud space ?
oh wow eric that really is as you describe it, bold! haha!
hi. it me. eric to help you all break free of only using mint, midnight and black in your color entries (remember we want you to be bold, )i'm sharing my dream colorway with you all. my entry isn't valid since i work here, don't worry. but i hope you all come up with equally adventurous designs: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b54bxqankpg3tmhkujjqbvleexm/view…
@nextbit when you say the robin will be verizon cdma compatible, are you putting cdma support in one single sku or making two different ones, gsm version and cmda version? also, how will that affect international versions? will all bands, supported on the gsm, be similarly supported on the cdma?
@dennis i think the mint chocolate is cool, but i don't know if i would want that as my daily driver color. mint/midnight is bomb the more i think about it.
well done on the verizon version.  a real coup d'état in the unlocked phone market for sure. ;)
chocolate/mint, it's is a no brainer, so obvious..  end of contest.  lol!
backers on the upswing, ever since having passed the first stretch goal.  good exposure campaign nextbit.
@nextbit nice, you pre-emptively answered my question about the periscopes duration of availability. will be looking forward to watching it after work. awesome saucesome.
i've said it before and i'll probably say it again, you guys are like the anti-oneplus.  everything you are doing makes sense and is so transparent.  great job.
i'm a backer, please tell me there's sprint version coming right after the verizon announcment :(
@nextbit great video, loved the design process and the thought behind it. makes me really think about all these little details and how big of an impact each one has. so in total we will have 3 colors to choose from at the end of the campaign? cheers!
it's so great to finally have a good looking, bloatware free, unlocked bootloader verizon phone! i hope they come out not too far behind the cdma versions!
@trever schmalz @vincent vecchio don't worry about changing your early adopter pledge. you'll be able to select the verizon model in the backer survey at the end of the campaign. please just be aware that if you select verizon and you have an early adopter pledge, we unfortunately won't be able to deliver the verizon compatible version in january. @thomas mims you will still be able to get the verizon compatible version after the flash sale, just choose any reward level. as mentioned, you will be able to specify which model in the backer survey! @daniel  sorry about missing this question! the black borders may look different in the kickstarter video because those are just renderings. the most accurate versions of the phone are in our latest periscope, you can watch it for up to 24 hours after the live version: https://www.periscope.tv/w/1yqgonopxmmkv
ah, i just received the update email. so people who have their early bird secured as of now can still get the verizon version at the end of the campaign, they are simply opening an additional 300 for exclusive verizon customers in order to give them a fair chance because it was unsure at first!
that periscope was awesome..it's been great how the team has been so transparent! qq: for the packaging, phones tend to always be "face up" when you open the box. did the team consider having it face down to show off the nextbit/cloud logo and reinforce that design..or is that just too heavy-handed? :) really excited for the 3rd colorway that's being offered as a limited edition on ks. though i'm gunning for the midnight, i'm stoked to see the ideas people have!
@vincent vecchio i'm assuming it'll be as easy as changing your pledge when it goes live to the verizon special. you're prolly gonna have to be ready tomorrow morning though, cuz they'll go fast!
@nextbit awesome update. really looking forward for what colorway options will be made available
concerning the verizon option: what if we already have a $299 early adopter's special secure right now? would i have to risk losing that and switch to the verizon and hope that i am one of the first 300, or i will be forced to risk spending more money or losing the chance overall?
thanks so much for the stream! was awesome. so glad i'm an early backer! special color + sim tray will be awesome.
woah...i missed a lot in a span of 2 hours. i have to play catch-up after work.
great walk-through om periscope! i  loved "seeing" the thought processes on how this all came about. ﻿
can't wait till the release of the voting for the additional robin color scheme's tonight.
there will be an additional early bird for verizon customers that is what scott said in periscope
@nextbit great periscope. it's nice to see some of the behind the scenes on design. so excited! @jordan thanks! i thought it might look tacky with the green, but i had a speck case that was gray with green accents back in 08 for my iphone 3g that looked good. it was a lot less green though.
yipeee.. new color on the way
wowwwww that's awesome in periscope.
nice job @creator.  you guys are killing it! i think the special colorway has to be a combination of the two (mint with midnight).  although someone did a mockup of a slate gray/mint one a couple days ago that was sweeeeet.
after the flash sale ends tomorrow for verizon, will it then go on sale for just the retail price or are there a limited amount of verizon devices being offered?
please answer my question, are we going to have a chance to pick the verizon version when its time to pay??
periscope: https://www.periscope.tv/w/1yqgonopxmmkv
anyone got a link for the periscope broadcast???
@nextbit, i would also appreciate a response to the comment by @paul mclaughlin and others regarding the inconsistency in black border/bezel thickness between the images shown on the kickstarter page and some of the videos turning up. the border/bezel does appear to be different in some of these prototypes and does concern me (us).
damned, i won't be able to check in.
@shane i'll that a go when i get home, bright green can quite easily look tacky though. slate is one of my favourite colours though so i'll try that with a few combos.
also, don't forget we'll be livestreaming from periscope in less than 15 minutes, 10am pt / 1pm et. lots of design and color things to be discussed!
@ jordan collins if you are playing with the colors, i wouldn't mind a maroon/white one or maroon/black so see how it turns out. i think i am still set on midnight blue and mint though. oh another one you can try is a combination of a bold blue with a bold orange. thanks
i think the booming will start again :) . tomorrow the wife is back, we'll have to discuss colours. the i would love midnight/blue, and i have to be honest, i'm a sucker for purple.
@nextbit - i wonder can we get like some kind of tweets, article updates, and what not? i've heard a lot of individuals say they want to buy, but only if there was a verizon version. and now that we have that, there needs to be a way to let them know, outside of c-net (though that's a big tech source)
@jordan what about a slate grey for the aluminum part with android green for the top/bottom/buttons. it would most likely be too gaudy for production, but might look interesting.
@shane mobbs - yeah, i would definitely go for that, and i think a lot of people probably would too. it combines sleek, suave, and the colorful, vibrant, artsy, unique-standout that mint color gives. it's the best of both worlds.
@nextbit   cloud integration is a central point in your concept. there are many questions on this topic here. what kind of data will be stored? when? what happens automatically, what can be customized? how can i get my data without robin? what is the difference to other cloud services? future plans? what's about security, sharing?.....  some single points are clarified here. however, many questions belong together, so can you add please a more thorough, comprehensive explanation of your cloud concept? in this section answers will be lost quickly. the campaign section might be a better place for a detailed explanation.
(that was me shane... haha) if you have any other colour ideas, send them my way and i'll have a play.
i think it was @jordan collins that did it
@d'don i'm definitely pulling for the chocolate/mint. that mockup somebody did looked really nice!
right so.... back to playing around with colours on my model!
@nextbit - yes! so excited. i want a black and mint, or  black and midnight blue, or chocolate mint, or mintnight blue (mint/midnight blue)
@nextbit .....wait, sooooo do the the previous early adopters have a chance to switch over to verizon??
as you know, we've been paying close attention to allllll your feedback. two things always stood out: "will there be a verizon compatible version?" and "will there be other colors?" so, we've delivered. we'll be holding a flash sale for verizon subscribers only friday at 10am pt / 1pm et at the $299 early adopter price! and we're letting our fantastic community create a kickstarter only community colorway. we'll have more details on this in an update very soon :)
congrats @nextbit! that's great news for many. kickstarter only colorway is awesome as well!. i already know what my vote will be
@anna 1 eastern i beleive
have you heard the good news??? a verizon compatible version is here, and you'll have a chance to create a kickstarter only color of robin!!! read all about it: http://www.cnet.com/news/nextbit-robin-the-smartphone-with-souped-up-cloud-storage-will-get-verizon-version-too/
what time does periscope start?
ya i am loving all their icon designs, especially the camera shutter look
one of the design elements thai noticed (pretty subtle, but fakking genius and beautiful!) is that their default dialer icon shows a mobile handset, instead of nearly everyone else's last remaining remnants of skeuomorphism that is the silly 1950's handset. i think they knocked the design out of the park with robin, and scott, no doubt wanting to depart from the path that he set with htc's one series, really made something different and trend-setting.
still at least 13 days to think. i wait to see what the coloured cases will look like... if there was a blue/midnight one i wouldn't doubt for a second, now... time will tell
that said, think i'll sleep on it a few more nights before making up my mind. but you guys have definitely been a great help! :)
@kua. lol for the drama :)
i'm going for the midnight version. i'll admit the mint one looks very fresh, but i just like my phone to not be too flashy, much like @stefan mansson
wow, thanks for all the comments, everyone! absolutely love you guys on here :) @jeffrey - you brought up a concern of mine as well with regards to the midnight robin - that it might be a fingerprint magnet. but am thinking it should not be too big an issue once we slip a case on? @jeremy - i might get bored after 6 months...or i might love it even more! one concern of mine for the mint robin though is whether the white part of the phone would turn yellowish over time. @nextbit, would you be able to shed some light on this? @chris - my sentiments too when i first saw the mint robin; it just looks so refreshing and nothing like any other phone on the market. definitely makes for a good conversation starter. @rik - i do arts and drama with american footballers..serious! ;p @yvonne - good suggestion, but i have yet to decide on the type of casing i would go for. hoping to see how the different colour options eventually offered for the different designs would look like on the mint/midnight robin. am thinking if i go for the midnight robin, then maybe a striking-coloured case (red, anyone? lol) would offer the contrast i desire. @chad @chris @rik i was - and still am - tempted to pledge for a second robin just so i can choose one of each colour and then make up my mind after i get to see them both in the flesh!
@chad  ya, i may have an invite coming from these races they are doing from the op2, but i don't think ill order one.  they have just had so many issues with themselves and the phone.  i would much rather prefer to back this san fran startup, and it looks so much better.  the company transparency and interaction has been anti-op and amazing.  the $430 galaxy s6 that popped up on ebay gave me more 2nd thoughts than i think op2 will, but i want to back this phone too badly.
@stefan manson - i've settled on the midnight blue color as well after looking at hd images of it, and pocketnow's latest video on the robin.
@chris haha, i wonder the same... and how many of our so's don't even know that they backed robin! :) anecdotally, i got an invite for the oneplus 2 on the 13th. i had the oneplus one and loved the phone, aside from its sheer size. the missing features (no nfc, no quickcharge) were dealbreakers for me, which is why i am so excited for robin. however, curiosity (and my insatiable desire to see and feel the design and materials in my hand... these things aren't unlike cars in this regard) lead me to go ahead and order one. i think it will be a good stop-gap until january... however, after reading a bunch of forum posts on oneplus' website, i heard a bunch of people complaining that they placed their order weeks ago and they are still in the "processing" phase. so, i may get my robins before the op2!
i think i'm settled with the midnight cos i love a stealthier look on my phone and the fact that the screen and phone colour blend seemlessly. however, the mint colourway is absolutely awesome as well, colours just go so well together and give a nice vibrant aura! thought the mint was more playful than feminine when i first saw it.
@kua i would stick with what drew you in. to be perfectly honest, i think mint is going to do far more in terms of spreading nextbit's vision than the admittedly "safe" midnight. that is to say that i think mint will draw more "wow, who makes that phone!" from people. and if you don't mind a bit of evangelizing for nextbit (and the attention that it will draw) then definitely get mint!
i wonder how many of us are getting two robins haha
i backed the project twice (one early bird, and one standard... for my wife of course ;)...). i planned on using the midnight myself, as i travel a lot for work, and my clients would probably be less distracted by the darker phone. but if my wife, for some inexplicable reason just cannot be parted from her iphone 5s, then i will use the mint occasionally (but probably mostly for development). if the color grows on me, i might switch up the daily driver. i love the fact that they chose to do something besides the "black, white, blah blah blah". i love motomaker, and the idea that you can make a phone your own. i think, absent the economies of scale that are required to have such a process (moto maker), these colors are certainly fresh, clean, light (as in airy and spacial). i just couldn't decide, so i just got two :)
@kua a decent casing will do the trick. bumper when you teach? it's a blue mint and not pink.
@kua it depends what you teach. if it's an arts and drama class you should be fine. if it's american football i'd think again ;) . jokes aside, i'm also still doubting. i'll probably take both and my wife can choose which one she wants...
i am getting two and my gf wants the mint, so im taking the midnight, but if it was just me, i might have to do the mint too.
@kua k.t  the mint has grown on me and i have shared similar thoughts.  i dont think it is that feminine though.  if anything, i think it would definitely catch the eyes of younger students even more than the midnight.  it's not like it is pink or purple.
@kua you should take midnight. mint is cool and you'll love it...for the first 6 months. after, you'll get bored. midnight is standard so it will be ok for all your smartphone lifetime :)
@kuak,t i actually asked the same question and got multiple responses, and some people voicing the same concern. but at the end of the day, it was split pretty evenly. man guys here are still going for the mint version because they want the robin because of its innovation and want to wave it around proudly. it does look spectacular. many people also said the midnight looks more serious. at the end of the day, pick whatever floats your boat because it should matter to no one but you. i've been leaning more towards the midnight maybe with a light-colored (or mint-colored, if they offer it) case. another thing i have been thinking about recently is that the midnight color scheme might show finger prints more than the mint version.
hi fellow backers. i know it's still quite some time away before i need to make a final decision, but just thought i would get some feedback from you. one of the reasons behind me backing this project was how unique the mint version of the robin looks; i'm usually quite a 'safety first' type of person, so would normally go for the midnight colourway. however, the colour combination of the mint robin simply blew me away. now, here's the tricky bit - i showed the images of both the mint and midnight robins to the missus, and she started seeding doubts in my head. "it's too feminine." "it looks too much like a toy." "your students will laugh at you." now i can't decide whether to stick with the mint or switch to the midnight. what do the guys on here think? mint? yay? nay? your comments would be most appreciated!
@amy elizabeth, here's tom's response to the verizon news, found on their ama reddit: "[–]nextbitdev[s] 6 points 20 hours ago  we are currently looking into whether or not we can offer a cmda sku of this first device, but haven't gotten it all sorted yet. stay tuned to our kickstarter and social media for updates on this one, we understand how important it is for the community! -tm"
ya.. i guess it was pure luck... right place at the right time @abe..nope now i won't leave this... gotta take my robin to india
so is the verizon thing happening or not?
@rahul haha, that didn't take long! luckily you managed to snatch another early adopter spot!
@rahul hahahahaha welcome back. couldn't resist eh? just don't dine out and save up so when you get the phone, you'll essentially have paid it off.
@rahul  awesome!! sucks that shipping is so much over there but it should be worth it!!  at least it will probably be even more exclusive there than in the states.
@yvonne just love the freshness and honesty of the nextbit team.. and also the community.
welcome back rahul. what is/are the factors in robin that made you return?
oh wow rahul, welcome back! it is tempting to keep the spot isnt it haha!
guys... surprise.. m bck... after giving out my early backer pledge yesterday... i was kind of sad... but still i kept chkng for comments just to update myself.  as soon as i found dat one early backer slot was remaining.. i could not resist and joined back...
i'm beginning to wonder if it going to be better to wait for the retail version to come out, as i want verizon,  be able to store all my music on it or the cloud, and speakers, are only going to be ready after this come out for us, which seems like it's going to be alot less than the retail version.  i  got all the fast usb  chargers i need.  comments?
@abe what were you thinking in regards to software enhancements? i would like this thing to be stock android as much as possible besides the cloud functionality, the few pictures we have of the custom icons look really good too.
i'm bummed that no software enhancement stretch goals were offered, in place of the 1gb addition (teaser), but overall i'm pretty happy at the pace and the stretch goals. as long as there's a phone, quick charge cable, and quick charge wall adapter, i'm goooood.
@abe chung, i think that should be achievable!
@stefan mansson at this rate, there only needs to be 42 backers/daily to hit the $250,000 by the end of campaign.
yeah @abe $42k up already in 2 days, absolutely storming through to that next stretch goal
woah...up $11k already and the day's just starting where i am. i guess the momentum is speaking for itself. i guess we'll all start expecting the t-shirt hahaha.
@stefan @ steven thanks! i think i just missed it in the comments :). about the sentence "it gets smarter every day", nextbit said that for future model, they will push cloud integration further and update your phone directly from the cloud. there will be no need to change your smartphone. but that's in the future. for now, it's only the concept of uploading some of your content in the cloud. that's why the software support is not different unfortunately as any other premium phones (except nexus)
@alin @steven yes indeed the leds are only white.
@stefan perfect!
@steven, they promised support for at least 2 years. source: https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3l726c/we_are_nextbit_the_developers_of_the_robin/cv3plmq
@alin if i remember well, they are all white.
@creator  any info on the notification led's? what colour will they light up, wether they will  change colour according to the type of notification, will the users be able to set them up as they please and so on.... omg we are so impacient :d
@stefan at least or just? there is a difference...
@jérémy it was originally posted by @simon: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/comments…
@steven i guess they mean that robin learns what to upload to the cloud depending on how the user uses the phone, which is a long time period. and also for the support, i believe they will support gen 1 robin for at least two years even if they release the next gen model.
@jeremy @alin, i also think that in europe you have standard 2 years guarantee. what i don't understand is that the slogan of @nextbit is: it gets smarter every day. @nextbit why support of updates only for 2 years? i suggest that they should support the robin 5 years! if you really think about all the benefits of the cloud, and if the phone gets smarter every day. why is @nextbit not confident enough to say as company we really believe in our product. we believe it will gets smarter every day. we believe that we are changing the phone-industry. so as we don't believe in the limitations of sd-cards, we neither believe in the limitations of customer support as we see at other companies. we will stand for our product the next coming years.. . support of the product with software updates only for 2 years doesn't fit with their philosophy in my opinion.
@jérémy benaiche here it is: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@paul can you put the pocketnow video link please ? i'm very curious to see what you describe. @jung @alin an accessory is way better that a t-shirt. i totally agree with that (a case for the phone would be great).
@jordan collins totally agree with you regarding the bezel, the pocketnow video definitely appears to show the top and bottom bezel are thicker than the sides, whereas the pictures (inc the one above!) seem to show the bezel uniform, perhaps the prototype is what we are seeing in the video but production will be uniform? @nextbit could you confirm?
also, a lot of smartphones are not waterproof or dust proof. i work outdoor all year long and have an iphone 5s for which i buyed a lifeproof case. the case have it's uses (great protection from the baby :p) but i never drowned it or splashed water on it. i don't really see the necessity to have waterproofing. if i am near water or it's raining i keep my phone in my pocket or in the car. dust proof however is another thing since some of my phones had dust problems (dust on ffc of my lumia 920)
@alin i agree with you regarding the t-shirt & stretch goals. i'd much rather prefer to have hardware changes. but we know that's not possible, and it's a shame. at least accessories would be better than t-shirts. but i'll get what i can take and i'm thankful for nb's vision. i live in a rainy city, so i'd prefer phones to be at least splash proof (not needing it to fully submerge in water), especially when water damage is usually not covered in warranties. i usually use my phone for more than 1 yr also, until it dies on me.
@alin fair point, maybe it can be added in the next gen of robin if enough people request it! doubt anything will be changed now though. @jérémy agree too, most people do change every 2 years, so that could be a sweet little addition. (maybe as an extra 1.25-1.5mil stretch goal?)
waterproofing might be considered a hardware change, so may not be possible as a stretch goal so later in the development of robin. i think that's why it is not possible now.
regarding the fingerprint sensor and whether or not it will wake the phone. i believe it will, but you will have to press the button. think about it this way, the fingerprint sensor doubles as the power button. pressing the power button will wake the phone, now simply leave your finger on the button and it will unlock! simple!
@stefan i usually trade in phones every 2 years so i feel a strong improvement as for the waterproof feature, not planning on swimming with it, but as i live in belgium (very rainy country) i have my concerns as it is very easy to get the phone a little wet if used outdoors or even kept in a front pocket.
@stefan @alin i keep my smartphone at least 2 years. i think one year is really short. i agree with you alin, we should have a 2 years warranty (i think in europe it's automatically 2 years)
@lars no probs dude! easy mistake to make, as @dennis is always contributing useful information.
@alin, i usually keep phones for a year before trading in for the next gen and i've never actually considered swimming with my phone, would much prefer a gopro in those situations, so none of those really bother me! maybe they could bring out a waterproof case, who knows :)
@jung wong thanks for the info. to tell you the truth, i would of sincerely traded the t-shirt or the extra cloud space for a waterproof phone or 1 extra year of warranty. how about you guys? what are your thoughts on the matter?
is *not that big of a deal... sorry just woke up :p (it's 05h30 est here)
@alin nextbit said that robin is not waterproof
one little niggle i'm having with the phone when i watch videos is when the display is on, those black bars around the screen look more prominent than what the pictures let us believe, especially the top and bottom bars. the robin in the campaign renders make the black bars look more consistent, with the all the bars looking to be around the same width. in videos, the top and bottom bars are like.. "yo wassup". not a deal breaker or anything but it's just something i notice. i just felt like saying something after watching the pocketnow video, wondering if anyone else is picking that up.
and also the fact that even that i have to press the home button on my 5s for the reader to work, i still unlock my phone by mistake when i just want to check the time or if i have notifications and i don't remove my finger fast enough... so having to press the button is that big of a deal to me.
guys, did anyone consider that the 1 year waranty may not be a very compelling argument to the overall quality of the product? don't get me wrong, i love the project and i am 100% behind it but other manufacturers offer at least 2 years waranty for their products (in europe at least) with the posibility to extend it for another 1 or 2 years with additional charges. i am not even going to mention the "no matter what waranty".... btw....is the robin waterproof/dustproof ?????
yea would be nice but, do you think more power will be used considering there would always be something running to detect a fingerprint touch?
@daniel i totally agree. it's very convenient to use the fingerprint sensor to wake up your smartphone and in the same time unlock it. i think the one plus 2 or the honor 7 from huawei have this feature
thanks for the replies. yeah it really would be nice to be able to wake the screen with the sensor alone. why not? that's how other sensors work. it's nice to have especially if a button starts malfunctioning.
@daniel i think nextbit stated you won't be able to wake up the phone with the fingerprint reader, just unlock it (and other services that require a fingerprint of course). i wonder if it's something that can be implemented via a software update later on?
@dennis woops, my bad, props to you @colin then! in my defense, it was quite some posts ago... haha
@daniel, believe you actually have to press your finger on it as well.
@nextbit thanks! another question that has not been asked yet : if i loose my phone, will it be possible to find it easily? will your cloud store robin's location?
does anyone know if simply putting your finger in the sensor turns on the screen, or does one actually have to push the button as well.
@alin hopefully we have more on battery life soon, but it seems @nextbit invested a lot of time and effort into making the most out of it! but yeah indeed, anything that increases battery life is a plus for me too!
@lars i believe it was @colin who shared that, not me.
@dennis good find with the video of the fingerprint reader, it sure looks fast enough!
you know guys....a super interesting feature on android phones would be an integrted softvare to worn and prevent app drain, the next big problem they have due to misbehaving 3rd party apps . now that would be an android phone with a smarter power management, and a more reliable battery i would like to buy
@jung wong @shane i am so glad i am switching over to android. love the customizability and convenience that jailbreak just doesn't offer!
@shane, suktwo you can also use nova for "double tap to wake". i have nova set up swipe down anywhere for notification & quick settings panel and double tab to screen on/off. it's awesome!
nearly 100 new backers in a little over 24 hours. wahoo!  git'r'dun nextbit!
@shane you make a good point. also, it has other cool features especially with prime.
@suktwo nova is a nice launcher. you have the option of swiping down from anywhere on the screen to get to quick settings instead of from the top. makes it easier now that phones are getting larger.
@abe @shane @simon i found this: http://www.phonearena.com/news/how-to-get-an-ios-7-like-pull-up-control-center-on-your-android-device_id55413. maybe a viable option for robin? @simon thanks for the nova launcher; definitely looks like an option as well.
this might of been answered somewhere down the line, but will there be gif support for the stock photo and messaging apps? thank you.
@kyle nothing yet. they mentioned during the ama today that they were trying to get something worked out.
is there any news on the phone getting the  verizon carrier ? .. i know in the previous update you mentioned something about it and i was curious because i'm really thinking of getting another phone but i have verizon now so it's a big part of my decision
@abe @suktwo i saw a video where they were swiping down twice for quick settings. can't remember which one it was in though or i'd link it.
@suktwo i'm sure the robin os is going to utilize that stock notification toggle, since that's as vanilla as android as it will be. i don't think anyone has asked this question yet, though.
@suktwo, i'm not sure about the robin launcher, but i know you can do it on nova launcher, so maybe they will consider it.
i just want to say i love the fact that this community is constantly contributing... when europe and the east are asleep, the americas and the west are chatting it up, and vice versa. every morning when i wake up there are numerous posts that i enjoy catching up on. and @nexbit, thank you for all your openness and feedback. a lot of people across all platforms love what you are doing :o)
@nextbit @all is it possible to customize the "swipedown" feature, where one brings down notification and second swipe brings down further toggles like wifi, so that instead of swipe down twice to bring down those toggles we can swipe up like in the iphone; this is so much more convenient as it allows one handed usage.
nice video from pocketnow: https://youtu.be/dcfx5skehq0
i don't know if nexus developers are trying to beat robin by making a mint nexus, as shown here http://www.androidauthority.com/nexus-5x-mint-leak-642213/, but that mint looks atrocious.
@joel, if the option of having both was available then yes :o) but if due to budget concerns, i think nextbit made the right choice :o) now the next robin could include both!
@d'don @simon, i'd simply prefer both wireless charging and quick charging - for the sake of a few mm in additional thickness. i suspect the new nexus 5 will have both and will come in at the same price point. of course, the new nexus won't have such a great design and the unique appeal of the cloud centric rom.
@simon nortman - agreed. especially with the lagging, bad batteries and battery technology we have nowadays. i definitely choose quick charge over wireless charging. until there's a quick wireless charge, i'll continue to prefer qualcomm quick charge over wireless charging. and with type-c and android m, charging and battery life gets another boost. smart decision by @nextbit
@nextbit - if you all support music at some point in the future, you all will have my eternal undenying support for whatever products you release in the future! it would be cool if our google play store could be backed up in the cloud along with our subscription music. that's a pain point. in this day and age, a lot of people buy and do own their own music (me myself as well), but a lot do use subscription services in which you can download the files to your smartphone, but of course cloud storages and other memory products and devices do not allow you to save those files or back them up. so that would be a great addition as well.
@lars  i'm with you. intending to hibernate after i'm done with survey 2 weeks later.… and get a tree for xmas till the arrival of robin.   @nextbit 30k in 24 hours is amazing. keep it going. i love the way how you communicate with us here.
@creator im glad you guys have to be the salesmen on  this and not me. some folks will only buy a name brand.even when the specs  and the idea is better. the specs of the 5x nexus were leaked they are not as good as what you guys have, but it wont matter to those people because they "trust" the nexus line. oh well more for us i suppose.
@nextbit , thanks for the response ... that being said how will we be able to back up our non app data ?
@nexbit, many people have asked about wireless charging...i am actually glad that you chose quick charging, i prefer it. and, with usb c there is no fussing around when plugging in as it is reversible, something i'm really looking forward to (its the little things :)
@colin, thank you for the periscope info...i just got the app and tomorrow i'm still teaching art to my elementary kids at that time!!
@jérémy benaiche whoooo! also, the battery is not removable. @jason mcginty great suggestion, something for us to work on and look into! @demarkus no wireless charging, but like @norman mentioned we do have quick charging.
@demarkus there is no wireless charging
@giacomo cetorelli you can view periscope broadcasts up to 24 hours later.
@nextbit your periscope event is at a time when i will be unable to view it! is there any way to record it so people can watch it later? (i am unfermiliar with periscope)
@denmarkus: i don't believe so but i know it does have quick charging.
is robin compatible with wireless charging.
will there, could there be a way to use the space as a full back up ? if i lose/ break my phone... i would love to be able to put my sim card in a new phone . log in and lose nothing .....
@nextbit oh damn that's as soon as i get home from work, looking forward to it!
@nextbit wow! one day, i work for real and i see that you reach the million and that i have more than a 100 comments to catch up :). congrats!!!! one of my question that got lost : will the robin be easy to disassemble? (to change the battery for instance)
@nextbit you guys are having it during my work hours!!!! t___t
@shane mobbs glad you were able to join us! i think there are some websites that take periscope streams so you can watch them on your desktop such as http://onperiscope.com/ just to reiterate, we will be on periscope tomorrow 10am pst showing off some exciting things!!! we're @nextbit over there
so i know about the periscope tomorrow morning, but i've sold both my smartphones. one to back robin and the other to preorder the 6s plus. is there a way to watch periscope without access to an app?
great ama @nextbit!
@all from the ama, nextbit shared with us the fingerprint module. seems the only other phone with it is the honor 7i. check out this link for the fingerprint sensor: http://www.fingerprints.com/blog/2015/09/02/fpcs-touch-fingerprint-sensor-fpc1145-in-nextbits-smartphone-robin/ http://www.fingerprints.com/blog/2015/08/20/fpcs-touch-fingerprint-sensor-fpc1145-in-huaweis-smartphone-honor-7i/ http://www.fingerprints.com/products/touch_sensor/fpc1145/ check out this video showing how fast the fingerprint sensor is to unlock the honor 7i from screen off. this gives you an idea of what the robin will be like. seems fast enough for me! so no need for double tap to wake. https://youtu.be/pjyttb_qgui (4.30 seconds in) interestingly, the honor has it on the left would the robin has it on the right. not sure which is better.
@dennis we will not support music at launch, but that doesn't mean we will never support cloud storage music. we're excited about people having the same vision as we've. keep in mind that we're a startup and we our trying to do our best with our small team and focus is key :) @chris frank dimensions on the vinyl toy: ~100mm long x 70mm tall x 65mm wide
and thanks stefan
@dennis haha "will be" is a little ambiguous... well i guess they have 32gb of time to get them all implemented.
@chris, it is about the size of a coffee mug, which is ideal!
@alin bucur "will be" you say?  thanks.
this was probably asked, but about how big is the sheep toy? i thought maybe we saw it in a video but i cant remember
@dennis i asked this directly by mail. at the moment only apps and photos/videos will be supported. in time other stuff like music and documents will be supported
forgot to say "stretch goal reached."
about 76 new backers since first stretch goal. good bump.  spread the word.
@alin bucur  they are coming, calibrations with the camera arent finalized yet, so we have to wait for that.  probably will not be happening during the kickstart, but nextbit can correct that if wrong.
al last! i joined this awesome community !!! can't wait to get my hands on my robin ! @creator: some pics/ videos made with the camera(s) would b very nice :d
@nextbit will music to cloud be possible or likely in future enhancements to tweaking, or no?
@abe yep, that was me asking that question. the 104 gb figure comes from not having to back up the android image, so it figures :)
i know.;)
@dennis that response was re: a 64gb or 128gb version
@dennis we don't plan on doing that. we're really trying to push our vision for how smartphones work with the cloud.
sounds like some sheep are clones.
so, just like my sheep analogy said.;)  nothing new.;) a 32gb pen and a 100gb pen with 100 (or near) sheep (gb) running around.
@dennis you get 100gb of cloud storage, but because things are being backed up, some of which will be on both the phone and cloud, you end up getting anywhere around a combined total of 104gb.
@abe and?
further, i think they are aware it to be  serious unlocked phone coups d'état if then are able to achieve it.  so, i think they are seriously pursuing it.
@colin finally, we have an answer to the total storage confusion. hahahaha.
@dennis thanks for the info
@giacomo cetorelli  a comment was made on the live reddit ama feed today that it is still in the works.  sorry, nothing more.
any verizon news??
do you vs to you  blasted ffs! lol.
@nextbit since, your tweaks to use cloud are likely proprietary to do see building a 64gb or 128gb onboard version for the customer rom community?
and i doubt they will release those software enhancements to custom rom builders, as they are likely proprietary.
@gero likely not.  they are specific to robin's tweaks on asop.
@gero, nextbit stated the following: "the only thing that won't work with your custom rom will be the cloud service."
with the bootloader unlocked the creation of custom rom lies near. will custom roms be able to support the cloud features, too?
@matthew they go too fast, 10 seconds is too slow! better luck next time! :)
ugh. was refreshing every 10 seconds and missed it!
@rahul lakshmanan all the best to you and yours.  come visit when the real forum gets going.  i still harass people on op forum for kicks and try some enlightenment.
wahoo! just hopped on to check the comments and update and an earlier adopter pledge opened. @rahul sorry you had to drop your pledge, but i appreciate you giving a heads up. hopefully you can get your hands on a robin.
@rahul sorry to see you go man, hope you get a chance for a hands on experience in the near future!
going to cancel my pledge now.. all the best
i think 2 million may be a bit much, still, the last few days (especially yesterday and today) we've seen a serious increase in backers, so who knows, crazier things have happened! the main thing is that they have a very active community (that's us!) and they care about their community, they talk to us, listen to us, there is a lot of interaction. i think this convinces a lot of people too to give them a chance.
@rahul sorry that it'll cost more for you to experience the phone. maybe down the line, you might see the phone on re-sale for cheaper? best of luck to you!
guys as much as i love robin, the amount i would have to pay to get this in january is going to be around $411.. i.e. $299 for phone plus $98 shipping+taxes and $13 currency conversion charges.  its really heartbreaking for me to leave this project  and cancel my early adopter pledge.. but i am on a tight budget.. best of luck for the one who gets my early adopter spot... love u robin.. hope to buy robin 2.0
i anticipate somewhere near or above $2m by end of campaign.
more exposure=more backers/interests.  i suspect some or still sitting on the fence, too and that some will jump in before campaign ends.
@nextbit thanks for the ama link!
@dennis, i think @nextbit is doing a great effort expose themself to the public. they are faith to the community of backers, but they are also doing a great job in spreading the word of magic to all of them out there that haven't noticed this little smartphone revolution yet. at the moment they do... well you find them joining the community. for your information: nextbit said in the reddit ama: "for the video, join us on @periscope tomorrow at 10am pst. we'll have lots to show during this time"
@dennis $25k increase since the 1mil mark, thats insane! if it keeps going that way we might even reach the 1.5mil stretch goal!
kicktraq.com shows an upkick in backer numbers 2 days in a row.  word of robin must be getting around.  onward and upward nextbit.  yeah!  git'r'dun!
@nextbit any chance with the growing interest plus having met and exceeded initial campaign goal that production could begin and projected delivery dates could be accelerated?
@steven aha, i see what you mean! i'm sure nextbit will be able to provide an answer here :)
@ericka i believe it was around february if i'm not mistaken.
does anyone know when robin will be available to purchase? i'm one of the unlucky ones who couldn't get an early adopter pledge and keeps missing when one opens haha. i would get the kickstarter special pledge buuuuuuut my wallet is saying no at the moment. i can't wait to get my hands on one of these!
@lars, i think the image gallery will contain compressed images. if you want to zoom, you need a full resolution image. if you want you will be able to download the full image again. but at the moment you are so good to a friend to allow them to use your robin to view the images of an event. what if this third person isn't aware about the cloud - local storage difference. can you somehow prevent that your local storage is filled up again with images that you personally prefer to have stored in the cloud. i think that would be possible if you can pin data also in the cloud. but maybe i'm wrong about the possibilities...
@vanhderful nice name haha. @nextbit said that because most people already have a pair of earphones, they wanted to be cost-effective, as well as environmental. so, i'm afraid they won't have earphones included with the phone.
hey there, supporting nextbit from france. i was wondering if headphones will be provided along with the robin? keep going, see you early 2016 cheers
just asked the question about the camera's software on ama. hopefully, we'll see how they respond.
@steven i think images will only be downloaded from the cloud when you tap them, so only on your command, so in a way they're already pinned in that they won't download themselves. at least that's what i think, feel free to correct me!
@emilios farrington-arnas yeah looks like it, not too sure how that would turn out. @jinxuan mao, congrats! welcome! @lars, think i'm with you mate. @nextbit needs to feed us with hands on videos when available to feed our eagerness!
@nextbit i'm wondering if the pinning is working two ways. i understand that you can pin an application on your robin, and it stays local. but the other way around, can i pin full resolution images in the cloud, so they won't be downloaded again? i'm looking forward to the ama session
i was most likely gonna get a midnight model, but mint is too tempting. i'll probably end up getting a dark bumps case with it though. i hope a bright red case gets released too so i can make this look more like a pokedex when pokemon go comes out!
ama link! https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3l726c/we_are_nextbit_the_developers_of_the_robin/ you can post questions now, and we'll be answering starting at 11am pst / 2pm pst
@steven when you attach a picture to an e-mail, it's the full resolution image which is sent. this is our current approach, but it might evolve over time. the notion of pinning, is to teach our algorithm that you don't want an application to be offloaded ever, even if you don't use it for a while. it gives us more insights and it give you more control.
@andrew finkenbinder yes, we will be getting certification for t-mobile band 12 volte. @abe chung beat us again, thanks for answering!! we'll be on https://www.reddit.com/r/iama at 11am pst / 2pm est - less than an hour from now. get your questions ready for tom, scott, and mike!
also, there's going to be an ama session for nextbit robin. here's the link below: https://www.reddit.com/r/iama
@andrew finkenbinder yes, this question was brought up some time ago, and @nextbit confirmed that they are in certification process with t-mobile's band 12 volte support. @nextbit, could you confirm for assurance? thank you very much!
will this support volte on t-mobile's band 12?  as i understand it, lack of volte support puts t-mobile in the position where the only band available can't place voice calls, thus violating laws requiring emergency phone service where possible.  this is why the moto g 2015 had band 12 support dropped.  so, volte support?
@steven i think i remember them saying that it uploads the full resolution image from the cloud even if you select the local image. no need to download the full res image. robin does that for you.
i'm thinking of hibernating until january, who's with me?
@nextbit, i saw a video where you demonstrated how to attach a picture to an email. my question is, the email will be send with the compressed local image file? and the receiver of the email gets the opportunity to download the larger cloud image?  or the robin owner first has to transfer the larger cloud image from to cloud to local storage? and probably it sounds weird, but will be we able to pin data in the cloud?
@all you guys are awesome!!! keep the enthusiasm going :)
i am officially a backer! can't wait to see the final case design! and of course to get my robin!
@stefan the mint colour on the nexus 5x is just white with shoddy white balance.
@matthew yeah, i did what shane said, was just checking...almost non-stop hahahah. but i just randomly clicked it and saw one open. just be ready to snag it up immediately
@matthew just keep checking back. i was just on here reading comments yesterday and hit the campaign tab, and there was one available. i got so excited i changed my pledge right away.
congrats @jeffrey! i was surprised to be able to snag one yesterday as well. come on january
really would love to get an early adopter pledge! love the community and the willingness of the founders to build a phone that buyers want. if you haven't seen it, the technobuffalo interview with nextbit founders was terrific.
@jeffrey indeed, they've already taken a lot of our requests already in such a short time period, it's crazy! can't imagine the next gen of robin, should be so feature rich with all these great ideas coming in.
i'm so excited! not just because i love the looks/specs of the phone. i also love the community and the company. even though i'm sure we all have specifics we hope for in our future phone and i hope for many more exciting updates in the future..i have faith in nextbit!
sweeeet, jeffrey!
congrats, jeffrey!
yasss! i got an early adopter pledge!
thanks @jung and @stefan! maybe i can whip up some more t shirt designs today!
that damn $430 galaxy s6 on ebay keeps teasing me... i wish it would just sell out and go away already, im so tempted by just how good a deal it is.  could do that until jan and then give it to my little sister haha
@jordan  i think everyone here would agree robin rocks the mint way harder... the nexus looks lazy
i'm gettin' excited!!!
if the campaign total hopefully increments by around $17k/day, then we can reach that next stretch goal!
any verizon news?
will there be a way to limit which wireless networks the phone will use to connect to the cloud? let's say i only want it to update over my home network and don't want it to use my work network.
yeah, that was unexpected. i'm glad! hopefully, this momentum continues!
it looks like there's no slowing down the increase in backers, we're well past one million already. who knows, at this rate we might just get our t-shirts!
seriously, i prefer robin mint look.  the specs for nexus seems similar eg 808 and fingerprint sensor. i need more photo of robin mint and midnight with the case samples to decide which to pick for the survey.
@stefan haha thank you..
@jordan, android authority has a weird url changing system when you scroll ha, here is the article http://www.androidauthority.com/nexus-5x-mint-leak-642213/ dont think it looks too bad (due to the image quality, colour may be off), but the robin in mint is much more stylish in my opinion!
the new nexus 5x also coming in "mint"? funny... who's rocking it better?  http://www.androidauthority.com/deal-amazon-fire-phone-119-99-1-year-prime-642207/ i hope everyone who's on the fence and waiting for the nexus see this and think how boring it looks now compared to the robin.
@rik thanks;)
@rik yeah of course, didn't mean for the 1st gen robin as they definetely won't be making hardware changes now, but for the future ones! probably will heat up quite a bit haha, interested to see how the new flagships will make it work.
@stefan. they can't. processor 808 is chosen. i think charging that fast will give enormous heat, no?
@nextbit needs to get on board with this if not already! http://www.techradar.com/news/phone-and-communications/mobile-phones/new-charging-tech-will-refuel-your-phone-in-half-an-hour-1304298
@stefan, @lars. 1m yihoo!  fantastic news (before i read the newspaper at breakfast, i sneek up to ks to find out about the status) @nextbit and @all, congrats!!  i understand the doubts about the 1.25. but how the amount has increased overnight... well i haven't seen an expansion of backers like this in days. if the actual growth-rate continues as it is we will hit 1.30 easy. so @nextbit, about the shirt, will there be an mint version :-) and will the t-size be compatible with eu-standards ;-)
@ khang thai that's a great design! i actually like yours better than the one from the update!
finally reached it! well deserved! see if we can reach that $1.25mil, very skeptical about it but hope so. if it's not reached, will we be able to add the t-shirt on at the end with the rest of the add-on items @nextbit?  @khang thai, i would wear that too, that's awesome!
alright, 1 million! i agree with @abe, getting to 1.25 million may be hard, but who knows, i'm sure there will be some more spikes in backers. you should check their facebook page, their followers increased from like 2000-3000 before the robin was announced to over 12.000 now
@suktwodothat they are hoping to ship all phones with marshmallow, if not available by january then the first batch of phones (early adopters) will ship with lollipop os and then receive the marshmallow update as soon as possible, all kickstarter special backers and beyond should receive their phone with marshmallow already installed on the device.
@haydee they mentionned a few days ago that several versions will be available.
so the quick charge is the plug? is it u.s only? or will it be made into other types of plugs depending on the country it's sending to?
it'd be great if robin displayed the true network connections like how a nexus does, that way you actually know when you're connected to 3g, hspa+, lte.. as opposed to how standard carriers rebrand their phones to only display 4g and lte
@tanuj the cable is the same. this will be the plug that goes into the wall that allows the phone to charge more quickly
the lower percentages are the only percentages that quick charge. once the device hits 80% the battery charges normally if that helps.
is there any information available on the quick charge? as in, how long the robin will take to charge, especially the lower percentages? (since we are all getting quick chargers.)
@nextbit: quick chargers with every robin! how it's different from charger cable?
so, i was looking at this article - http://www.tomshardware.com/news/nextbit-robin-smartphone-kickstarter-updates,30023.html, and i noticed that under specification, android m is being used as the os. i am just wondering what the os is going to be as of now; i would be happy with a lollipop or a marshmallow. they both taste awesome! :p p.s. - if this question has been answered, i do apologize; if someone would be kind enough to enlighten me, i would appreciate it very much.
@suktwo dothat niiice, congrats!
holy s**t!!! i just grabbed an early adopter. never been this lucky in my life!!! so excited to get my hands on this. xd
just had some fun and thought about a shirt that i would love to wear: http://imgur.com/tz6gsro what do you guys think?
@dennis - i definitely understand. i wouldn't want them to lose any or anymore profit, but stretch goals are exciting. honestly, i would like something software based. i've been thinking about that for a while. but i do like the other ideas too. i wouldn't mind adding them on too for a reasonable price, but i think a glass screen protector wouldn't be a bad thing. maybe a stretch goal for it to get, and then allow it to be an add on at the end with a survey, and allow to be fairly inexpensive for us backers on this kickstarter project.
@how fu ken @zhita i would actually love a earphones (i was actually thinking about it), so +1 to that and or a screen protector, so +1 to that. screen protector due to price of protecting might be the safest bet. @shane mobbs not necessarily opposed to a shirt, but not necessarily looking forward to it, but i wouldn't mind. i got a pressy shirt, and i loved it. $1,100,000 is a reasonable stretch goal, but i feel like at this point, maybe that might even be pushing it
@simon search nextbit on g+ they already have a page
wooohooo broke the million. i'm so phyced. been telling anyone who will listen about robin!!! so happy i got in on first 1000.
@all bare in mind cost of add ons to nextbit vs value to you.  the profit margin is already likely quite small comparative to higher priced phones by other oem's.  they are a new business trying to make a enough profit to be able to survive and compete, and there is always a point where the profit becomes minuscule or even disappears.  perspective is a good thing.
i think the reason that nextbit cannot make free case instead of t-shirts is that there is already reward for phone + case + toy. if everyone gets free case for stretch goal,... its unfair for them to choose that reward..
great job on reaching the million mark :) congrats! on next stretched target, t-shirt...really? that can be quite a lot of work for very little value compared to say...a free bumper case. the cost of making 3000 t-shirts might be almost the same or more than making 3000 bumper case. and the work to collect sizes, and match them back to an order needs to be done manually... you have decided i guess, but do consider to change the stretched reward
i would suggest also that nextbit is also concerned, more than we i might add, about a successful conclusion to the campaign, so imagine along with reddit ama tomorrow, they have exposure in mind.  more exposure=more backers.
@nextbit i thought t-shirt was included in order. the confirmation mail said nextbit will contact you for mailing address and tshirt size.
@shane... i hope so, i would def buy..plus a great way to promote ;)
@rachel b, there will be a survey at the end and options to add-on once the campaign is over. @dennis, i've been using kicktraq to gauge the trend of backers/amount backed. you might be right, in that the critical mass of the project, with the growing conversation about nextbit might increase the flux of backers. and i hope you're right; however, the stretch goals, along with the allotted time before end of campaign keeps pointing that we'll probably end, at best $1.10-$1.15mil, given the last minute deciders. i've never had experience with kicktraq. are they accurate in their trend projections? anywho, like i said, i would gladly enjoy being wrong here. hahaha.
i may go for midnight if they have a ''mint" case. i'll just add another translucent case for vanity. @abe i feel that 250k is far fetched, unless ama interview managed to reach out and convince others to own a robin. @nextbit just a thought on a mint/midnight usb cable to match robin?
@rachel nextbit said they will let you add accessories during the survey process at the end. @simon @d'don if we don't reach 1.25 maybe they'll add the tees for purchase at the end. i'd pay for one gladly
@rachel b  will likely be an option when finalizing order with address.  whether they will come with phone is a good question as phones ship direct from china to consumer.  nextbit?
+1 for 4 gb ram. if got screen protector, even better.
future goals maybe throw in an earphone?
@nextbit will there be an option to purchase a case/cases that arrive with the phone? february can't come soon enough!
@abe @simon @ others kictraq.com still has the campaign trending over $2m.  maybe as in the beginning there is an uptick toward the end with fence sitters and others jumping in.
@simon nortman - yes! definitely
@abe, i fear you might be right... but i so want that sweet tee
@simon and @yvonne mint under with a perforated case would look pretty nice too.. but i feel like the mint color, while unique, will get boring to me. i prefer staple and clean. and with flashy colors, i'll go case. as far as the next goal, it'll take about 51 backers/daily to hit that $1.25mil, which estimates to around about $18k/daily. the cynic in me doesn't see the $1.25mil being reached...i anticipate a slowdown because the first stretch is pretty damn sweet for everyone, while not everyone would want a t-shirt (i would love one..that shirt is dope). so i probably assume it'll stop around $1.10-$1.15mil. this doesn't account for last minute deserters. i gave a conservative 10% margin, so we'd settle around $1mil ending. hope people prove me wrong...and these are just projections with no real merit. hahahaha.
@nextbit, are you going to have a google + page?
@ken wong  i could be wrong, but based on earlier comments during the campaign from @nextbit. hardware changes are unlikely, as orders for parts, etc are already in the works.  i think they used the terms, too late in the process.
+1 for 4g ram. @abe  i'm still torn for mint or midnight. maybe i'll need 2 cases for each color? 250k for a tee. what's your prediction in reaching this 2nd stretch goal? lucky you to have hit the goal in advance. ;) @nextbit give me a bruise (case)!
duuuuude! i want one of those tees! come on 1.25!
@abe, i too thought the same thing! def getting midnight :) @nexbit, fantastic stretch goals...129gb...that made me chuckle, love it! and awesome case designs!
frankly, i prefer 4gb ram to boost the performance of robin if the campaign hit 1.25m instead of that extra 29gb cloud storage.
how about that cloud storage concerned types, 129gb in the cloud!  get your friends and family onboard. ;)
the cases are bomb. now that theres a mint color case, i'm defffinitely getting the midnight.
we now know the stretch goals..thanks android central! http://www.androidcentral.com/nextbit-robin-kickstarter-surpasses-1-million-funding
woohoo $1 million + and 2500+ backers..can't wait to have mine!
no more stuff, build that phone!
@dennis i figure that's how i finally pulled the trigger to back robin. might as well keep it going. lol
@all a toast to everyone of you for being a part of an awesome project, the full ramifications of which are yet to be realized.  we are pioneers withr a phone to go viral, i believe.
@dennis, i'll stick to not including emojis then. i am super excited about hitting the million mark though...maybe the next stretch goal could include a new color variant :)
@shane here's a toast to you and to nexbit team, all 22 of them. (yes, i counted from the photo.)
@simon showed as a ? with black triangle.  i tried a grin sign early on in comments and it wouldn't accept it, saying it was html or the like.
think i'm gonna pour myself a drink to celebrate. anybody joining in?
@dennis, that was supposed to be a cheesy smiley face haha
i'm convinced we are over the stretch goal.  more margin for quitters.
congratulations nextbit team!
@alhad naiksatam no more stuff,  but speedier in hands experience??  just kidding nextbit, just kidding. ;)
@dennis, �
2616 backers and $1,002,194 pledged.  now i'm convinced.
next stretch goal predictions??anyone
congrats @nextbit and to all the other backers that are making this phone/company a reality!
thanks everyone for your support! stay tuned for future stretch goals. feel free to check out our announcement on reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/3l3hir/we_are_nextbit_the_developers_of_robin_the/ also we're having our ama tomorrow, wednesday september 16th at 11am pst / 2pm est.
nicely done nextbit. great to see such support for a great idea and what will surely be a great device. 1.25m stretch goal = glass screen protector?
@nextbit, congrats on hitting 1mil...clearly many share your vision, and i personally can't wait to hold that vision in my hands!
congrats nextbit
congrats on 1 mill! excited to see the next stretch goal.. 1.25 mil maybe? :d
congrats!
plenty of time for more folks to jump on the nextbit train... .awesome congratz nbr
@nextbitsys congrats on meeting your first stretch goal! this says a lot about what the mobile phone user community (so, pretty much everyone) believes robin can do. i am so excited for you and truly looking forward to seeing robin in my hands and seeing how it grows with me.
2613 backers, 1000941$, 15 days. this is the nextbit robin.
yeaaa it finally hit 1m! congrats!
this is great guys! congratulations to all backers! let's continue to spread the word!
this is great guys! congratulations to all backers! let's keep spreading the word!
i'd have more confidence @ 2013 or 2014.
@dennis..i know..ill feel more confident with a few more pledges
see if holds.
youpiiiii
woo hoo!! made it!!!
wow.. what a tease... we hit and then went back...
congrats!
one more person! come on! stretch goal before the night is out!
congrats, creators of robin!
1 mil congrats !!!
it's party time!
called it.
even though i was one of the first 1000 backers i wasnt excited until we hit the 1m mark. the more visibility this project gets the better the chances for long term support and future devices and innovation. giddy up
thank you all so much! update coming to you all very very soon, with some exciting information.
first stretch goal!!!
woohoo!
1 million ���������������
hurray!!!
1 million :) way to go guys !
so close
i am very excited! almost there!
so close!
@creator, are not not saying anything about the stretch until after we hit it?  depending on the stretch, adding them may encourage people to purchase if they see that we are close.  i would love to see the stretch goals for 1m, 1.25, 1.5, 2m...
sheesh. i'm thinking about pledging more just to get the last $20
1million real fast
@yvonne you'll hear about our next stretch goal hopefully very soon!
yes, come on 2-3 more people! for tha $1 million stretch goal. @abe chung predicted it.
1 million soon
<1000 to stretch goal!
1m reaching soon
2k to stretch goal. go, robin! will there be a way to access wad is backed up on the cloud and delete it if the data no longer  important, maybe ex-girlfriend or boyfriend's info and pictures? @next bit what's the next stretch goal?
just an idea that popped in my head : a while ago, nissan (yes the car maker) announced a new kind of paint that would heal itself if ever scratched. would it be faisible to do some kind of coating to apply to smart phones screen so they can "heal" themselves if scratched? i know some screen protectors advertise this feature, but imagine if the screen could do this with any exterior help! just a thought.
could still (and likely will) make your prediction date @abe.
every device manufacturer should be paying very close attention to what nexbit is doing here, because when it arrives on the scene, heads will turn and wallets will open. - source: http://www.techrepublic.com/article/nextbit-robin-makes-all-other-smartphones-look-less-intelligent/  and i will have one already. :)
lol forgot to post date. noooob.
will there be a way to limit which wireless networks the phone will use to connect to the cloud?  let's say i only want it to update over my home network and don't want it to use my work network.
@jeremy r @colin @abe chung @jason mcginty great ideas. as we've mentioned, we're really looking for innovative ways to use the cloud. even when you get robin in your hands, we'll still be looking for ways to improve your experience. thanks for the suggestions, very helpful! @j. s. yes, the processor will have x10 lte, but we will not be running at its maximum capabilities (similar to other phones using the same processor). @all thanks to @abe chung for announcing our ama. yep! tom, scott and mike will be answering on http://reddit.com/r/iama at 11am pst / 2pm est tomorrow. be sure to join us!
if i wanted 2 phones... would they be able to mirror each other?
agh! i never check twitter anymore. maybe i should
@shane tomorrow. it was announced on twitter.
@abe what day is the ama?
@nextbit is the sd processor you are using qualcomm snapdragon 808 processor with x10 lte?
@nextbit found my answer to mobile hotspot concern.  "robin backs up your apps and photos whenever you’re connected to power and wi-fi. (these are the default setting to conserve power and data, but you can change them to fit your needs.)"  source: campaign pages.
nice, @nextbit's gonna have an ama session on reddit 11am pst/2pm est!
@colin this plus google's ecosystem would be killer.
@jeremy think i saw a video interview with the ceo where he said that in future robin would be more intelligent in regards to restoring unused apps. say it knows you have a flight in a few days time (using calendar or google now) then robin would restore your flight travel apps just before you needed them automatically.
and @nextbit, another thing i was wondering... how advanced will cloud management be? can we schedule downloads for offloaded apps? (say you have a flight in a few days and want your audio book app then, but not now, but would forget until you're on the flight and it's too late)
@jordan i was thinking about that over the last week or so. though i think you can just tap the phones together with nfc to do that in person. @nextbit what about cloud sharing? community clouds? if you could partition your personal cloud and give the pieces a password and "room name" (url) for others to access it. for example, sharing a photo album or presentation directly rather than through social media or a site like filedropper would be great.
@neville chettiar we're still actively working on getting the verizon answer to you all! we can't say it enough, but please stay tuned ;)
as they say, "gets smarter everyday."
just thought of something in the shower.... (my thinking time.) not sure if this was already brought up at some point so i'll just fart it out anyway. i have a phone, my gf has a phone, we go out to the same places, take a bunch pictures... what is guaranteed at the end of the night? (no, not that, that's not guaranteed). picture sharing. i send her my shots, she sends me hers and we always have the same photos on both phones. let's say we're both in the nextbit cloud, would it not make sense to be able to have certain media folders shared in both of our clouds? it would be nice if i never had to manually share the photos again and they would just automatically appear in our shared folder whenever we sync up. there are services like this already, but nothing quite as direct.  also, trying to wean her off ios... i need all the ammo i can get.
@deniz.  yep.
total storage is 100gb (or there abouts).  imo.  with that said, the cloud is not then 68gb, but rather still 100gb and the phone is still 32gb.  too many are thinking in terms used in current storage options.  it's robin; grab one and find out.
i think people are overcomplicating things. we get 100gb in the cloud. plain and simple. phone uploads all data when charged and on wifi by default (this can be changed by user). some files can be kept on phone if the user chooses. as we the phone memory fills, apps which have been backed up and are fully synced will be "shadowed out". this will also happen offline. a fully functional but lower res version of our old pics will be on our phones at all times. this makes sure there is always memory on the device e.g video recording, more apps, large documents etc. if this is incorrectincorrect someone please correct me.
@nextbit does os know when it's on wifi and charging rather than on a mobile hotspot? i would assume it does.
almost at a million! would be nice if the million dollar customer got a t-shirt or a little surprise, like a fancy email with fireworks :-)
@j.s. [when does it starts to upload] when the phone is charging and wi-fi is on (you can override this though) [how much actual cloud storage we have] trust me, we're all gonna want to know the definitive answer to this one! [how can we access the cloud and if it can only be done on the phone and or computer] think @nextbit said they are working on a web client that lets you access your cloud storage. i could be wrong here.
@j.s.  good suggestion, hope nextbit can do something with it.
@dennis, not sure about marshmallow. i assume you are right in that the installed size of m will probably take up more space than lollipop. even if m was still 7gb, then effectively, 100gb cloud storage would quadruple your phones storage size: 32-7 = 25 25 x 4 = 100 in actual fact, probably not all the remaining 25gb would be used for apps, photos and video, so it would even be better than that in practice!
unstuck! just took a tweet.
@neville chettiar not yet.
@nextbit could you make a video explain in **detail how your cloud backup works, including when does it starts to upload, how much actual cloud storage we have. how can we access the cloud and if it can only be done on the phone and or computer.
dang, meter is stuck on 2603 backers, somebody, quick go find 7 more.
any update on the vzw compatibility ?
and more with m, maybe??
@colin lol!
@all  don't wanna muddy the waters even further, but i just wanted to add... the robin might actually be a 107gb phone! the reason being that the cloud storage of 100gb only backs up your apps, photos and videos (i.e. useful data). it does not back up the android os (lollipop is around 7gb installed). hoping that makes some sort of sense to some people.
it's definitely not like micro sd nor any other storage option currently available.  can't wait to get my hands on one.
@ eric yeah, i think you got the idea mate! think the community is slowly but surely getting the idea behind this revolutionary concept!
@eric wright exactly! i was afraid to say thephone has 100gb cause people might have misunderstood. but this exact same thing i was trying to say earlier, but just couldn't get it out as well as you did! thanks
for the "what happens next" after you fill up all your available storage... i imagine it's just like anything else you've filled up - you'll have to go and manually remove stuff if you want to add anything else. the difference here is that this is the cloud. it's 100gb for now but that number could be anything. they'll be options to expand this no doubt (if you need it) soon after this all kicks off. it will flex around our needs, and that's why it's cool.
@tyler steele it's not continuous.  it's user controllable based on need.
don't think of it as 32gb + 100gb. pretend the phone is 100gb, with only 32gb of the most used stuff available for use without a data connection. once you take a photo or download an app that puts you over 100gb you'll have to delete/remove something, or if offered, purchase more cloud storage. at no point will data exist on the cloud and not be represented on the phone (grey app icon, thumbnail, etc).
@tyler steele not always connected to cloud.  it comes defaulted to connect when on wifi with option of user to change it if needed.  i think.
question? with it always connecting to the cloud how does this effect battery life? thank you
less than $3000 to go! cmon!
here's how i understand the memory conundrum: your phone has 32gb of memory.  your phone is constantly being backed up to the cloud, so when you have 20gb of files on your phone, you're technically using 20gb of the cloud.  the closer you get to 32gb on your phone, the more the phone starts backing things up to the cloud and simultaneously "deleting" unused, less important files from your phone.  so, in theory, your cloud storage, if you had 60gb of "unused, momentarily unimportant" stuff stored in the cloud and a full phone, your phone would have 32gb and the cloud would have 92gb (32 backed up from the phone and 60gb of stuff that the phone has determined you aren't really using).  where the question comes in is what will happen when the "unused" stuff hits 68.1gb...which, if you're an avid phone photographer or videographer, will likely come sooner than later...
possible.  depends on where on the globe you are. ;)
@dennis before
@jacob tremblay before or after midnight? ;)
1 million tonight
supplementation rather than augmentation.  always sheep in both pens. ;)
@colin i am thinking of it this way. your cloud storage is 100gb. with your phone constantly backing up to the cloud it fills up with everything that was on your phone at one time. you get to 68gb in the cloud and lets assume your phone is completely empty. you then fill up your phone to 32gb, and as you do this, your storage backs that up and your cloud storage goes to 100gb. then the interesting question of what happens next! so as @dennis said, it is neither 100gb cloud and 32gb phone, nor either 68gb cloud and 32gb phone. i see it in my head that this is the way it is meant to work, but as nextbit said this has never been done, and it is surprisingly hard to explain it. and then i could again be completely off base and probably just need to shut up till i get my robin and can test it out myself lol. i can't wait till january!
whoops, @colin and @ chris.  ffs!
@chris thanks!  baaaaa.
@nextbit i've just seen the faq has this question now, but perhaps it needs expanding on. a one liner explanation might not be enough given how many comments it has generated!
@chris regarding the storage limit, i think i was right, although i'm really not sure anymore! i kinda think of all the explanations i've seen here, :dennis sheep analogy is the best! in any case, i really think this one should be put in the faq @nextbit
agree. @dennis
should hit the stretch goal at about 2610 backers.
@jordan, well said. i find it a little disturbing that so many people feel the need to tear down a company that is trying to push technology further. the cloud is a viable future, and nextbit is trying to make it as useful as possible. i, for one, am hopeful and delighted that i have the opportunity to be a part of a special startup.
@jordan collins same can be said about specs, or perceived lack of specs without seeing overall concept and design.  robin creators have addressed them all with great thought and foresight to produce what is and will be a phone that catches on with exposure and time.
assistant that could be used effectually by barry kripe is the bomb of assistants, until then.
just missed a early adopter ... �
most things on the internet generate more negative feedback than positive, it's in people's nature to try and pick out flaws. any new phone release drives huge criticism in comment sections, especially samsung and they're still doing alright. the bigger picture here is that exploration and innovation in any area, in this case the cloud, is good for everyone. i guess that's the most annoying part in reading ignorant statements because that doesn't seem to resonate with them. "sd card storage is better, why bother with the cloud" etc. innovation needs to happen on both sides and we'll all get better products and services because of it. if you don't see the potential, you're not part of the target demographic so feel free to question it, just don't make stupid, assuming statements about what it isn't. :) (that's what i say in my head every time i read something dumb)
@abe i want a virtual assistant that only speaks to me in bird chirps. it would still be more helpful than siri. lol
@dennis @ben winegarner for the sake of brevity, i will shorten the irrelevant material: "creator nextbit on september 1 @magnum steele  5. unfortunately not, due to battery optimizations we do not support always listening." "magnum steele on september 1 5. will robin support always listening function, i.e. ok google, or alexa, or robin?"
@ben winegarner @ abe i haven't seen anything mentioned on digital assistant.
@dennis very true!
well put benoit, my sentiments exactly.  a samsung or an lg, though, really?? ;)  i'm an unlocked carrier and unlocked bootloader fan.
too those who falter, keep faith friends! i believe in this project as many here does. @nextbit have a wonderful thing in their hands and they need us to make it happens. i know things aren't perfect and that the robin will lack some features that other phones have (phones which by the way tend to be more expansive), but by being here, i am here to support @nextbit and their concept. i am willing to make some sacrifice to be a part of this. sure, i could buy a samsung or an lg for a few dollars more, but i prefer giving a chance to the team behind nextbit instead of fueling a multi-million dollars compagny who don't give nothing about me and my needs. @nextbit has been very transparent and open to our suggestion and it's all in their honor. those guys are taking a big risk with the today smartphone market but they are making something truly unique and genuine and not just the same phone as others with better hardware or slight enhancements. i truly wish for @nextbit to succeed in their endeavor and i believe they will. keep up the good work! nice day to all!
@ben winegarner i believe not. i vaguely remember @nextbit saying in order to preserve battery life and efficiency, this wasn't added. anyone can confirm this?
@shane it's usually those that are fanboys of another phone already and don't even want to entertain something might be "better" than what they are a fan of.  they use perception and speculation to dis a competitor.
@nextbit: i have a non critical question. will the robin have a personal digital assistant built in like siri or cortana?
@robert newton yet another online article full of commenters that don't understand the way robin works. it's a little disappointing that so-called techies spew negative criticism when they don't even read the article. i tried to explain to commenters on some other sites that it's not gonna eat their data plan, or give nextbit some kind of skynet control over them.
boils down to where you are on the globe. ;)
it could happen today, or tomorrow if not today.
1 backer per hour = 15 backers = minimum $5,235. doable.
need about dozen or so more backers.
$5000 to go!
to some it could even be a flock, or even a mob of 100 sheep.
someday, more sheep is likely.
@dennis it's okay...i'll just get more sheep.
@colin it appears you were right in regards to the storage :)
@nextbit okay that makes sense. thank you for clarifying that for everybody!
@anita  thanks for the heads up! got it
@abe sorry, for now you only have 100 sheep. ;)
an early adopter spot is open!
@dennis challenge accepted. i'm going to fill up both pens to have 132 sheep.
simple: it's not 32gb + 100gb nor is it 32gb + 68gb = 100gb, rather like having a herd of 100 sheep that move around and having one pen that holds a 100 and another that holds 32.  some sheep can stay put in one or the other whilst others move back and forth.
here's a nice report on the device from tech republic, give it a read people...http://www.techrepublic.com/article/nextbit-robin-makes-all-other-smartphones-look-less-intelligent/
@nextbit no that's how i originally interpreted. thanks for clarifying though.
@robert @robert @abe we understand it seems unclear. no one has ever done this before so there's no common reference point. but you really do get 100gb in the cloud. of course remember we are backing up what's on your robin to the cloud every chance we get, which means what's on your phone is also in the cloud. this means robin will act as though it has 100 gb of storage (maybe a little more) but only 32 gb of stuff can be stored locally (on the internal memory).
$5k left, baby!
man, i wish i could get in on the early bird special! keep missing it and don't know how to change my pledge
@all what i understood is that there are two mecanism in the robin 1) replicate your data in the cloud so you can restore easily your phone anytime you want 2) upload applications and photos and videos to free up some space for that 2 mecanism, you have 100gb in the cloud. that's it that's all :). is that right @nextbit
@abe chung exactly. honestly i will never need more than 100gb personally so the answer doesn't really bother me. @dennis yes i am aware of this as well which is what i am a fan of. if i ever did need more space it is easily attainable. but this question needs a solid answer honestly. it is a selling point to a lot of people. i've seen not only nextbit say it goes both ways with storage, but a lot of articles differ on if it is 100gb cloud or 68gb cloud. if it doesn't get settled, we could potentially lose out on some backers that way and nobody wants that.
@rahul i don't get it.
speaking of the cloud storage concept of nextbit.
storage is not static, but dynamic.  it's not like a micro sd card whatsoever.
check out @nextbitsys's tweet: https://twitter.com/nextbitsys/status/643838241792204800…
@both roberts well it seems @nextbit said two contradicting statements, it seems. they said 100gb total storage, but then also said 32 local and 100 online.
will there be any news regarding verizon in the next week or so? don't want to seem impatient, but that is one thing i am dying to have confirmed! haha
@abe - i understand the spec sheet, but i'm going by what the creators are saying.  not that it matters much to me, but i don't ever think you can get to 132gb of total storage.
wow, at this rate we'll get to one million in just an hour or two more! didn't expect it to happen this soon to be honest. git 'r dun!
from nicolas capra about 12 hours ago @creator does the 100gb total in cloud mean that we actually only get 68gb in the cloud and 32gb on the phone? from nextbit about 11 hours ago @nicholas you get 100 gb in the cloud, no funny math tricks. from how i understand this comment from nextbit, you have 100 gb in the cloud, along with 32 gb on the phone. but then their most recent comment: nextbit about 1 hour ago @all you have a total of 100gb storage, and 32gb of that will be kept locally on the phone. hopefully that makes sense. please let us know if there are any other questions! this makes it sounds like 68gb in the cloud and 32gb on the phone. i have no idea which is right.
@dominique we don't support fm radio, sorry!
wow 2 early adopters open up in one day. i'm happy i was able to get one of them!
it is a bit confusing as you can interpret it two ways, it probably should be worded a bit more clearly, but now nextbit has made clear that it's 100gb in total, of which 32 on the phone itself :)
ya now im confused about the storage too haha. on a new note, apparently flagship killers have worried samsung because they are trying to kill the killers, $430 galaxy s6 on ebay... now i need to think again
@rahul sorry man,but i joined the club
@robert nowak well if we want to start dissecting nextbit's advertisement, their spec sheet says 32gb local / 100gb online storage. those are two different types of storage; therefore, you can't say 32gb local + 65gb online = 100gb total. this is how i'm interpreting it: 32gb (local) + 100gb (online) = 132gb total. however, the only reason they say 100gb total, because the phone continues to offload untouched apps and photos to create local storage and the only way to ever hit the 132gb cap, is to have no more room left in online and then fill up local storage too.
.. and now it's gone
yee i see 1 left in early adopter
per nextbit this am: @all you have a total of 100gb storage, and 32gb of that will be kept locally on the phone.
this product harms android.  just more unnecessary fragmentation. just create a launcher like nova with cloud storage. the phone looks uncomfortable and square. my early adopter special is now open.  good luck.
@abe - i think the tricky thing is you don't ever have 132gb of storage.  the 100gb doesn't truly exist in the cloud.  you have 32gb phone and 100gb total.  both the phone storage and cloud storage will fluctuate depending on how much is sent up or down at any given time.  if you used up all your storage, it would be 32gb on the phone and 68gb on the cloud. i think.
@shane mobbs, nice!
holy robin! i just got to change my pledge to the early adopter special!
wait, is it really that difficult to get? 32gb local storage. 100gb in the cloud. 32 + 100 = 132gb. they're obviously not going to advertise it as 132gb because the os is designed to strategically create space on your local storage. so they'll say you have 100gb cloud and 32gb local.
you've mentioned in a few different comments and interviews that there is going to be 100gb additional storage on the cloud. in addition one of the articles said that if you run out of this space, it will extend with no additional charge
@saklas thanks. see that's all i wanted. i get what it is in that iteration, but it was just that there were conflicting messages. i didn't really need an explanation of how it works, just what the storage amount is/was in full. & thanks @nextbit for completely clarifying that.
@john if i remember correctly, you can encrypt your data on your phone as well and no personal informations leaves your phone.
@all you have a total of 100gb storage, and 32gb of that will be kept locally on the phone. hopefully that makes sense. please let us know if there are any other questions!
will the robin have fm radio capability. most phones in the us have the fm chip disabled, will the robin be the same when shipped to the us?
@creator since encryption is only server-side, can i instead select what exactly gets synced (such as only photos, no data of any type)?
oh so it's server-side encryption, unfortunately that's a deal-breaker for me.  if you can give the option to have it encrypted on the phone before being synced to the server, then i'd be ok with that.  but sending a gzip to a server to be encrypted serves no purpose and offers no security.
guys, it's 32gb offline, and turns into 100gb with cloud. it would think of this as having a 32 litre bucket and a 100 litre mini pool next to me. at any time, i'm just having 32 litre, but can easily pour 32 litre out of my bucket and scoop another 32 litre from the mini pool.
@shane mobbs - yeah. there needs to be a video explanation or something, so i can really understand it and see how it works.
@stefan mansson see that confuses me. the statement: "@prakash kasiram hi! the phone has 32gb, but the cloud augments robin’s storage so that it acts like a 100gb phone. even the image on the campaign page had cloud (100gb), then it has 85gb available. it's too many confusing/contradicting statements. the pledges say "additional online storage (100gb total)"
d'don i've been curious as to how all that would work as well. i've got a 128gb iphone that only has 5 gigs of storage left.
@colin yes, thank you. however, @chris made better sense of it for me because i was trying to figure out what the total was in general. because they implied two different numbers with their statements. the number is important because i need to know how much space overall can i count on to have, whether local or online, even if the message is it's all together, it works as there's not really a difference because of the way it's implimented into the software.
@lars, yep i think abe will be right, hopefully we can sustain the million mark and get an update from @nextbit about the chargers
@gabriel sorry to hear you need to give up the early adopter slot; am hoping to get my hands on it for the missus though *hint hint* but guess i'll probably be off to snoozeland before 12pm (is it 11+am on your end now?)
whoa!!! 7k to go.. moving  pretty fast
@simon indeed, abe might be right here, the closer we get to the goal, the faster it'll go!
@yvonne, i have a feeling we will hit the stretch goal today :o)
10k to stretch goal.  :)
@gabriel fernandez that sucks, still, nice of you to let everyone know an early adopter spot will be available! best of luck, and hopefully you can save some money to get a nextbit phone in the future!
hey guys! i have a $300 pledge that i will be getting rid of at 12pm. keep an eye out if you want it. money is sort of tight and as much as i want a robin i'll have to wait... maybe i'll get v2 one day
@chris i see what you mean now. i guess @nextbit can clarify. i think it comes down to when the limit is "reached". either the limit is reached when  1) the phone is at 32gb and the cloud is at 100gb, and the phone data is allowed to be not a subset of cloud data  2) the cloud data reaches 100gb, regardless of the phone data. i assumed number 2, since if you lost your phone, and get a replacement, you could sync back from the cloud and have lost nothing.
@chris beat me to it, a good explanation of how the system will work :)
@colin well remember that when your stuff backs up at night, it removes your photos/videos/unused apps and what not and sends them to the cloud, it does this seamlessly.  so it is removed from your phone, so it will take up cloud space, but free up phone space.  there should not be a lot of duplicating unless you are causing that yourself is how i have understood it, maybe apps duplicating for backup, but that is not a bunch of memory.  when it comes to pictures and what not, they have stated that they will be uploaded to cloud, and if u want them back you just take them back off the cloud, so they should not be duplicating much.  which means a good portion of the 132 total should still be usable.  but it is 32gb onboard and 100 gb in the cloud seperately.
@abe, you are super fast. i was just typing that up . @stefan @abe , i guess it may be still possible it we ask collectively , so far the guys back in the office very supportive and i don't they would turn down something that's genuine and may be possible to achieve if they stretch a bit .. cheers to robin
ah @abe good catch, totally missed that
@bibin here's their official response: "creator nextbit on september 1 @magnum steele  1. at this point we do not plan on supporting otg" and "creator nextbit on september 3 @rl  yes, you can add more than one fingerprint record! also, we appreciate your feedback on otg and are definitely considering many features for future iterations of robin :)" hope that helps.
@bibin sebastian, don't think they've mentioned anything on it yet. most modern phones do support otg, so i'm guessing it's not too hard to implement if requested. odds are it is already supported, but no one has yet to ask about it. we'll see what @nextbit has to say :)
@abe .. cheers. but, i sure use it on many critical situations where i had to transfer data & i did not have a computer handy. so the guys back at next bit are not even remotely considering the possibility?
this old response may help you understand it better. "@prakash kasiram hi! the phone has 32gb, but the cloud augments robin’s storage so that it acts like a 100gb phone." however, i think i read somewhere that if enough people reach the 100gb limit, it may be increased. (100gb is already a lot of space, doubt that many people will be able to push that limit.
@chris, i believe the total space is 100gb. you will not be able to have >100gb storage as the cloud is limited to 100gb per user, where a portion of that 100 is stuff that's duplicated to your phone (32gb worth). if i understand correctly.
@d'don i think the key to understanding this might be to ignore the local 32gb. just assume the phone has 100gb of space for you to use. to you, it would seem like the phone does indeed have 100gb of storage as all you see is that the phone is behaving as if it can store up to 100gb of data. however, we know that the phone is doing clever stuff in the background to moves things around between the phone and the cloud to make it seem like there is 100gb of space. not sure if that helps, but this is the way i try to think about it.
and they have already discussed if majority of users easily approach that 100gb, they may increase it.
@all @d'don   it is 32gb onboard, and 100 gb in the cloud = 132gb total!!
@nextbit see, that's what confuses me. your response to me was: "the phone has 32gb, but with the cloud you have a total of 100gb because we’re constantly backing up your phone’s data and making space when you need it." which total of 100gb implies and means 32gb + 68gb with the cloud, because total is the sum of various variables together. but your reply to @nicholas states: "you get 100 gb in the cloud, no funny math tricks." which implies and states that it's 32gb onboard,and with an additional 100gb in the cloud, which totals 132gb overall = 32 onboard + 100gb in the cloud.
@john smith, nextbit mentioned "we will have one in the us, europe, and asia" with one meaning service centers, and they will also provide pre-paid shipping. so that should have you covered!
i am from singapore i know the warranty is limited to a year should any problem arise where is it to be sent for repairs?
@bibin sebastian, i used to think otg was super necessary. i had the opo and bought an otg cable, but at the end of the day, i rarely used it. i could see the functions and benefits for me, but to me, it's not a huge deal breaker. :)
guys .. why nobody is concerned about otg? @creator , i am one of the early backer and otg is super useful to me .is there anyway to include it ? i guess it is not much hardware dependent .
woohoo, let's go! <$10k
@stefan definitely! @abe i like the way you think!
@abe hopefully yeah we can reach it today, quite possible! if not, for sure tomorrow!
:)
@rik brouwers, true, but we've already hit ~$10k daily with the exception of a couple days. i believe in critical mass, where it starts moving faster as it hits closer to its destination. :))))
@abe. doesn't move fast, you never know :)
nextbit should of surely taken a lot of time to think about security when it comes to backing up. it's one of their key and standout features of robin, so it has to be well implemented. also, they have a lot of experience with baton as well and using aws. should be fine!
@dennis. $1mill by today...called it long time ago. ;)
@hl good catch, i should have been more clear, i simply mean they'll do everything in their power to give you the best security they can give you. in any case, i wouldn't be too worried :)
@lars privacy terms on nextbit's own website don't really "guarantee maximum security" per se. it says they'll do their best but it's at the user's risk. at the moment patiently waiting for nextbit to release privacy policies for the robin's cloud and also for the third party cloud server they have not disclosed. does anyone have access to t&cs for nextbit baton? my phone's not compatible...  i'm actually pretty relaxed about these issues (i use google, cloudmagic and dropbox, so enough said :p) but there should be some clarity as this is currently more of a shopfront than a donation site.
what about regular security update which nexus will get every month. do you have similar plan?
@timothy all your personal information will remain on your phone and won't get backed up to the cloud. so in that regard, it's the same as any other phone in that your personal information never leaves your phone. the information that does get backed up (photos, apps, music, ...) will be thoroughly encrypted in their cloud to guarantee maximum security. remember, tom moss, the ceo, has quite a bit of experience when it comes to security software :)
@nexbit, my one and only concern about the cloud storage is the protection that will be put in place against people getting ahold of seriously sensitive personal information. remember (crapple)? can you give us some idea of what you will be doing to protect all our stuff? thank you.
808: once there click on underlined 808 or go to bottom and click on 808 box for more details.
good read from qualcomm on the 808 processor:https://www.qualcomm.com/news/snapdragon/2015/09/04/nextbit-robin-innovative-cloud-first-smartphone
@yvonne take a deep breath,  relax and sing soft kitty every time you get anxious about it.  ;)
@creator, can you please check if robin indeed decode 24bit thru aptx???? cuz as far as i know, aptx cannot decode 24bit, unless its aptx enhanced which never provide to mobile device..... aptx can only stream up to 44khz flac which means it cannot decode 24bit 96khz thru bluetooth. yes, does dac decode 24bit/96khz thru headphone jack? like lg g2 or recent phones
@nicholas you get 100 gb in the cloud, no funny math tricks.
@kemal there is an additional notification led for just the type of thing you want on the bottom of the phone. you can see it in the "it lets you know what's up" section of the campaign. @kemal @alhad we realize many backers are interested in quick charge 3.0. since it was announced for the 820, we don't believe we will be able to support it but we're still asking anyway. @mark of course. screenshot or right click and save them. we want our supporters to share!
@creator does the 100gb total in cloud mean that we actually only get 68gb in the cloud and 32gb on the phone?
quick charge 3.0 introduced on qualcomm 820
@dennis keeping tree up is a great suggestion. it's too painful to count the days to the arrival of robin. (more than a 100 days)
it's looking like we/they could reach the $1m pledge stretch goal sometime tomorrow after all.   my synicist personae made say not until the 16th.  prove me wrong potential and wanna be backers and @abe right,  i double dog dare you.
"have",  not gave.   you have to know... i have ffs.  fat finger syndrome. ;)
@yvonne thanks for pointing out that choice of defining element was indeed a misstep by me.   i gave a bad habit of that it seems. ;)  so,  did you like my suggestion of keeping your tree up?
also, thoughts on quick charge 3.0. will this phone be compatible?
@creator would it be ok if i screenshotted a picture of the phone and emailed it to my son?
it would be nice if the cloud led lights on the back could be given some more functionality seeing as though they do take up some of the back. for example all four led means that its doing its cloudly duties, three led's for unchecked messages, all lights turning on and off in order means a phone call, etc. room to experiment. i do feel though that we should be given some amount of control to them and not just have a single led on the bottom of the phone. any criticism?
@dennis thanks for jumping in. good looking out. yep, to minimize delays, we've already done a lot of the work before going live on kickstarter. just to clarify, we are promising the early adopters (first 1000) shipping in january, and the rest of the units are slated to go out in february. and to answer your second question: yes, our team really is as small as the photos seem to show. lastly, thanks for trying to get us another backer :) @abe chung @yvonne  glad to hear you’re digging mint and midnight :) @d'don washington  the phone has 32gb, but with the cloud you have a total of 100gb because we’re constantly backing up your phone’s data and making space when you need it. @all we're working on getting a searchable forum together so we can continue listening to your feedback and suggestions. we're just getting started.
@dennis you could have told her robin is more attractive and cool than her current phone and asked if she agreed.  telling her her phone is ugly doesn't sound quite a good start.  ;)
hey, i even asked the wife tonight if she wanted a pretty phone.  i got the look.  and when i told her her phone was ugly, she said, "leave my phone alone."  so, sorry nextbit, i tried to get another pledge, but failed.  what i was going for was one of each color scheme in the household. ;)
we definitely need a searchable forum, but alas all good things (i.e.  robin) must wait. i'm thinkin' unless they get a spike won't reach $1m until the16th.  still a damn respectable achievement!
awesome, less than 17k to go.... is there going to be a 1.1m goal and surprise? there should be a 100k beyond 1m surprise... :)
@j. s. & @dennis - yeah, i'm trying to figure out, the whole thing is confusion. i've seen numerous tech bloggers says 100gb in total with online storage, but never 132gb in total. the campaign page says 32gb on board/100gb online.
@j. s.  picked up on it in several places.  i think, though it's only the initial total, not set in stone, as i also saw that if needed increased total would be considered.  maybe i'm wrong.  it isn't nor has been an issue for me.
@abe i know how that feels. one moment, mint! and the next moment as i look at robin again, midnight! and the cycle repeats. mint looks fresh, midnight looks cool and i can't have the best of both world. let's wait for color confirmation from nextbit before deciding!
i'm diggin the mint more and more as i keep looking at it.
@nextbit i am very curious.  is the team as small as the photos seem to show?  if so, i'm impressed!
@dennis in the specs it says memory: 3gb ram / 32 gb onboard / 100 gb online. when/where did they say 100gb between the onboard and online storage?
@yvonne how about keeping tree up until robin arrives? ;) shouldn't be too long after if you are an early backer.  i'm just guessing, by or before jan.10th.  i nave no inside info on that date, purely a guess and if i must wait until jan. 31st, so be it, it's cool, not gonna have a meltdown.  i know it's purely a projected target date and things can and do go wrong, but i also believe the nextbit team knew that before projecting january, february and march as target dates.
thanks for all your faq suggestions. that was super helpful!!! we'll update soon. @giacomo cetorelli great question! here's a pretty detailed response from tom himself on how we plan to innovate with the cloud in the future. he posted it as a comment on that technobuffalo interview :) "one of the core reasons we started nextbit is that we believe that there is a growing asymmetry between the amount of digital "stuff" we have in our lives and what will fit in our phones, wearables, tablets, etc. not to mention that if your important stuff is only saved locally, you will eventually lose it or have to go through the hassle of transferring it. long term, we believe the solution is that your stuff lives in the cloud, and you can use any smart-device to access the appropriate subset of stuff that you need right now, in its latest state. we call this long term vision "you, on any piece of glass". we want to start building this tech now, since we believe it will take years to perfect (not to mention we need to wait for better networks). we also want to start building tech around your phone adapting to you. one reason we think smartphones are not very smart yet is that they don't yet adapt to the user for things like storage, battery life, performance (cpu, gpu), etc., and we believe the combination of cloud and an intelligent agent on the phone is the right solution for this long term. robin is the first step for us towards a much broader vision. we hope that you all will be as excited about this as we are."
faq suggestion:  clarify that cloud storage is actually only 68gb, not 100gb added to 32gb onboard.  too many online articles including android central allude to 100gb in addition to the 32gb onboard.  it's 100gb in total, not 132gb in total.
17k to go... approximately 34 more takers. @nextbit thanks for the detailed reply! we're trying to patiently wait for updates. 2 more weeks to project end and i must try to forget about robin until after xmas.
@giacomo cetorelli - great question. i'm sure we won't get a real specific answer, but i would like to have an idea of what that could possibly be.
@nextbit before the launch of robin on kickstarter, one of the biggest rumors about it was that the robin's software would improve over time. the articles i read talked about this feature differently than normal software updates, talking about the robin being a phone that got better over time, unlike any other phone that starts to decline in performance from the moment you turn it on. is this true? if so, what specific areas will be improved and how to you plan on improving them?
faqs suggestions  1. is robin waterproof 2. does front camera have flash. if yes, will it work as standalone. same goes for rear camera  3. what is the return period for phone  4. how will customer support function  5. what sim size will you support  6. is this a world phone  6
@adam-lee smith android pay will be possible with robin with android marshmallow, which if robin is not able to ship with m will soon update with ota.  they are working on an m update even now.  by the way, i saw you have backed 34 projects on kickstarter.  how do you rate nextbit's use of kickstarter as their initial marketing strategy?
@noorulabdeen ahmad i completely agree. i would love that. i have used this feature before, and love it.
@nextbit yay thanks! i hope it does turn out to be like a metallic midnight blue. that way it's sleek, but it also stands out in it's own unique way along side the robin mint. so you have two standout looks, instead of just one being the only one in the spotlight.
i was wondering if this will be supporting android pay? reading all the complaints that it does not work on unlocked bootloaders and stuff, will robin be able to support it?
i have a question regarding the launcher that you guys include with the phone. is there an option for icon packs? if so, can you individually select icons for each app? one thing about using cm12.1 that really bugs me is that, although there is icon pack support, i cannot select which icon i would like to use for each app like i used to be able to do with nova launcher. it would be awesome to hear that your guys' launcher allows that!
@nextbit i think you guys have done a great job with the cloud integration, but looking around the web, some people don't quite understand ur backup concept e.g it will delete my files, it will eat up my data, it won't work offline. a few lines in the faq to address these misconceptions would be helpful to those unfamiliar with the benefits of seamless cloud integration.
nice to see ios "fans" onboard.  says something about the approach of nextbit.
@benoit  you can try one and switch to other to see which you prefer.  android works with both and you are not locked into either.
@benoit i've mostly used ios, but i've had a htc m8 and m9. when i first got my m8 i wanted to set things up like ios, but grew to really love the way android launchers work. i'd go for classic to get the full android experience.
@nextbit: a couple of faq that could be added.. 1. since it is cloud based perhaps an explanation regarding the encryption utilized (or just personal info safety in general) 2. why cloud was chosen instead of micro sd 3. addition of screen protectors and what type (tempered glass, etc.)
sooo... by the way, i am completely new to android and i'm wondering which "mode" should i use between the classical and the simple? i've been using ios and windows phone for the past 5 years. thanks!
@nextbit i would for you to implement this feature in the robin's camera software. as a vlogger i would like to have the ability to either record video from both cameras (front and back) at the same time, or be able to switch cameras while recording without the having to stop the recording?
thanks for the quick response! @nextbit
@stefan mansson  yes, you definitely can use the fingerprint sensor to unlock the phone :) thanks @jordan collins for also answering @d'don washington great feedback! we’re still finalizing exact color details, more on this coming up. @chris unfortunately, we don’t currently plan on supporting hdmi video. we’re still finalizing cases, please stay tuned for exact details. @jérémy benaiche we understand questions are getting lost in the comments section. kickstarter doesn’t have a way to add another tab, so we’re going to keep trying to respond as best we can through the comments. we’re working hard to make sure we don’t miss anything, but it does happen sometimes just because of the volume we’re getting from you all. @colin sorry for missing your question earlier! we don’t plan to have the shutter and video at the same time. as you know, we’ve had some experience in pushing out phones before. in the past, we’ve noticed that this can be confusing for some people. we appreciate the feedback and suggestion though :) hey guys, we definitely want to keep our faq as updated as possible. with that in mind, do you guys have any thoughts on what are the top questions we should include?
@creator talking of questions that keep getting asked, i'll try again, maybe third time lucky! with regards to the camera, can it show the shutter button and a video button at the same time? that way you can choose to start a video or take a photo with out needing to go into a menu to change modes. and also, can we get the ability to take photos while a video is being recorded at the same time? is it fine if you don't want to answer or commit to anything right now. but some sort of answer or acknowledge is appreciated. thanks!
there is already a faq on the main campaign page of kick starter, perhaps that should be updated with the questions that keep getting asked.
@nextbit, jeremy benaiche makes a really good point. also if i am signed up for the kickstarter one and want to get the vinyl mascot do i need to add the price difference to the pledge or leave the pledge as is to get it? thanks in advance
@nextbit is it possible for you to add a new tab on kickstarter to resume all of your answers to the community? some questions are asked several times because it's very difficult to browse into the comments. what do you think? (if it's possible of course)
@nextbit, asking again, first time it was missed, is it possible to video out from the usb-c port to hdmi via adapter out of box? similar to the macbook or is that dependent on android/plugins. also any tpu material cases in plan for robin? i find tpu very flexible and durable compared to thin polycarbonate. thanks!
oh and @nextbit  if you want me to take some designs to the next level then i'm afraid you'll have to commission me. ;) or... give me a free robin. or... a dock. or... a hug. :'(
ah i see @jordan, thank you! that sounds pretty neat.
the android authority pics looks great, the midnight looks much better without awkward flash. the darker, the better :p @stefan i believe you tap the button to wake and then keep your thumb there to unlock the phone. it's pretty convenient.
@nextbit maybe there should be more pics though of the midnight blue one just to clarify if it's just the viewing angles or light or not that give it an accurate view or a deceptive one.
nevermind, i found some good pictures. the one that tech gazette had was like a small thumbnail, i found some via bing search that are of a bigger resoultion. it's crazy what angels and lighting can do because i was going to opt for the mint robin, but looking at the midnight blue one in better conditions, i think i want the midnight blue one.
wow! i check in every few hours to see how pledges are going. since the last i checked it went up 4 grand. way to go guys!
@nextbit, i think it was mentioned that the fingerprint sensor would only read fingerprints when the phone is awake. does that mean we cant scan to unlock such as the likes of the iphone touch id?
@nextbit can we have a more close-up look at the midnight blue robin. i just looked at teen gazette, and it looked more metallic midnight blue (which i like), than a navy-like, mightnight blue.
@jeremy r. yes, robin comes with accelerometer and gyroscope. thanks @abe chung for your quick response!
*it, not title. autocorrect is wonderful, eh?
@jeremy r. i believe @nextbit mentioned it does last week, but i haven't been able to find how long ago they answered this.
@nextbit here's something i haven't seen mentioned... does the robin have an accelerometer/gyroscope for apps with motion control? every phone i can think of does, so i'm hoping, but i haven't seen title in specs at all.
< $19k to go! puuuush!
@john proffer sorry we missed your question earlier, our community is pretty active! we use google authenticator for our service level password. we did this because (1) we are building an android phone (2) most users know their google password (3) advanced users know to set a strong password and can take advantage of google's 2 factor authentication. when backing up to the cloud, the data is gzipped and transmitted over https. it is unzipped and re-encrypted at our server for storage. @lamine ouadahi we're investigating screen protectors due to the strong interest from our community, more details to come! @len ahgeak as others have mentioned, robin is a combination of plastic and metal.
@john: like i said, it's somewhere in the comments. i remember them saying the data will be encrypted before sending and will be stored encrypted. for technical details i have to refer you to @creator. since they read everything i'm sure they will give you a definite answer.
@rik brouwers, here's the technical comparison: s2 battery: 1,650 mah processor: dualcore 45nm exynos processsor with 32 bit, with 1gb ram camera: 8mp f/2.6 camera with digital image stabilization. robin: battery: 2,680 mah processor: hexacore 20nm snapdragon processsor with 64 bit, with 3gb ram camera: 13mp f/2.2 camera with phase detection auto focus.. other comparisons are overall technical generation enhancements. hope that helps.
@kevin what does that mean? it's encrypted after uploading to the server? or its encrypted transparently by the android platform on the fly as it gets uploaded (not ssl/ssh encryption)? there's a huge security difference between just encrypting data being sent between servers, data being encrypted after arriving on a server, and data being encrypted before it's sent to a server.
@kevin, definately man! @rik it will be a massive upgrade for you overall, not just the camera haha! nextbit are investing a lot of money and time to finely tune the camera to its limit. it will surely be fairly top notch, it is something they will be using a lot as well on their robins!
@rik brouwers. the nextbit robin will be a godsend compared to your s2. here's what's better about this phone compared to your current one. everything. but seriously, battery, processor, camera, band support, etc...you should notice a huge jump in performance, speed, battery life, etc.
as some people did complain/have questions regarding the camera. i don't know anything about specs but i currently have a galaxy s2, i guess it's a lot better?
@stefan: totally agree! i love the robin and desperately want one! i'm not blaming nextbit for the high taxes. it just hurts when you compare with countries where you can get the robin for less. @rahul: banks and governments are't nice. (don't want to sware)
the video @rahul was referring to: https://www.youtube.com/watch… nothing really new though.
@creator nextbit. considering that screen protection companies only make protectors for what they see as "best sellers", they probably won't make one for robin right now, so would you offer a screen protector even if the screen is gorilla 4 ? i for one would pay for that
@kevin i think its pretty reasonable. its just that nextbit didnt have a choice of putting tax on the original price of the phone so it was added it to shipping. in most countries its around 20% of the product price. plus it includes shipping (which i'm assuming is tracked) from china, but all of this really depends where you live. as a whole, i think nextbit are on point and fair with pricing and for sure us early adopters are lucky!  it will all be worth it in the end, hopefully we can keep our calm for the next few months!
guys check out first look at robin by android authority
guys what's bugging me is that i have to pay an additional 3.5% for currency conversion charges to the bank as we are purchasing in usd and not in indian rupees.. guys with all ur comments i feel i should keep my pledge @chris i had my oneplus 2 invite on august 21st..i gave it to my friend as i was not intrested
@stefan. $98 is still a lot of money. definitely when you compare it with other countries. but not to be helped i guess. luckily i'm an early bird so the price for me is still reasonable.
although, it was not clear where you are from the post, you may have the choice of many other chinese phones at cheaper prices, that we in america do not, this is kind of america's version of oneplus...
i really love the phone and i would love to received it at january rather than february. i backed the kickstarter special.
@rahul  the robin is pretty comparable to the lg g4 which is still around $420 for the international version i saw on ebay.  the main downside of robin is having to wait til jan-feb when it very well could be running up against the sd820.  oneplus 2 is another possibility but their business model does not inspire loyalty and the final product seems littered with bugs and virtually no customer service to back it.  the community here has definitely taken me off the fence on what phone to get and landed me with nextbit.
@john proffer. the data is encrypted while uploading and is encrypted on the servers. they are aware of security concerns and are doing all that is possible to keep your data private. not my words but theirs. somewhere in the comments but understandably you can't read everything...
@rahul robin is 100$ off for early adopters, if you decide to get it later on, you'll regret it and pay much more. not worth it :) the $98 also includes tax, so thats something else you have to keep in mind as well. overall, nextbit gave the opportunity to the first 1000 backers to get a cheap grab in comparison to the rest of the android flagships out there.
@rahul i understand your concerns, but that's just about all you'll have to pay, every cost (shipping, vat, customs...) is included in the $98. i think you need to look at how much you're willing to spend on a phone, because $400 is about the price for most solid mid to early high end smartphones. even with the shipping costs which are a bit high, i still think you're getting a steal! but that's just my 2 cents :)
guys i am concerned a little bit.. i am an early adopter so got the phone for $299 shipping +  $98 so total of $397 in addition to this, 3.5% currency conversion charges by bank to convert $ to ₹ for the transaction amount of $397 i.e.  $13.89...so in all $397+$13.89= $410.89..this is what i would have to pay for being an early adopter... feeling a little low now :(
@benoit fortier grats man! @len ahgeak i believe the top and bottom parts are plastic, and the middle is aluminium
is the phone made out of metal or plastic?
woohoo! just made it to the early adopter spot! :d
@nextbit i have a question about the conception of the smartphone : if i need to change the battery (yes i see on the long term :)), is the phone easy to disassemble ? or is it as complicated as the htc one for instance?
why why why can't shipping to china？
@stefan mansson we hear you. @chris we're on snapchat, twitter, periscope and facebook under "nextbitsys"!
@creator you always have the option to uninstall an application or to delete a photo. this delete will be replicated in your cloud storage. you own your data, you're in control. @yvonne as of today this is correct, you can restore only what's has been backed up to the cloud. we've a tendency to back up preventively, therefore even apps that are not greyed out are backed up. this allows us to free space on demand more easily. @jeremy r. that's correct. by default everything is backed up whenever you're plugged in and on wifi. @darko we have a notification led at the bottom of the phone too. this led will similar to what you've today on your nexus 5. we decided to dedicate the back leds, for the cloud syncing. @yvonne the way the backup happens is incrementally, therefore we just backup what has changed. this reduce drastically the amount of data exchanged.
less than $20k to go! :)
@jeffrey noy the only way to have more than one pledge is to have multiple accounts. however, after the campaign ends you can always choose to add the mascot to your pledge :)
how can i add another pledge? i want the rebel yell.
hmm lack of response to my question has me concerned.  i'm starting to think their encryption is just a secure link to the cloud, but it's actually stored unencrypted on the servers.  which makes this phone no different from say, oneplus two, or many other phones on the market..
@johnathon kwok afaik the cases, once finalized, will be an option for an add-on during the survey section at the end of the campaign.
hi, i was wondering if the cases would be available later on in the campaign as an add on or is the only way to pledge for it? great work so far, by the way.
have you read this?http://teengazette.com/wp3/nextbit-robin-the-smarter-smartphone/
looks like more and more people are finding their way to the robin, awesome! the amount of backers has soared the last couple of days.
< $22k to go now...go go go! am so tempted to get a second set just so i can have one of each colour...but am not sure what i would do with the second phone though, haha...
@bostongreekgeek reply from nextbit on case earlier:  the thin translucent case will look good on both models. it is not just for the midnight model by any means. @all 23k to hitting stretch goal. *thrill*
for the cases there should be a clear plastic one as the design of the phone is too cool to cover. at least with a clear plastic case you can still see the design. or a case that has the same cover as the phone so you still get the effect.
@chris nextbitsys
there is a snapchat?
@nextbit, thanks a lot for the massive response after your long day out! looked good from the videos on snapchat! did you guys go hiking? also, think the mint button on the midnight version would look pretty awesome as well as the light blue, but maybe the mint would give it a bit more of a contrast which would be sweet! nearly reaching that 1 mil mark, looking forward to hearing more on updates soon! just a quick question! will the quickcharger & cable be color coded depending on the colorway we choose? if that's not already planned don't worry, its not a request, was just wondering!
@colin, jung, jeremy, yvonne,  i remember that a few days ago nextbit responded to a similar question, about what to do in case of lost or theft. unfortunately, i cannot find the response anymore :-(  my question was, if it will be possible to 1) locate your robin using the cloud or 2) send an emergency signal from the cloud to the robin to upload all information (also the data stored local on the phone), so you can download your data afterwards to a new device. (it would be nice that at the same time with the emergency-signal from the cloud, the robin will 'lock'). anyway good questions! i'm looking forward to the answer.
+1 for a t-shirt @stefan!
@abe chung throw in a sweet kickstarter t-shirt as well and its a deal ha!
@robert nowak, even if we had last minute deserters, which is pretty common, at the rate we're going, we'll have an additional $170,000 (average $10,000/daily), which would come out to $1,146,000, and if we lose 10% of the backers, we'd still be within first stretch goal. i think that's pretty safe. phone with quick charger (wall dock)? yes please!
i've never really used kickstarter before but i would assume a bunch of people will drop out at the very end.  though perhaps with the discounted price, a number of people will jump on board at the end too.
@abe i still think we're going to loose some people in the coming weeks (op2 invite, moto x launch,...) but 1 million will be easy indeed. i don't think another 500000 will be an option however.
less than $25,000 guys. it's crazy how we're hitting the $1million at the halfway mark. i called it.
as for the the data backup if i remember correctly, when it's plugged and connected to a wi-fi network, everything is backed up. i think it is in the campaign video but i'm not sure.
@leonard wong, they have indeed thought of that, and believe there is an option of when you want to download/upload from the cloud and whether you use wifi/data plans to do it. check out the interview by technobuffalo. they go more into depth about it.
@leonard you can limit it to moving when on wi-fi.
i have a feeling this might translate into high data usage which is a huge disadvantage to users with limited data plan.
@colin @nextbit, personally i would love to see an extended nextbit website where you can control your photos/apps etc which are backed up in the cloud, much like the ecosystem apple is building around with icloud. not really necessary right now, but maybe something that can be worked on in the future!
@nextbit creator, another question regarding loss of the phone. if i were to lose/replace my robin, how would i sync it with my cloud account when i get the new phone. i assume every robin user would need a nextbit account, so these credentials are used to sync the new phone? thanks.
@jung, jeremy, yvonne revisiting this issue about losing your phone. as i understand it, for apps, only the apk is backed up. any settings and app data/progress is stored locally on your phone still. so if you did lose your phone, you would not be able to start where you left off. for example, if you were playing a game, your game progress if stored locally would not be reinstated. @nextbit, can you confirm this?
@rahul  with more updates and exposure from interviews, it is possible to reach out and hit the stretch goal target. mint or midnight ...  can i get best of both world in a single robin?
@rahul, happens all the time! don't worry, we'll surely reach the stretch goal within a few days!
why is the funding going down..  i guess some of the guys are backing out.. really sad to see this
@jung @jeremy thanks for the clarification.i missed that out. if i'm halfway thru' the backup and off wifi and adaptor, will robin resume where he last stopped? @kua hi there, fellow mate. the problem about retrieving necessary comments scrolling through 1694 comments is tiring. it could possibly be the tax, forgot the gst for items over 400.
@darko the light is turned on/off by software so flashing should be possible...
@yvonne you're from singapore? good to see a fellow singaporean on here! :) anyway, with regards to the shipping fees, am thinking part of it is actually the tax if i recall correctly?
@nextbit ....another question about the led on the bottom, can you let it flash? when miss a call than for example should it flash fast and for a massage slow. on my nexus 5 i have different led colors and i know you could'nt change to color led but if you can make it flash it would be really nice (see app --> light flow)
@yvonne  @jung is right, i think. the phone backs up everything. it only grays out apps when it's making space. either way, everything is backed up whenever you're plugged in and on wifi.
@yvonne as far as i know, when you charge your phone & connect to wifi, your phone will be backed up 100% (this is the default setting). so if you lose your phone, you should be able to recover all the data. the greyed app/data on the phone only means that particular info is offloaded from the phone to free up phone memory.
funding amount down from 971564 to 970785 :(
29500$ left until the first stretch goal! keep passing the vibe :)
@nextbit  to addon to server backup question: - if i lost my phone, i can only retrieve information that are on the cloud right?  (only if they're greyed) those data which are not stored in server or frequently used will be lost for good as well. i don't think shipment from china to singapore is that expensive. will there be refunds on shipment if it has been over quoted? mascot will be shipped from china too?
@creator, early happy baker, i'm more and more confident about what you're doing guys.  have 2 questions : 1- what happens to my data saved on your servers if i uninstall an app (from the play store)  ? sorry if already asked  2- considering that screen protection companies only make protectors for what they see as "best sellers", they probably won't make one for robin right now, so would you offer a screen protector even if the screen is gorilla 4 ? i for one would pay for that
@ angelo shipping for kickstarter units will be direct from our factory in china, not from a warehouse in the us.
@angelo the shippingshipping itself doesn't cost 25$, there are other fees included that you are normally charged anyway, the problem is that there is no way of distinguishing between the fees on kickstarter
@kevin millman - no to ois, but it does have phase detection autofocus. yes to 4k video recording. i don't know the frame rate though
@creator - just want to confirm something -- when you mentioned that data stored on the cloud, i'm assuming you mean it's encrypted entirely on the phone before being synced to the cloud? like lastpass does?  or are you relying on some kind of ssl/ssh layer as an encrypted tunnel and its actually stored unencrypted on the cloud? if it's encrypted prior to being sent to the cloud, will there be desktop apps for osx/linux/windows for this data to be retrieved from desktops?
i wonder why shipping is so expensive within the united states, seeing that you are a us based company?  i purchased many thing from around the world and the uk and us always charges so much for the least distance.  i think $25.00 within the u.s. is outrageous.
@creator can you give some more information about the following: 1.  camera - does it have image stabilization?    can it shoot 4k video (and if so what frame rate). 2.  battery life - expected on screen time?   if you have used a one plus one how would you compare?  mah is so difficult to judge things by as it's all based on the optimization. 3.   i assume it's only single sim, any chance in a future version you may try dual sim? 4.   how will hardware support work if defects are found?
@mark it was mentioned earlier that nextbit originally thought of doing that but the expense and time to create that kind of custom engraving is not feasible..so something such as a symbol or universally agreed word is probably more likely
i think it would be cool if we could get our names engraved or initials or something then my wife couldnt say she thought it was hers as she goes through my text
@joel leslie @nextbit straight talk uses at&t, t-mobile or verizon.  i have used all 3.  correct, it depends on where you live which coverage is best.  you need to know so you request the right sim from straight talk.
@sahil patel the led is on the bottom end of the phone and is white only. idea being you can see the notifications with phone face down and up.
is the notification led on the front or back of the phone? i tend to leave my phone screen up so i was wondering if i would have to start flipping my phone over screen down all the time.
@nextbit, thank you for all of your responses! yes we are all very active in this community and we love the interaction between you and between ourselves :o)
omg commenters! you guys are awesome. we totally took sunday off and you've been helping each other and coming up with such great ideas. i went through all the comments and have a massive list of answers to those of you whose questions didn't necessarily get answered or that we just want to respond to. ready? go! @j.s. on m, the fingerprint sensor will be used to authentic android pay, and can be extended by developers. on lollipop, we will be limited to using fingerprint to unlock the phone. @norman we love reboot for engraving! but otoh i’m liking stefan’s mockup of the alpha too. we’re going to keep watching your ideas. @michael we will absolutely allow you to “pin” applications so that they remain on your phone no matter what. @rahul we have 4 different quick charger variation for the different plug types in the countries we are shipping to. you will be able to select the proper version in the survey you receive after the campaign ends. @khang apps only turn grey when they have been offloaded from robin, they are backed up long before then. this will work whether you are using our “simple” mode (apps only, no app drawer, widgets in a pinch layer) or “classic” mode (standard android launcher style). all apps will be displayed in the app list or drawer but there are several ways to sort them. @ranu the speakers will be plenty loud. they each have their own large port for air and their own amp @rob, colin, dennis, stefan we chose robin because it is many things, not just a bird. that being said, the phoenix is san francisco’s symbol because the city famously burnt down and was rebuilt. i even have one tattooed on me. (we are serious about being an sf company) @colin correct that all buttons are on screen. the power key acts only as a sleep / wake switch (and fingerprint sensor when awake) @joel leslie: this depends. in some areas straight talk runs on the att or tmobile networks. in that case, yes. but we can’t determine whether you live in one of those areas. if you go into a store and they say you can use att or tmobile phones, you’re set. @robert chan 2680 mah is the largest battery that will fit inside robin. we will do everything we can to make sure it lasts as long as possible. @stefan and simon. good eye! we originally were speccing a light blue for the power key on the midnight edition. but the more positive response we got on the mint color, the more we’ve been leaning to make the key mint on both. this could lead to some very cool things we’re also trying to make happen. (i know you all think that’s a hint about the mint midnight, but it’s not. otoh we’ll talk about something there soon too.) @yvonne the thin translucent case will look good on both models. it is not just for the midnight model by any means. @joel york. great idea. we’ll propose custom boot animation as an idea. @jordan now that the 3d file is available we’re looking forward to some next level ish from you and other adventurous backers. @rhiney there are no frames or lips on the edges, that would not feel good in your hand. but the screen is gorilla glass 4, resting it upside down on a table should not scratch or hurt it. @robert newton, because there are camera components, speaker components. jacks and other hardware that require connections or precision placement housed in the top and bottom plastics, they cannot be user replaceable.
i agree with @benoit fortier. early backers are already getting the phonea month early, for $100 less than retail price, with a very special sim tray, it seems like with all these engraving / color / other personalized options people are thinking of, it would not be easy for nextbit to put such intense detail into these phones while they are mainly trying to get off of the ground and get started.
wonderful work with the sim tray pics. i agree with the simplest design possible for an engraving. personally i like the nextbit cloud, although i don't think an engraving is necessary. great idea about the personalised boot screen for all of the kickstarter phones!
@robert newton i dont imagine that would be something that they can do because that portion of the phone contains the speakers (and probably more stuff too). plus if they made plastic attachments they would most likely protrude and feel awkward
@ahmad that's what i was thinking about when i asked for an engrave sim tray. the moto maker is really cool! that should be the standard for smartphones now :). @stephan about the engraving, the bird (without the cloud) is still m'y first choice! nice work by the way!
in the future i would like to see a motomaker sort of thing, where you could customize numerous colours and make the device entirely yours ;)
hi guys, just seen this picture...https://www.facebook.com/nextbitsys/photos/a.661802377283057.1073741828.398360426960588/680052362124725/… ....on facebook and wondered if it would ever be possible to design the top and bottom of the phone sections so that they are replaceable in order for people to choose different colours/shades that they want to customize their phone.
welcome @mike eisenberg! good to have you on board!
@jordan, great job with the renderings.
ok, i'm in!  i'm very excited about this project, and as a current, long-time ios user, i am looking forward to the change.  i have had previous experience with android as a result of the company xperia i'd been given a while back, and while i don't expect that the os transition will be a difficult one, my iphone 4 is on its last leg and it's going to be tough to wait until february.   nonetheless, i'm really looking forward to being a part of this community of backers and i hope we can collectively assist nextbit into creating and subsequently refining a smartphone that is unique in every way possible!
@jordan, i really like the new dock design with the cloud ... i think the design language is more in line with nexbit and it matches the clean, sharp lines of the robin....its nice and compact too. great job!!! i hope nextbit puts something like that in production, and appreciates all you hard fan work :o)
2 dock designs now: http://imgur.com/a/msmrj this is fun :)
@steven, the hague.. like where you're going with that! let's hope after the new gen nexus 5 release on the 29th that many more people will pledge for robin!
wow this community is alive and kicking. i'm proud to be part of it! i have a hard time to read all the comments, replies, and all the artistic work that has done the past few days. way to go all of you! all the new content makes me doubt again mint or midnight.. so if i'm not wrong the 1m-goal will be reached on the 16th. i hope the next stretch will apply with 250k, because i doubt if another 500k will be reached within 14 days. (i hope it will, because nextbit deserves all the success). so there will be an european tour, with a kick off party in the hague? :)
@creator  i was wondering if there will be some sort of lip on the front of the phone so when it is face down its not sitting directly on the screen. in order to see the cloud lights when its pluged in it would have to be gave down
@jordan i love the dock. great job
@shane show us that you mean it when you say you believe in transfer through the cloud nextbit
@jeffrey lol. i was thinking the same thing.
if it were a rooftop party, would shipping be included? ship me for free. :p
+1 for rooftop party. that would be awesome hahah
@alhad naiksatam that's a good idea. i bought a 15000mah one from amazon for $39.99: http://goo.gl/ighavj
@stefan - that would be awesome! @shane - not sure, but we're getting really close. probably will hit it within the next 2 days, then another stretch goal - 1.5mm - everyone gets a sweet shirt like the ones we saw in the video, or gets invited to a rooftop party where everyone brings their nextbit to show off.
@shane mobbs not too sure about 24 hours but probably within the next 3 days! think someone bought the distributer pack and that's why it shot up quickly. the new nexus 5 releases on 29th september (which is really close to the end of the campaign) so maybe pledges will increases then as well. think nextbit will probably release a new update/video soon on everything that was discussed the past few days :)
what do you guys think the chances are of getting to the million mark in the next 24 hours? things seem to be picking up pace lately. almost seems like some were waiting on that other phone announcement before pledging.
getting close to that 1 mill mark. congrats @nextbit!
@jordan that's a really cool dock design. not sure how stable it would be, but looks awesome!!!
@jordan collins sweet! looks like something nextbit would come up with!
@jordan collins thanks it looks really cool! i love the mint gray design and it would be a cool color for the actual phone.
@khang thai yes, interesting idea! we'll see when @nextbit checks everything out and takes a closer look at limits and possibilities on engraving, then they give us an array of options to choose from :)
any plans for power banks with quick charge??
@stefan - woops on the spelling error ;p
@stephan - nice work on those sim trays! i got a little inspiration and did my own. thought the rebel yell mascot might have been more aligned with the brand. thoughts? http://imgur.com/ga7mkpv
@jordan - cool color scheme and dock design.
woah big jump in funding...looks like a distributer pack :o) nice!
i'm back... this time with a dock design! http://imgur.com/9niqaww it's cool playing around with the design language of robin for accessories, it's a lot of fun. so we have a dock, with speakers and the cloud led's. ideally i'd have a notification light (as the one of the phone is at the bottom) and a mic in there too so i can have the phone on loudspeaker while i'm in a call. i might make some more things.... i'm procrastinating from my actual 3d work i should be doing haha.
i'd prefer just having the cloud logo on the sim tray, as it matches the cloud on the back of the phone, and it just works :)
@robin mckinley added them on to http://imgur.com/a/przlx ! however, due to the nature of the sim tray being really small, doubt such detail could actually be engraved onto it! great suggestion though! @abe chung, no worries man, my pleasure! however, don't know if @nextbit would be up to engrave such a thing as it is so finely detailed, think they were leaning towards a simple word etc. (would look awesome if it could!)
@stefan yooooooo that robin!!!!! that's on point. thanks! the first editions nice because its nostalgix when i used to collect pokemon cards. i wouldn't mind the robin being on all backed phones, with the 1st edition for the early backers. thanks so much for taking the time to get some renderings for @nextbit
@stefan  of the three engraving ideas you posted earlier, i like the robin bird one the best.  as an idea suggestion, could you make one with the bird inside the nexbit cloud shape?  i'm just curious to see how it would look.   thanks.  :)
just wanted to say this interview: http://www.technobuffalo.com/videos/nextbit-robin-interview/ definitely  solidified my desire for the phone. you should really stick in on your campaign page. i was already an early adopter for my wife and i but wasn't sure if i'd keep it. i sure will now :d
i knew about it but indeed having a nice discount, a special sim tray and an early delivery should be enough. but hey, nice ideas should get some thought, you listen you learn.
@joel - yeah, i always thought if anything special was done it should be done for all kickstarter backers.  quite ironically i knew nothing about nextbit.  i happened to be on oneplus forums (asking opinions about whether i should use my invite - i was leaning towards not) and saw the kickstarter campaign.  i read it and decided immediately to back it -- i am probably one of the first 300 or less.  total luck of the draw.  also, interestingly i find nextbit to kind of be the anti-oneplus in terms of being open with customers/potential customers.  i'm sold.
@benoit fortier indeed it is quite hard to distinguish voice tones in written text (happens a lot, dont worry), many of us here are just really excited and want to get all our interesting ideas out there! of course, not every idea can be put to reality at this point, but surely its great motivation for nextbit and they'll probably add it to a list for consideration for the future. anyway, thanks for being a backer and hope you pick up an early adopter spot!
here's another idea. how about a custom boot animation for all backers of the kickstarter campaign?
@nextbit i saw your reply @ the update section "the black models you see there are for what will be a thin, translucent case."  my question: there'll be a thin translucent case for midnight? is this the case for mint too?
@stefan you're right, i found the post. was just my opinion and i felt that some were making demands because they had a spot in the early backers and that they deserve more than the rest of us, but i might have misunderstood the tone of their posts, something easily done when reading something that people are passionate about. didn't want to cause a commotion! and i've been checking every hour or so for the past few days in hope of getting an early spot too. i am really eager and excited about robin and i can't wait to have it in my hands!
@benoit fortier they had already mentioned engraving the sim tray so we are just feeding them with ideas. i am an early backer however i wouldn't really mind the stock tray, and i'm pretty sure i speak for the rest saying that we really do appreciate the discounted price. some people were still able to pick up the early package the last few days. if you really want to pick it up, keep your eyes wide open! best of luck :)
just my opinion regarding the engraving of the device for the early backers... i feel like some of you think that you deserve something more for being ''early backers''... yet, you might have gotten your place because you were lucky enough to hear about this project in august, or had the chance to be on kickstarter the morning of september 1st. i wish i could have one of those 1000 places but i don't, but if i land one of these place, i would not care for an engraving. you already have great privilege. you will get the robin in your hands first in january, you get a very special sim tray and you pay 100$ less than the retail price. that's your special treat. i think @nextbit should focus more on the development and fine tuning of the device instead of scratching their head to find a way to engrave something on a already special phone. it's just my 2 cents, and i'm not angry by the way! :) can't wait until february!
@ mugesh you're right. that's why i'm waiting for @nextbit to give us more details about the possibilities for engraving. if it's only possible on the sim tray, then we don't have many choices. @colin haha i'll volunteer with great pleasure
ha @colin i wish!
perhaps @nextbit could choose the top ten commentators on this forum as beta testers in the new few months? that would certainly tide me over and keep me occupied if i would qualify!!
@jeremy yes bird is a great suggestion but it should be engraved at the back of case not in the tray coz it won't be visible in the tray isn't �
@colin i'm in the same situation : i have also a htc one m7 and i still love it (except for the battery that is a little bit tired). don't take any phone before the robin, it doesn't worth it. besides, the nexus 5s design is not comparable to the htc one or robin! but i agree, the waiting is going to be very hard!
an engraving on the tray is a nice idea. but the tray is at most 2 mm high. everything on it will look like a small dot. the "special" should be limited to a special color.
@jérémy benaiche indeed the bird was a great suggestion!
@stefan manson i like the bird one.
@norman, i've still got my htc one m7, since mar 2013! it been on it's last legs for ages now, couldn't afford to upgrade earlier, plus never been the right time to do it. but this last quarter this year, so many phones coming out, seems the best time to upgrade. you know how it is, if you are waiting on something, then time slows down! think i won't lose out if i get the nexus 5s in the meantime.
@stefan manson i like the bird. on your rendering, the alpha is not that great after all and 1st edition looks kind of cheap. so +1 for the bird !
@collin, gotta find something that can hold your interest for an extended period..i'm still happy with my note 4 and have had it for a year now. another 5 months won't be too bad. plus once halloween hits the rest of the year will fly by because everyone is in "holiday mode".
just had a thought, these five months be the longest ever wait. i'm thinking of getting the nexus 5x just to tide me over until then. more or less exact same spec as the robin, then when the robin arrives sell the nexus or give it to my partner .
@nextbit is that quick charger is ready,  give us some pics eager to see updates
@colin yeah got it that's well said
sorry meant @mugesh
@stefan cool � thank u
@monash while there are other phones with fhd, they may have different sizes screens, that's why they have different ppl. see here, the robin will have 423ppi http://pixeldensitycalculator.com/…
if i remember correctly, it stated in an article that the ppi was 423
@lars yeah might have been  nice to hear as 450ppi ��
@nextbitsys as u guys are telling with humbleness as  underdogs but remember that u guys are gonna be the forerunner of the cloud storage and smarter smartphones u guys are giving the future smartphones hats off...  proud to be a backer
@mugesh considering it's a full hd display, it'll probably be somewhere between 400 and 450 ppi :)
@ lars,  nextbit,  some devices though fhd but having lesser ppi that's why i am more curious about pixel density in robin,,.
@shane, ooo i like that idea! it would be very minimal yet a very nice touch.
go mint @dennis!
for the special sim tray i vote same color as all other editions with the bird engraving that @stefan did in the color of the phone. (mint bird for the mint phone/ midnight for the midnight phone) that would still be minimal, but add a nice touch. really any engraving like that. original sim tray, engraving in the color of the phone. probably be easier to manufacture too.
@stefan, thanks! good idea with the color picker...it doesn't bother me in the slightest (i'm still undecided as to which color i prefer the most, mint or midnight) but it would be interesting to find out.
@simon thats what i thought at first till i went in with a color picker! from the images, indeed it seems as it is light blue on the midnight version, and more of a mint shade on the mint version. don't know if its a big difference in reality. will need @nextbit to confirm, wouldn't really mind to be honest!
@stefan, great job on the engraving! the alpha symbol is exactly how i pictured it when i suggested it :o) i like the robin too! also, you mentioned how the mint color looks different on the midnight phone...technically, they could be the same color...the reason they look different is because the surrounding color of the phone makes it look different...some color theory :o) or i could be completely wrong @nexbit
@rl agreed
i've watched the interview. 5 months of wait seems so far with the growing excitement. mint still looked cool after the video.
@colin the mind midnight isn't even a thing yet, it's just something that's been discussed around here :) @stefan awesome job, thanks!
@abe chung, your wish has been granted: http://imgur.com/a/przlx
@lars i misunderstood, i thought the suggestion for the mint midnight for ks backers was instead of the special sim tray.
@colin that's what the special sim trays are for ;)
the mint midnight option would be interesting, but for people like me who prefer still the midnight, we need a way to distinguish our phones as early adopters too.
@robert, the hardware is not changeable now, so battery capacity is fixed.nextbit can only improve the software optimization right now.otherwise the deliver date is compromised.
i got it guys. if someone can make a rendering, i think it'll be awesome: first 1st edition phones, the logo for 1st edition on the pokémon cards would be dope. the alpha greek symbol orrr...an engraving of a bird (robin) to signify difference from the other retail devices. i'm okay with any of the three.
i just watched the complete interview that was posted here. it's really interesting to see how they go about designing a phone, how choices and sometimes compromises are made etc. good stuff!
@nextbit, i have backed you, but just wanna ask if it is possible to increase the battery capacity? 2680mah may be just marginally enough for a day's work. it would be a great news if the battery capacity can be increased because all other aspects are just fantastic. thank you.
would this work with straight talks's byod?
i think the option of the midnight with mint is a great idea because nb will already have those parts.  for the ks backers that would be an awesome option.
may be make the top and bottom changeable, so we can change by myself.
i prefer two base model (mint and the midnight) with one model (mint cross midnight) exclusive for ks project that should not spend more production time.
@lars +1
@nextbit. not sure this has been asked before, i don't think so. with regards to the fingerprint button, i'm guessing it does not act like a home button. so the phone itself does not have any capacitive buttons at all right? all buttons are software buttons on screen?
@stefan i totally agree, while all these photoshops people made with different colours look great, the two base models made by nextbit look at least as nice. also, as mentioned before, all these different colour schemes would probably take away time from nextbit that they can spend in other areas, which just isn't worth it.
@anna, great to have done uk company! you could always combine it with a trip to london and a night at the theatre! ?
well me for one will be using the normal sim tray, reasons being the color difference and also shape difference to the power button. i'll use the special sim tray when i come to sell the device.
@lars, think its quite nice as well, which now makes me not want any color changes at all! keep it just as nextbit intended it to
@stefan yeah i noticed it too, it doesn't look like it's exactly the same colour, which is a good thing for me because i think it looks even better that way
@colin uk here,+1 for uk tour... not that i'll make it from wales :) can't wait to hold the robin though - i trust in awesome experience of the nextbit team to create something special and visionary. oh and +1 for the alpha engraving for the early backers @creator
that is true indeed. but is it just me or is the power button on the midnight version more bluish than mint?
@stefan, someone mentioned a good point. if the sim tray was mint as well as the power button, you would lose a bit if symmetry, since the sizes are different.
@colin, yeah think its too thin and also i believe standard machines wont be able to do such fine work :/ great idea though!
mint sim tray for the midnight version would be sweet!
@stefan, great image. looking at that now, seems like there won't be room for the cloud image with the alpha inside it.
@anita good spot. since they provide the sim tray as an extra, then that solves my issues with it.
phoenix sounds a bit aggressive to me? dont know ha! think they went with robin, as its playful which matches their phone style etc.
just watched the interview by technobuffalo, seems like mike chan was addicted to angry birds at a certain point in time, i'm sure he wouldn't mind a bird themed series.
@rik kudos for the phoenix name. i like it. +1 from me. more badass than robin, like robin with attitude. could start a bird themed series, like how desserts for android.
@stefan looking good for starters. i'm sure there will be plenty more great ideas, but this is already looking good.
i think an alpha "α" would look sweet and subtle on the sim trays, heres a little preview ha! http://i.imgur.com/e1kydtm.png
@jeremy belgian here, nothing to do about it, in the evening though people from the americas are getting up, so that's the ideal time for us i think :) i also believe that when we get our forums we will be able to have discussions much easier.
@lars yes i'm french and i agree always frustrating to see that there has been a talking but you were sleeping or out lol
@jeremy true, i'm in the same boat. you're french i presume? it's nice reading the comments but it kind of sucks that you can't participate in the discussion as it's happening since you're asleep...
ah cool. thank @anita. because i'm not on the same time zone it's always difficult to catch up :)
@anita good catch, anita! i guess that solves it for people who are not too fond of the special sim trays :) also, i love logging on in the morning and seeing more and more people are backing this awesome project!
@lars lol we'll see. it's too early for most of the bakers right now :). we're talking only between european :).
@ all being concerned about the special sim trays : nextbit responded in the comments of the last update that the standard sim trays are also included.
@jeremy well yeah it was just something other people suggested and i quite like it :) i'm all for subtlety, so something small like '1st edition' or the alpha sign or whatever else you guys can think of work for me, as long as it doesn't stand out. perhaps some more creative people than myself can create something cool with '1st edition'?
if push comes to shove, and i'd have to decide on the outside engraving, then i'd opt for the more minimal cloud logo. perhaps very early backers get the alpha symbol inside the logo too.
just curious, how many uk backers are there? anyone want to +1 for nextbit to stop in uk for the nextbit tour? !
@colin that's a good idea and i don't think that's it difficult for them to do that. so people can choose. @lars good idea but i'm still divided between your idea and something written down (like 1st edition) :)
@jeremy @colin good point, although i wouldn't mind some small engraving to indicate we were some of the first backers, i don't want it to be too big, and i can imagine some people just don't want it at all. in the end though, it's difficult to please everyone, but i'm all for being able to make some choices with regards to costumisation.
@jeremy totally understand where you are coming from. like i said, if we do have a custom sim tray, then it would be good if nextbit gives us the normal one too, so we have the choice to use it or not.
i understand everyone of us having our own personal engraving would be too much work, but something small like the alpha sign that was mentioned earlier would certainly add a nice touch without messing with the overall sleekness of the phone too much in my opinion.
@nextbit. perhaps this was lost in the comments a while back. i requested if the camera app could always show a shutter button along with a video record button. many of us like to be able to take a photo it a video without having to switch modes through a menu. also, having the ability to take photos during video record is mega useful for me. and something i've gotten quick used to being able to do. thanks
@colin i understand your concern but engraving in the inside is not useful for me (i'll look very few at the inside on the phone). i think that a customized phone with engraving is something very cool and makes you feel you have a unique phone. besides, i don't think that it is slowing them down : as they say, they are just seeing if it's possible and if it will not slow down the process or prevent them to optimize the robin. anyway, i'm totally supporting the engraving on the sim tray or even on the back like motorola does :)
if in the end we stick with the special sim tray, could @nextbit just put it in the box separately? i'd like to have the choice to use the normal one too, in case the special sim tray is too bling for me. that way, you don't need to faff around with the unit post manufacturing, just put the extra sim into the box.
hell i'd be happy actually to forego the special sim tray and just have a special t shirt that said early backer on it! that would take away the logistics issue for nextbit in having to process the sim tray post manufacturing. i'd rather nextbit concentrate on getting the stuff that actually matters right. such at the speed of the fingerprint sensor unlocking, and the camera quality, plus battery optimisation.
regarding the special sim tray, i'm kinda in two minds about it right now ? on the one hand, i understand the reasoning. we all want a phone that shows it's different because we are early backers at a glance. however, i don't want it to detract from the sleek robin design language, and there is a concern that it ends up looking a little tacky.so really what i'm saying is i prefer the engraving (if possible) is done on the inside, and that outside we have a mint (single tone not metallic finish) color. actually, even if the engraving is not done i'm happy. the color cover is enough to distinguish that you are a backer. perhaps sub 1000 backers get a different shade or color.
"first edition" or "1st edition" (it looks better with a number :)) "baker's collector" or "baker's edition"
@nextbit about the engraving, it depends on the space you have to write down something. something like "first edition" would be nice. or "special edition" or "baker's collector" :). @others : what do you think?
i would go to one in phoenix. ;)
:)  . about parties: i hope you guys know brussels is the capital of europe. paris already had the oneplus, you shouldn't do that, think reboot :p
@rik, i did, but was too lazy to scroll to your name, so said "someone," than realized how sad that was, so i did (scroll down) and posted to give you credit.  in a comment about the next phone by nextbit.
was out all day yesterday and can't seem to read the older comments. @dennis, did someone comment on the "phoenix" name?
wa
i want to ask if the speakers are loud enough as they appear to be somewhat small.     also i do not want the shipping to be delayed for latest android as it could be updated anytime.
yes wonder dac chip inside can decode digital to 24bit thru headphone jack like lg g2 or some newly released phones. i knew aptx decode 16 bit flac cd quality but i didn.t know that it can also decode 24bit... can you tell me more about this?
hey nextbit team! just so excited for this device...february can't come soon enough! couple of things i thought about regarding the ui as it relates to the app drawer: - do apps in the drawer also get shadowed when they are backed up? - for me, i'm a fan of minimalism. i don't have apps on my homescreen. in the app drawer, would there be a way to hide "shadowed" apps (if in case they are shadowed when backed up)? for instance, could the app drawer function to slim down and show only apps you're consistently using? thanks so much for being game changers, k
@creator as we are closing on on 1m.. i wanted to know the quick charger that you guys would include in the box will it have flat pins for all regions.. or will it be region specific,  as in india our charger pins are round and not flat.. pls let me know
the logo could be the back notification light and glow. i love the mint color. just those two colors together separates the phone from any other phone i've seen.
@nextbit, just an idea maybe for your next phone! what about an illuminated  logo (just the outline) on the back of the device when the screen is on?
i'm leaning more and more toward mint!  purely to make people that see it in my grubby paw to be curious. any chance of a chocolate/mint rendition? ;)
busted 2500 backers and $950k pledged. wahoo!  git'r'dun nexbit!
i sure am glad the nextbit team is working on getting band 12 volte certified by t-mobile before release.  it's still unknown if op will or not for the already released op2.  thank you nextbit.  anyone know if motorola will for pure x 2015?  it's going to be a mess for those saying they are supporting band 12 on their oem's but can't or won't go through the t-mobile certification process.  fortunately for me band 4 is still active in my area and hope it will be for the foreseeable future.  verizon would be my next option. which nextbit is also pursuing during campaign.
@jeremy, i think that would look cool too :o)
at $951,927 already, almost at $1 million :)
@joel @simon @abe @nextbit the ideal engraving for me (it's not wholly necessary, just cool) would definitely be the cloud symbol with the alpha (α) symbol within it.
yes! the pledges have grown a lot over the last few hours. i swear i just saw $936,000 a while ago.
@simon @abe +1 to an alpha symbol. preferably on the inside of the tray for me.
if there is any engraving, i don't want it to potentially detract from the sleek, clean look of the robin. @abe chung, i like the idea of alpha, but just make it the symbol "a" ...it may look cleaner
i agree with joel..any potential engraving (if done) should be inside the sim tray
the engraving doesn't necessarily need to be readily view-able. it can always be on the internal part of the sim card (somewhere). i, personally, like a uniform look overall for the outside, but something unique like i am describing would be appreciated. i don't think something subtle for the initial backers has to be corny at all.
backers for the engraving is corny. i'm not sure  how you're separating the special and very special...but if you're going to engrave the very early backers, you could engrave something like alpha. something to signify the early adopters.
i wonder if we can have some built in management tools such that we can lock certain applications in the ram and also select application to stop them from polling. all with root access. would be lovely!
@jordan collins agree.
i'm not a fan of engraving. it doesn't add anything to the phone functionally or aesthetically and most of the time it will devalue the item. for the amount of hassle and planning it requires, i don't think it's worth the effort. spend that extra time working on accessories i say!  :)
credit for phoenix goes to @rik brouwers 2 days ago.
@nextbit for custom engraving how about the word "reboot"?
@ nextbit can the fingerprint scanner be use for anything other than unlocking the phone? like using the fingerprint scanner to access apps like mail, messenger...
@dennis: i think wireless charging and quick charging are somewhat separate animals as it currently stands. i say this just because i have multiple qi chargers in and around the house and work and love the convenience of throwing my device on a qi charger. quick charging requires a specific wall brick that i'd have to purchase! i think for the sake of a couple of mm and a slight bump in cost would have been acceptable in my eyes. an additional couple of mm on top of that for a 3000mah+ battery is also acceptable, in my opinion. with that said, i'm sure nextbit did their market research as to their general target pool of smartphone users.
i have a question i just noticed i have like 50 gig of music on my g4 i gave some of it on the 32 gig rom that the g4 has and the rest of it on the 32 gig sd card how will this work with the robin?
video @technobuffalo was great and the transparency is a key component as to my backing nextbit.  overall specs are very good imo, fast charging somewhat negates a need for wireless (and really doesn't do much for me anyway), the removable battery is not an issue if i get a day out of it.  just hope if my robin somehow outlasts battery recharges, it isn't difficult to change.  but, i'll likely be on phoenix (scroll down to find who created that name) then. ;)  onward and upward to first stretch goal
the video interview with technobuffalo is really very good. thank you for sharing @jordan. i do disagree with the choice not to include wireless charging and removable battery/bigger battery at the sacrifice of device thickness, but i really appreciate the transparency in your answer. finally, it's great that the fingerprint sensor got built into the power button (similar to the new sony z5 devices). please remember this when it comes to case design. thanks again @nextbit for your transparency. and thank you, tom, for acknowledging that your users (i.e. real users, not carriers) are the primary focus of this device. with such a policy and way of thinking, it is impossible for you guys to fail.
glad you all caught the technobuffalo video, and that you felt it was so informative.
to everyone asking if the sim tray can be engraved with your name or backer number, we already looked into it. we agree it would be extremely cool, but the challenges (custom engraving plastic, making sure everyone gets the right name or backer number, etc) seem too overwhelming for a company our size to do right. we are still looking into engraving trays, but they wouldn't be customized. a commenter here had suggested the word "backer". maybe there's a another word you all like better?
to all the commenters whose name begins with s: @stefan the mint and midnight colorways are locked down. we promise we are not going to switch them on you. our designer peter just got back from taiwan where he was at the factory picking the exact right shade for both. @satish adding additional custom apps to robin would be the opposite of our no bloatware policy.  especially since there are many great file manager apps in the play store. @sergio after we launch robin, we will use your feedback to help decide what common problem android phones run into that we could focus on next. battery life is definitely on our list, and i've shared this article with the team. thank you! @simon yes we have a higher protection injected rubber case in the works as well @shane if another early backer switches out, grab it. we will offer all backers the opportunity to add the sheep mascot to their order. it will be difficult for us to switch out the case for something else.
saw the video/interview and it does help answer a lot of questions. looking forward to seeing everything come together (i.e. software and hardware together) and more videos along the way! thanks for answering our questions..
just watched that video. thanks for the post @jordan! to anyone else, bit long but trust me and stick with it as it's the best bit of nextbit news i've come across. @nextbit, loved that tit bit about the finger print sensor placement, and the fact the robin will be one of the first phones to have it on the side. any chance of a video that shows it in action?
sounds like we need to get some deeper answers about music listening: @didodido know that we support 24-bit audio over aptx. are you asking if we use 24bit decoding through the headphone jack as well? @norman there are a few standards based on major phone brands. we will find out which we're compatible with.
this was a really good watch: http://www.technobuffalo.com/videos/nextbit-robin-interview/ an honest, down to earth interview which answered a lot of my questions. good job nb.
@nextbit, thank you for your feedback... it helps us too ;) i love all of the unique qualities that you are bringing to robin... the cases are looking very interesting. i like to have a minimal case on my phones, (sometimes i go naked or a thin bumper) ... are there any bumper cases in the works?
@shane gotta thank you for sticking with the mascot, money concerns made backing iffy but that $299 was too good to pass up.
i almost switched my pledge to the early 299 pledge when there was one open. but i really wanted the mascot so i kept my true rebel pledge. @nextbit since i don't use cases would there be a way to get a t-shirt or some other accessory with my true rebel pledge?
@jeremy congratulations dude! welcome to the comments board!
oh holy crap, i got in on the 1000. whoever dropped it, i hope you're still backing and thank you kindly.
@colin yeah, i assumed they did; i just couldn't find it. thank you!!
@jay nextbit already answered this from long time ago... we will have two versions of our launcher - a “classic” version and a “simple” launcher. the simple version, which you noticed in the video focuses on just applications and the search widget. the “classic” launcher will resemble the stock android launcher with an app drawer, widgets, etc.
will there be a traditional android app drawer? if not, will there be a nexbit flavor of app drawer, or will it be the ios style? thanks!
anybody interested in a factory installed tempered glass screen protector, if possible in the release window?
+1 on the backer number if its possible to pull such info from kickstarter!
@nextbit regarding the sim tray engraving, my vote would be +1 for the backer number to indicate how early an adopter you are. this would be awesome! less like the idea of your name in case we sell it down the line. plus the guy with 0001 engraving would make a mint one day!
i have a question regarding the launcher that you guys include with the phone. is there an option for icon packs? if so, can you individually select icons for each app? one thing about using cm12.1 that really bugs me is that, although there is icon pack support, i cannot select which icon i would like to use for each app like i used to be able to do with nova launcher. it would be awesome to hear that your guys' launcher allows that!
i'm very anxious to hear the news about verizon, mainly because every verizon phone is like an all-you-can-eat bloatware buffet. it's awesome to hear that if this works with verizon, there will be zero bloatware included!
@nextbit one of the biggest issues i currently have with my phone is battery life. is battery life being addressed with robin? please read this article. it is about a new way to save battery life. would you be able to incorporate that in the robin? hhttp://www.engadget.com/2015/09/11/hush-phone-power-tool/ttp://www.engadget.com/2015/09/11/hush-phone-power-tool/
@creator.... since you are creating a minor overlay to android to support cloud, can you also build in a custom file manager to manage files on the device and the cloud? this would help to review and delete items from the cloud without having to download them back to device... is it possible?
for colors, i really like the idea of white or black with maroon accents at the top and bottom. i wish i could design to do it myself haha.
@nexbit: here are some rom development suggestions too. i know you probably don't want to stray too far from stock but i'd appreciate the following: 1) ability to change battery icon to % - i think this may be a in the upcoming marshmallow release but if the phone releases with lollipop, could you add that in? 2) long press on the power button to bring up expanded menu to allow for restart and maybe a screenshot. 3) a dark theme mode 4) ability to control the notification led to allow it to switch off when phone in silent mode (i.e. so it doesn't flash at night when in silent priority mode) 4) already mentioned before, but can you consider adding double tap to wake and wake from fingerprint sensor.
@nextbit: as others have mentioned, i like the idea of having some sort of engraving on the very special sim tray (in addition to the different colours). either a unique number or, as @jérémy suggested, the backer's name.
@creator can you host some sort of a poll on ur facebook/kickstarter page to see which out  of the two (mint, midnight)  colours is more popular.. may be u cn  produce the favoured colour more that way..
@mugesh good question! would like to know that myself.
@mugesh 5.2" 1920x1080 equals 423 ppi.
@nextbit robin  it's having a fhd display but  what is the pixel density...
some people asked foor 24bit/192khz flac/wav streaming, and i see that the answer from creator was yes it support flac by software.... as far as i know android phone that support flac does not always streaming 24bit/192khz...yes it does play but audio output is 16bit/44khz.. creator please verify that robin support 24bit/192khz by hardware.
@nextbit u guys are awesome in responding us that's we appreciate a lot..  please keep up the good work,  we the first 1000 backers give us something special..  hope u guys will make us amazed
@nextbit, there is no chance you're gonna change the 2 core color schemes at the moment right? just sticking with mint/white and midnight? hope so!
@nextbit this comes from the faq on shure (headphones) website: an "android phone" is like saying that one has "a windows computer" — it's a software standard, but the hardware can vary. different brands of android phones require different switch schemes for volume control, track selection, initiate call, end call, etc.  as an example, a volume up/down button that works with an htc model might not work with a samsung model, or the samsung might not support remote volume control. it simply is not economically feasible for shure to test every new android phone or to offer a unique earphone for each android phone model. how will we be able to know what earbuds and controls are compatible with robin? will it require trial and error or is there data that can be used to identify if a potential earbud will work?
@giacomo cetorelli we’re still working on verizon, but we’ll have an update soon. @simon nortman these aren’t completely finalized yet, feedback helps us :) @mansour  we will support localization in a number of languages when robin ships, including many of the ones android supports. @jérémy benaiche great idea, sounds like a lot of fun! there will be a distinction between the very special and special sim trays, stay tuned. thanks everyone for your suggestions on cases, sim trays, colors, and accessories! we’re always listening and we appreciate the feedback. hope some of you get to play with a 3d printed robin while you wait ;)
@ nextbit.... my choice of accessory would be a dock be it car or desk... a dock is an accessory that i find the most useful...
@kevin i agree with you! robin is a nice looking phone which is why i would like to have a transparent case. i'd love to keep naked but with the kids and my lifestyle a case and screen protector are a must since i do not want to see it scratched and i plan for keeping it a few years.
@creator are there plans for robin sized exercise armbands? or is there another android model we'll be able to reference for such accessories?
@benoit i agree that for now the development is more important and i believe nextbit thinks so too. we're merely making suggestions for the future. i'm happy with the mint/white and midnight colors. but maybe the parts wich make up the exterior might be swapped around to make the robin i would choose if i could. mint/midnight. i prefer not to have a case for the robin because he/she looks too good to hide behind a case.
@jung wong, +1 for the earphone opening. i had this problem with a spigen case for my n5 and it was quite irritating!
@nextbit can the robin be used in hong kong and china? i will need it to work on the 4g lte bands in china.
@nextbit since many wonders if the leds will be visible with an opaque case, what about making an opening or a window as lifeproof are doing for the apple logo with their cases? just an idea for those who don't want a clear case!
+1 for clear casing.
@nextbit for the cases, please make sure that the 3.5mm headphone jack opening is large enough to accommodate headphones that have a thicker plug. thanks and i look forward to seeing the final designs!
@benoit, exactly. i really think, as from pictures, that the midnight version looks the most premium one (so does the mint/white one, but not something i would pick up myself). messing around with all these colors will indeed make it look cheap and too overwhelming. and as far as your statement on cases, fully agree on that too.
as somebody already said (too lazy to scroll down :p), i love the two "base" colours of the robin, mint and midnight. i would prefer that @nextbit focus on the development process instead of trying to make too many colours variant. which would also create an iphone 6c effect and make it look cheap. by far i would prefer to see colourful cases, so if i want different colours, i'll be able to switch as i like. but as for now, for me it will be midnight with (i hope) a clear case.
i love the mint color but if the phone was full mint not white on back that would be cool. i see you guy are designing cases for the phone too. it would be cool to throw one in for the early birds that gave money early! a mint case to match the mint phone
i was thinking a colour like this would be cool (very rough image) http://i.imgur.com/ydec3v4.jpg
@nextbit.....some color options...pink for my wife...;o)  http://imgur.com/a/jxh8l another question about the led on the bottom, can you let it flash? when miss a call than for example should it flash fast and for a massage slow. on my nexus 5 i have different led colors and i know you could'nt change to color led but if you can make it flash it would be really nice (see app --> light flow)
some people asked foor 24bit/192khz flac/wav streaming, and i see that the answer from creator was yes it support flac by software.... as far as i know android phone that support flac does not always streaming 24bit/192khz...yes it does play but audio output is 16bit/44khz.. creator please verify that robin support 24bit/192khz by hardware.
@kevindeboeck i think everyone is a bit worried about the camera :). but, with good work on the software part, it should be ok in low light (the hardware part of the camera seems decent)
a question i posted on the update page, but i assume it will be easier to answer here, no need to answer it twice of course. will we be able to choose which colour sim tray we get or will it be the default same for every model? i'm just not too keen on a rainbowish sim tray (the left one) on my midnight robin... i realise it might be too early to answer this seeing how you haven't made any final decisions yet.
@jordan great work. the mint design of the robin works well with a lot of color combinations. you've only scratched the surface of what's possible. @nextbit you've created something special and i really feel this is the beginning of something great. still a bit worried about the camera but the design is really unique. personally i would love to have a mint/midnight combo. please make it happen...
a little bit like motorola does to have a real personalized phone :).
@nextbit are you going to make a big party in paris :)? there are so beautiful places here where you could introduce the robin (don't forget to invite me lol). one question : for the 1000 early backers, will we have (apart from the sim tray), a customization ? (like our name on it, something that show that we were the firsts to back up)
@colin that is 100% true. but to be honest if the sim tray would just be a simple mint color, that would be awesome too. would blend in if the rest were accented. if its a shiny gradient as they've shown, it would certainly become a too much.
*i meant with the sim trays inserted*
@nextbit can you post an image of the phones with the special sim trays? both color variants and also both sim variants too. that would give us a better idea of the effect.
regarding the mint accents on the midnight. might now be too much as the sim tray is also accented. perhaps the volume keys don't need to be accented too now.
please, please tell me you're going to make tablet too! pretty please.
+1 for the mint sim tray
i thought the sim tray would have an engraving on it? @nextbit
+1 for clear gel case!
the color renders were fab. great work! i'm still a midnight fan with mint on power and volume buttons though.
@jordan awesome job man! the black/midnight version looks pretty good! as does the black one with orange accents, looking good!
has anyone tried 3d printing robin? i admit that i am extremely tempted...
@stefan agree with you, prefer a more subtle midnight version (only the power button, volume controls and or logo being mint). vibrant colours can be added with the case.
hi what language support ??
not too sure about the midnight version having the top & bottom in mint. think that kind of contrast would be a bit too overwhelming. personally i think they should be darker than the rest of the phone. would prefer a simple, one colored midnight version with just the power button/volume controls/logo being in mint. about the cases, have you guys @nextbit tried a silicone one? also, the sim trays look pretty neat! would take the mint one over the purple one though!
plain colours only?  if not marble pattern!!! (or maybe a marble pattern case) or a blue tone dark purple ;d
i wud prefer the mint one.. looks unique..
nice update and nice case!!! just wonder about how can we see the 4 leds when we have the case? the white with holes version is not that cool haha....
@nextbit, have you decided on what parts of the phone are metal and what parts are plastic? looks like a phone ahead of its time with usb c and fingerprint reader on the power button fueled by quick charge! hoping to reach $1m :)
@nextbit...are the metal fade sim trays the special sim trays or the very special sim trays?
finally the suspense over the sim tray is out. the cases look decent enough
i agree with @maurice grant . i would definitely want a clear case.
really love the black & white aka panda render that was shown down below. that right there is my dream phone.
i like the minimalist design of the slim cases. particularly like the case with the hole setup (is there visibility for the cloud leds on the back of the device) . please make sure there is plenty of leeway for the power button. it looked like it was an effort getting your thumb in there to power on the device (+1 double tap to wake?)
@jordan awesome renders. the midnight mint is pretty cool, but the more i look at the color scheme, i'm still set on midnight with mint button accents. thanks for working on them!
the mint/midnight combo is the best, very pleasing
@nextbit as for the acent colors on the sim tray, i prefer the mint fade, over the other one. especially on the midnight version. also, any other news on verizon compatibility?
@jordan collins nice work on the black/orange and @nextbit we might have a winner.
clear cases would be preferred, since we have the sensor on the back.
@jordan collins,  thanks for that link!! i like the mint/ midnight combo best
@jordan collins - thanks! i love them. i think the mint chocolate, the black/blue, and the black/orange/blue are my faves.
wait, what sets the special and very special apart? hahaha extra trrrrrippy?
i like the mint fade better too, i also like the minimalist look to the cases, but a clear version would be nice to keep the nice look of the phone.
very nice update! the sim trays are super unique! i prefer the mint fade one :)
new update with case pics!!!
@jordan, i agree with shane mobbs... chocolate mint looks fantastic!
@jordan that chocolate/mint is soooo awesome!
oops... the link! http://imgur.com/a/99a0u
actually... not tired enough yet. i created an album @d'don i threw the chocolate mint in there as well as a few of my own designs with my current home page setup - just for kicks.
@shane - well, it says iphone 6 not plus, and that wouldn't work anyway either.  6+ would look bigger compared to the robin.  i think the sizes are just off.
@d'don i'll do a few more tomorrow. catching them z's now.
@robert. i was thinking it looked more like a comparison between the plus and the robin.
@jordan - thanks.  that first one (blue and mint) is so bad ass.
those renderings are way off on size.  the robin is taller and wider than the ip6s but definitely doesn't look like it in these pictures.
@jordan collins - i love it i think the last one is my favorite. can you do a brown and mint one?
@jordan midnight/mint looks dope.
@jordan that midnight/mint combo looks nice. thanks! @david midnight with orange buttons sounds like it would look nice. @colin thanks. that martin guy has been doing renders of iproducts for years. it's a good comparison for size sakes.
my bad. it is renderings. good job he's done however. http://www.martinhajek.com/iphone-6s-vs-nextbit-robin/
@jordan. nice skills dude. i'm digging the mint midnight combination. although i'm sticking with the current nextbit midnight if i had to choose.
interesting article comparing the iphone 6s to the robin. not sure if these are real or photoshop. looks pretty real to me. but how did they get these two phones next to each other so soon? they have both the midnight and the mint too! although it could be the 6, as you really can't tell it between the 6s. notice the midnight robin has a black power button, not mint. perhaps it is an earlier prototype? http://mac.softpedia.com/blog/iphone-6s-compared-to-nextbit-s-cloud-enabled-robin-gallery-491502.shtml
guys, i made a quick model and played around with colours, including the midnight and mint variant everyone is asking for: http://imgur.com/yttexic,izg6gty,gpdc05u#0 http://imgur.com/yttexic,izg6gty,gpdc05u#1 http://imgur.com/yttexic,izg6gty,gpdc05u#2 i tried crazier colours but it gets a little tacky. i'll keep playing.
@rahul lakshmanan thanks for your question! shipping will need to be added on top of the $399 retail price as well.
@nextbit , your mascot comes in two variants, mint and grape. should there not a grape variant of the robin then? p.s purple/grape would be high on my desired list anyway!
like orange volume buttons, orange cloud outline or even orange led's while syncing.
@nextbit since you are headquartered in the land of the great sf giants how about a midnight version with orange accents?
i really like the white, but i wonder if it will stay white if it gets in contact with say...soy sauce or jam!? i too like my phones without a case, but i don't want it to look shabby within a short time either.
@don b. - agreed. that's why there should be one that's black and mint. kickstarter's color is green (mint) and most kickstarter themed pledges are black/green. that wouldn't be too far fetched. black is a plain color, it's neutral, and it's not too far into the color spectrum that it'd be too off the wall for potential buyers. plus, that would be a pretty cool and sleek robin, that would be the perfect mesh of casual, sleek, and suave, with a splash of bold and eye-catching (the mint).
i really like the mint/chocolate combo. kinda goes with some of the material design wallpaper i've seen.
it will be nice seeing the midnight version with the volume buttons mint. any more mint will be too much.
kinda like chocolate and mint, too.
@abe thanks for that. i did notice this last time but only just looked at it in detail. you are right it is very useful. just saw the upper projection was just over $1.4m me thinks if nextbit do the next stretch goal for $1.5m, then it better be a good one otherwise we'll not be reaching it!
anyone for an orange and green or orange and purple?  that would make a statement!
@chris i too found out about nexbit on op forum.  i've tried to subtlety push it my self there since. ;)
someone posted this site a while ago, but it's pretty dang useful @colin. https://www.kicktraq.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/#chart-daily
@rhiney i just got my op2 and posted that phone on swappa. hahaha.
guess one lesson nextbit should take from op is to always under promise but then over deliver.
ya oneplus really fell apart... again, props for helping to start a movement, and i guess they did lead me to finding nextbit.
android pay is rolling out today in the us. it's great that nextbit is in prime position to utilise this technology with the fingerprint sensor and nfc. looking at you oneplus!
i received my op2 yesterday. opened it and turned in on a few hours ago. the software is not ready for primetime, i don't think.
is it just me, or does it feel like the last hundred thousand dollars is taking ages!
i'm happy enough with the current midnight color scheme. if the volume buttons were also mint then that's fine too. let's not rock the boat too much as i'd rather nextbit concentrate on improving the internals at the moment.
@rhiney @lars kind of like drand skins. they make some pretty nice high quality vinyl skins for your phone. i use one on my oneplus one case (mahogany wood).
personally i like the mint\white and white color and will be sticking with that.@lars i was thinking more like slick wraps. can easily be installed and removed.
i think, if you read the article, the company execs. have a very specific plans in mind on reaching their their fiscal goals. if i'm being objective, customization increases expenses. i think the colors they have are unique, and in future iterations, having more customization would be very plausible. #teamnightwing #hinthint #itmeansmidnightwithmintbuttons
what about a kickstarter color scheme for backers?
@dennis nice find and read, gives us some insight in their future plans and goals. it also shows once more how much they value our opinions.
@stefan mansson my thoughts exactly, if people want a bright rainbow phone, that's their taste, but i like it simple and clean, which is what scott croyle and his team went for i think with the midnight version. the mint is a lot brighter and flashier, yet it still has that tight and tidy look to it in my eyes.
good read: http://www.fiercewireless.com/story/smartphone-startup-nextbit-raises-1m-10-days-kickstarter-plans-sales-expans/2015-09-11 recommended.
@abe chung agreed! too many colors will make it look too overwhelming for people who just want a simple, subtle yet classy look. midnight with mint accents would be a 10/10 stretch goal! @vincent vecchio hehe yeah! however i don't see it being considered for maybe the next year or two!
@stefan mansson i second the notion for some form of bamboo design! even if it's just the top/bottom ends of the phone!
@chris :) minimalistic, which matches the robin's bauhaus style form follows function. clean. simple. nextbit robin aka nightwing. aka arkham knight.
@abe  you have won me over, i am now very much digging the midnight with slight mint accents
@rhiney you mean something like the moto maker?
@rhiney maceachern yeah definitely agree. regarding these sprouts of massive color schemes, i'm just happy with my midnight with mint accents. too much flashy colors actually make the device seem cheaper...kind of like the iphone c models. which is a nono for me.
@creator i'm thinking some cool nfl-ish or mlb-like color schemes.  cubbie blue with metalic red highlights and buttons?
@creator. maybe u could form some sort of agreement with one of the companies that produce skins for phones. that way ppl can make there phone any color they want to
i'm probably sticking with the regular midnight, but it would certainly be cool to see more colour variants over time, i think the phone would appeal to more people in general then (not that it doesn't now, but you get my point).
all the colors of the rainbow in pastel. and combine them like the mint/white. purple and orange, pink and baby blue... full color with accents also possible... my favourite combination is the mint but midnight instead of white. if that's not possible,  the midnight with the mint accents. a special edition for the kickstarters would be nice. we already get a special sim tray but hey, we can ask...
@simon nortman thanks. i would really love that one. i love that flavor too, even tho i seem to be the odd one that's only interested in that flavor, lol
@d'don, i like the idea of mint chocolate...my favorite flavor of ice-cream :) it would look very nice.
@everyone @nextbit, yeah a special color scheme for early backers, a midnight version with mint accents (as everyone mentioned below) would be absolutely awesome, would make us unique as the first people who boarded the nextbit train!
@alhad naiksatam that too, but i almost thought they concisdered the midnight blue one to be mint since it has mint buttons. i would definitely want that one, or a mint chocolate (brown and mint), or black and mint.
@creator..once the campaign gets over the phone would be selling at $399..but will the shipping + vat be additional at that point of time?
@nextbit midnight mint color for backers. if you can make it work, the project will be very special to all backers who believed in your vision.
@nextbit mint chocolate! (brown and mint). that's an actual flavor, and that would actually fit well as the name, and it would be a bold color mix. have the accents to be mint (the front), the back could be completely brown, and, and the buttons could be mint. black and mint. that would be the perfect contrast. i would really want that one. that one could have the front to be mind, the biggest piece on the back to be black, and the tops and bottoms to be black. or the biggest piece on the back to be mint, the top and bottom pieces of the back to be black, and the front to be black, and the buttons to be mint. black and blue - that could've been the original midnight blue if you really think of it. midnight (black), blue (blue), lol. make the device. the blue could be a sapphire blue,and the black to be regular black. the front could be black, the biggest piece of the back could be blue, the tops and bottoms could be black, with the buttons as sapphire blue.
mint mix midnight blue exclusive for backers only :)
i'll take crazier color schemes. i like the look of the mint. maybe mix up some other lighter colors together. keep with "we're different theme" we want a different and unique phone including wild colors.
saw this article on android central. pretty positive outlook. i for one am hooked and an avid robin supporter. http://m.androidcentral.com/hands-nextbit-robin…
not a color scheme, but something like this? http://i.imgur.com/gdril8r.jpg bamboo nextbit!
@nexbit... it would be really cool to have some special edition colors of the robin...in fact, what if the body of the phone was the color of a robin's egg? robin blue with brown specks! then people would really ask, "that looks like a robin's egg" and you can respond, "duh, it's a robin" :o)
cool ideas everyone! what about some crazier color schemes?
@nextbit loving the phone can't wait for january. would it be possible for you guys to have three color versions of the the phone? midnight is cool,  i'm leaning on getting that one, so is the mint but if possible have an all white phone with a dash of mint like the midnight version. i think that would be awesome!
@nextbit that's my vote. nothing too fancy, just volume buttons and power button in mint. i think that'll like really classy!
@nextbit, i heard the midnight version looks nearly black in the day? does it look really stealthy and premium? hahah
@nextbit  so would a color scheme change as simple as @abe is suggesting be feasible for the first batch? just the home button and volume buttons, don't know if the logos on the back would be possible?
we love hearing all your thoughts on colors! keep the conversations going, we're listening ;)
@benoit fortier  keep posted we will have some announcement about the case very soon. @thomas you will receive a survey to select the color later down the road.
@jeffrey @abe that seems the perfect colour combo for me!
@nextbit come up with a review video of pre-prod unit. also, try to add the mint/midnight color combo which lot of people are interested in. #goalof1m
@chad kemp hahaha, nah, i don't mind if you're wearing it. you do you, booboo. for me, i can't wear it for the reasons mentioned below. @jeffrey cheng ...now that i saw that picture, i think just the volume buttons and home button will suffice. the cloud and logo in mint didn't do much for me...hahahahaha.
i like that idea too! http://postimg.org/image/q3cd1ikc1/ (i'm not the best at photoshopping..haha, but maybe the nextbit logo also in mint)
@abe chung well then... i don't think we would have gotten along at my senior prom then. :)
@abe the slight mint accents would look good too and would appease me, you would think that would be very easy for nextbit to pull off too, if it is just the volume buttons and the cloud outline
great now i need a midnight suit/mint top hat, pocket square and shoes... and cane
@chad kemp hahahahahaha, yes, i'd think you were trying too hard to be flashy. it's like having the tie, pocket square, solid mint socks, belt, and cufflinks all mint. too much....too much. hahaha.
@abe chung are you saying that if i were to show up wearing the same midnight suit, with mint pocket square, mint polka-dots on my socks, and added a mint top hat and mint shoes, you would look at me strangely? ;)
@chris oh yeah, that's too much mint. analogy, if i were to wear a midnight navy suit, i'd probably just want a mint pocket square and mint polka dots on socks...that's about it.
anticipating the development and release of robin; very excited! just a question, will robin support video output through usb-c to hdmi via cable adapter? or is this more of an android support thing.
*white is replaced by midnight
@abe my view of the midnight/mint was similar to your's, except the top/bottom bezels would be mint too.  just like the mint/white, except the white is replaced by mint.  midnight/baby blue would look good in that scheme too if mint is too much of a contrast.  similar to university of maine colors
my idea of midnight/mint will not be same as what seems to be the crowd desire of the white portion to be mint, rest midnight, or vice versa. my idea of midnight mint would be the whole phone is midnight, and the accents are in the mint color (only to accentuate the contrast of the dark and pastel colors). so the only mint colors on the phone will be the home button/fingerprint scanner, the volume buttons, and the cloud outline. to me, that's simple and clean. too much mint kind of looks very tacky on the midnight. i would rather just go mint and white if i wanted that much mint :)
@nextbit why not try a sample for mint/midnight combo? it will help to attract more pledges.
@thomas you will receive a survey at the end of the campaign from nextbit where you will be able to choose your colour along with your shipping address and accessories!
@thomas look at the comments below for answer. :) hahahaha
@thomas a survey will be sent out on october 1 when the campaign ends, you can choose a color and any accesories you may want to add then.
@thomas selection will happened around 20 days later. we have time to think about it.
@thomas  it will be at the end of the campaign in the questionnaire, along with shipping address, etc.
i don't recall selecting a color combination when i pledged...did i miss something?
@norman  yes there was talk earlier, but nextbit said they would consider it for a future special version, but not part of the initial production batches they are working on with this kickstarter... unless enough talk about it can change that ;)
@nextbit i do believe there was possible talk earlier about a midnight/mint combo. can you confirm?
@chap kemp the only reason why op2 had such a high resale value was because of the very limited supply of the product. if you see the swappa listings now, people are struggling to sell the phone under $500.. the prices are slowly reaching it's retail value.
@chris you are typing from @chris :)
@all in regards to my previous post... and reading how many people would be interested in midnight/mint colorway (which sounds delicious); if @nextbitsys decides to make that color combo available, i will be forced to make a kickstarter account for my sister and order another! *wink* *wink*
@abe  ya i have been planning on the midnight, but my gf really liked the mint too, so i made another account and backed again for both, actually don't know which account i am typing from right now ha
@everyonetornoncolor there is a simple solution :) create an account for your significant other, back the project again, then get one of each. use whichever one you fancy as a daily driver, then use the other as a development device (which is my intention) or sell it on a site like swappa. you will almost definitely make your money back after you have had a chance to see both in person. considering the op2 has sold for upwards of $600 (retail cost is $389). this phone is so much better, and will be far less common, so there is little doubt that you could recoup your money after you have had a chance to decide on which one to carry. as an added benefit, @nextbitsys gets another backer, and closer to the stretch goal! :)
@abe chung haha that's just lovely. seriously though, i'm with you on the cool and sleek look of the midnight version.
@yvonne @chris i'm telling you. the midnight with the lights that contrast it is gonna be a game changer. yes the mint is nice a flashy and looks nice, but the midnight is cool, sleek, and reminds me of batman. @nextbit, you guys did that on purpose. are you sure the midnight isn't code name for nightwing?
i do have a concern about the white too.  mainly because i like my phones like i like my women...naked.  sorry it's friday and i'm having a bad day, so please forgive my bad jokes. haha.  but seriously, i'll be getting the mint, unless a midnight/mint hybrid became available. then definitely that.
i'm getting mint. but i have concern on the white. midnight looks cool too. i'm torn.
@nextbit any news for the screen protector and case coming? also, will there be multiple cases options, like just a transparent shell or the like? i don't want to hide my beautiful robin under some rubber armor! :)
@ abe @norman definitely mint/midnight! i wouldnt think it would be too hard to do, would still be manufacturing the same part and colors, just putting them on the other device since the top/bottom bezels are different from the body.
@norman second. midnight/mind accents would be cluuuutch. but i dont thinkthink it's gonna be available.
@jeffery i'll probably go with mint, but mint being feminine is news to me. go with what you want, i'm never concerned by others' opinions of me anyway.
mint and a slate grey would be nice because you'd get a pop of color without the worry of smudging the white.
i'm actually hoping for a mint/midnight combo..there was an earlier post that this might be an option for early adopters.
@jeffery cheng - if you like mint go with the mint! pastels are fresh on guys. i'm getting mint. mint = fun. signed, human female
very flashy colours*
i'm going with midnight, it's more neutral which is what i like (yeah call me boring). i just don't like very colours, so to each his own i'd say.
@jeffrery i'm a guy, and i'm going mint. i'm not too concerned with it looking feminine. toy-like, maybe. the midnight being the safer color is the exact reason i'm going with mint!
@jeffrey cheng blue is one of my favorite colors so i'm definitely going for that. i do have to give it to the mint for being unique, but as you said, it kind of looks very toyish or feminine. it reminds me of an iphone case my female friend had....so i'm going with midnight. plus, the mint button on the mind with the led lights give the phone a better contrast.
question for you backers...mint or midnight for men? i like the mint's fresh/unique look but am scared it will look too toy-like or feminine. midnight seems to be the safer option, but just wanted to see what you forward-thinkers were thinking
@rogerm well you have 20 days before you can drop your pledge. you might as well wait for some more updates before your funding will be set. i suggest wait it out to see what @nextbit will do with the $1million+ backing.
i'm starting to think about dropping out myself if it doesn't work with version as i'm only saving $26 dollars between cost after it retail's as poor right now.  : 0(
@deniz there's a video about the robin that is quite interesting : http://phandroid.com/2015/09/04/nextbit-robin-hands-on-first-impressions-video/ i just found it. the guy gives his impressions on the phone and the robin really seems to be just awesome!!!!
we're losing them by the minute. common guys.
@abe chung glad to hear it! let's keep this awesome community growing!
i have a oneplus one and was set on the op2, but the robin is way more innovative, has better specs and a better design. 5.5 inches is just too wieldy.
@lars nope,  been this way from the getgo. just want to be an informed backer but was always iinterested in the phone!!!
@lars i don't worry, i think it's a good deal without the quick charger. i just find it strange.
@rik brouwers probably, i think part of what makes a kickstarter pledge attractive to some people is that you can back out of it if you change your mind. i wouldn't worry though, at this rate we'll get to 1 million soon enough!
i wonder why some people leave. invite from op2? impulse-buyers?
videos would be awesome! thanks nextbit! i'm so torn between mint and midnight!
@rik you got me.  it is neutral.  maybe you better ask for renumeration just in case. ;)
@abe chung had a change of heart? you're starting to sound like me ;) haha
dennis, nowhere. just launching a name ;)
@rik phoenix? curious, where did you get that?  thanx.
@darren hardware won't be changed anymore, that will be for phoenix.
hey guys, i read somewhere that wireless charging won't be included? i hope it could be with the next stretch goal! i think it's the only thing missing. apart from that, the camera would probably be the main feature everyone is asking about! i've been using both iphone and android, currently on an iphone 6+, reason, camera, it really is so much better then my previous note2. fast, responsive, lag-less, sharp, etc etc.. next to that, speakers! they have to be substantially loud... not like some other mobile phones which squeak like a mouse.. :) anyway, great stuff! proud to be a backer! looking forward to a successful kickass kickstarter project!
@nextbit.,  you guys are awesome in making this beauty, please give some features about the sound and the front camera,  eagerly waiting to get the updates every day,  it's became a habit now... please give us the beauty soon
@nextbit for the apt-x bluetooth headphone streaming, the widely reported issue about apt-x streaming with android phone is that when screen is on, everything is perfect, 24bit flac sound awesome however when screen is off(locked) the high resolution music start to lag or delay... this issue occurs to some phones that streaming high resolution music, however without using apt-x codec it sounds perfect whatever screen is on or off. so my favor is that can you please make sure robin does not do these issues? btw including music to clouding system like app, or photo will be fantastic! cuz i usually store lots of flacs into my phone that i barely listen..
@simon thanks for the info.
we hear you, more videos are coming! we know you love 'em
oh... the waits killing me....... nextbit.. we want our phones :)
can you guys bring robin to china? @creator
really looking forward to see how the case looks like.
@dennis, it says that today, backers invested about $16k. if we can continue that trend, we may hit a $1mil in just a frew days!!
over $925k, git'r'dun! i'm greedy, can see my stretch goal quick charger already.  thank you to all for getting onboard with a great concept and the unparalleled robin, the smarter smartphone.
@nextbit @ noorulabdeen ahmad more videos would be awesome to backers and seekers alike.  know you are all busy and time is precious.  but, we are actually salivating to see more of what robin is about.
@victor...i found it in this spec list that android central posted: http://www.androidcentral.com/nextbit-robin-specs…
@victor, i believe it will be a nano sim
is it a nano or micro sim card? thank you for your hard work and fast response time to our questions.
@nextbit when will more videos come out showing the user interface of the nextbit robin, like i want to see the lock screen in action, the app drawer, the things that we can see minimally in your promotional videos/images. i want to see more of the robin :)
@dennis i'm from the south, and i believe the correct spelling is git'r'dun. lol
@dennis haha, not all requests can be as easily granted as @vann geondeff's. we appreciate the offer, but the early versions we have are for testing and tuning. sorry!
@nextbit whatever your marketing team is doing is working. there has definitely been a surge in backers today after the slowdown.
@nextbit i will be glad to test an early prototype. ;)
@dennis then who will spread the word with such zeal?
$1m, get 'er done.  is it january yet?  i'm considering hibernating until the end of the first week.
just backed this project from the uk, so refreshing to see new ideas being developed by a great and extremely talented team! thrilled to have a seat on this ride, let's hit that $1m goal and see if nextbit have any goodies for us ;).
@rhiney just make an account with your girlfriend and make a pledge that way, it'll be cheaper that way plus you get to keep your early adopter pledge!
@rhiney, plus which, if you switch to the double pledge, you'll not get the mysterious and probably much coveted "very special" sim tray available to the early birds.
you ask a haiku, you get one... that's awesome, haha!
others were given shirts. i received a custom haiku. winner!
@shane i could but i'd loose my $299 pledge. i'm paying in cnd. as it is $299 usd is $400 cnd
@vann geondeff tom and scott and mike they made a smarter smartphone join the kickstarter ;)
@rhiney couldn't you just change your pledge to the double kickstarter special to get 2 phones?
i like the quick answers here. i can't resist asking this @creator will you write me a haiku?
just checking in seems like were gonna hit a million easy.
@nextbit ah okay, thanks. i was hoping it was all the buttons for contrast uniformity. thanks for the quick answer!
@rhiney maceachern kickstarter only lets you back once at your chosen pledge level. the best way to do this is to create an account for your girlfriend :) @syke phank @jordan collins we're excited about how close we are!!! hoping to make more announcements very soon! @abe chung only the power button/fingerprint sensor is mint on the midnight version. @vann geondeff here's the info on that! ~100mm long x 70mm tall x 65mm wide @azure yes, robin can be used a mobile hotspot. your normal carrier data usage rates and quotas will apply.
@azure, tethering is a built in function of android so robin will have this.
@abe chung, well side bezels are supposed to be thinner than the top/bottom bezels, so i'm not sure exactly what you are trying to say.
i don't know if this has been asked or not but does robin have any tethering functionality, like mobile hotspot?
@creator have you disclosed the dimensions of the stuffed sheep?
@daniel i think it looks the same. if you see in perspective to the android article, the side bezel is definitely thinner than the top/bottom bezels.
anyone notice how the bezel appears significantly larger in these hands-on images from android central:  http://www.androidcentral.com/hands-nextbit-robin vs.  https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/004/415/663/71c0ef61f5c2fc8fe4479111eae1cf30_original.png… maybe its an error of my perception, but in the live images it consistently is looking larger to me.
@nextbit on the midnight edition, will all the buttons be mint, or will it just be the power button?
...and also, more stretch goals the better. they knock people off the fence and it encourages people to share. news about cases and other accessories will also do a load of good.
@nextbit where's the next stretch goal? it's pretty safe to say we're going to clear the $1m goal.
so my girlfriend, after reading my post on g+ about the robin, has decided she wants in also. which is funny cause she always bitching about all the phones i buy.  @creator is there a way to bnack another robin without losing the early one i've already backed
@abe chung it is... but i wouldn't be surprised. the more coverage from places like android central the better. they may not cover the device properly but at least they point people here.
waited until the apple event before pledging. found the robin to be more interesting! :)
@jordan collins daaang, 2.8mill? that's ambitious.
the estimation from here was right for my other backed project: https://www.kicktraq.com/projects/nextbit/robin-the-smarter-smartphone/ 2.8mil... haha.
hopefully the android central article provides a little boost. i'm assuming nextbit is working to continue to get stories written about their creation.
@abe chung yeah, definitely. sorry, i'm just very excited at the moment... also, it's such a nice bonus to receive a quick charger with our robin!
@lars, oh yeah, there are definitely spikes in backings..with recent increases in backers. that's probably due to media/advertising exposure. i'm hoping we can reach it by my initial calculation at 9/15, but i highly doubt that. but if we can at least reach $10k/daily, we will definitely hit first stretch goal, which will be great for all of us.
@jung wong i see what you're saying, might not be a bad thing just to avoid any confusion.
@aaron, the answer is in the faq section under "what's included in the shipping cost?". the $38 already includes import fees/duties.
@abe chung i know, that's what i noticed as well, however, i think it's been speeding up a bit just recently, or is it just me?
didn't get an official response from nextbit last time so i'm just gonna repost the question again was wondering if the $38 shipping to canada includes any import fees/duties already? i'm assuming it doesn't, but i just wanna have myself better prepared in terms of how much i'm going to be paying extra at the door when it arrives.
@lars, you're right. we got the vision without needing anyone to tell us (since it was clearly written on the campaign page). i don't mean to say that nextbit is in the wrong, but perhaps nextbit can put more emphasis on this aspect just to make sure that writers don't miss it?
@lars, it's progression has been about $10,000/daily. so it's probably expected to see the first reached stretch goal around 9/18 or 9/19.
@jung wong i don't think nextbit is in the wrong here, i mean, it's not that hard to read the description, is it? it says so very clearly that robin will by default only back up when connected to wifi and a charger...
i just read the android central hands-on. what frustrates me is that most writers of these articles don't get nextbit's vision. they mention half of what robin does (backing up the phone and freeing up space) but left off how robin doesn't back up on-the-fly, thus limiting the data used. data only is used when you want to retrieve items that were removed due to a lack of space on the phone. most comments on these articles seem to focus on how this would consume too much data. perhaps nextbit needs to do a better job of communicating the message with its press kit?
@nextbit i hope you guys have the next stretch goal ready, because we're closing in fast, probably just a few more days before we reach 1 million!
@noorulabeen ahmad great idea! we’ll have some exciting details on cases very soon! @deniz we will be sending out a survey at the end of the campaign so that you can specify your shipping address and your plug choice. @pete thank you so much for your support! we appreciate you :) @jerry levine sorry if we missed your question! we can’t provide test photos because we aren’t far along enough in the manufacturing process where camera tuning takes place. we are working with some amazing partners on camera tuning and we hope we’ll be able to provide you all with more updates as we get them!
@joel, good article thanks...you really get a good look at the color of the phone (i'm referring to the midnight blue) in the photos. i was leaning towards mint, but i like how the midnight in certain light looks blue and in others almost black...tough choices now. would be cool to see a couple more variants (mint top and bottom with midnight body, or midnight top and bottom with white body)
thanks for the read, joel! it only makes me more anxious to get my hands on one!
the android central handss okn was a good read. they were impressed with the direction nextbit is headed.
nice brief review of robin from android central: http://m.androidcentral.com/hands-nextbit-robin
@chad kemp thanks for the synthesis of info. it was about what i had pieced together from different articles but great to have everything in one place. it seems if i downloaded google voice and viber i'd probably be good to go. ;)
i'm keen to know about the display. apart from the specs, it'll be good to have photo on how robin will display. is the display output vibrant/true to the pictures or does it turn out rather flat/washed out? (friends were playing with an online game together and they were comparing the difference in display for different handset eg apple samsung sony redmi)
@nextbitsys: i asked about this a few days ago, but i can't find my comment/response. can you please advise on actual camera quality with a comparison to what is on market today? for example, the note 4 and galaxy s6 have excellent cameras; the new iphone supposedly does as well. i'm extraordinarily happy with the quality from my note 4 (it was the reason i upgraded from the note 3). can we please have some test photos - inside, outside, day, night, flash, etc - to see the results?
boom. early adopter slot.
@norman khan @nextbitsys will send an email after the campaign ends to the email on your kickstarter account. they will get the details at that time, so you will provide your color choice and additional shipping information. congrats on backing an awesome device!
hi, nextbit! recently pledged and i cannot wait to see the hard work you folks have put for us! if we make the pledge and the project hoes ahead, do we get to decide the colour of our phone??
everyone has had a lot of great questions, but everyone is ignoring the dangers of a "smart" smartphone... is robin skynet????!??!
@chad kemp definitely agree with you there. @dennis yeah, those other things are smaller form factors that go into my decision when getting a phone, but my major non-negotiables are those top two...as well as the band coverage (which is a no brainer so i didn't include).
@julien, shipping cost also includes vat (which is per phone) according to @nextbit
hey @nextbit ! i pledge for 1 phone some days ago (kickstarter special = 395$ + 95$ shipping to france), now i convince a friend of mine to get one too but the pledge is strange (double kickstarter special = 698$ + 190$ shipping). i don't understand why the shipping cost is not cheaper if i take two! by the way i just try the 20 phones pack, and the shipping stay at 95$... tell me if it's normal about these shipping cost! thanks
i'm quite sure i read somewhere that when the campaign ends they'll do a survey with every backer so you can choose your delivery address and robin colour, additionally, you'll be able to add cases and other accessories. so i imagine they will get shipped with your robin.
@nextbit my first kickstarter pledge. fell in love with robin. what sold it to me was the zero bloatware, unlocked everything and the aesthetics. it's just beautiful, i especially love the icon set and i hope you can expand that a bit, or maybe even release the design schematics so that the community can keep the icons updated. i currently have a galaxy 3, which i run atom launcher on, because i think touchwiz is pretty dull and constrictive. i like my widgets. i get one big problem, which is that apps are always waking up at their own convenience and connecting on my data, not even to update. this is pretty rubbish if you just have a  few, but with a few dozen (or even just facebook) it slows everything right down. i use greenify, but that needs root to work properly, otherwise my nice homescreen is replaced by app shutdown screens every two minutes. i could keep my data and wifi off, but that kills the point of the phone and i don't want facebook and twitter etc switching on every time i want to check an email. now robin will instantly kill most of that problem by sticking everything in the cloud, but i wondered if you guys had thought about controlling apps ability to switch on direct from the phone, so that facebook only turns on when i'm actually using it, or i can choose an email app to only connect every hour, so that we're in control of our apps and they aren't in control of the phone, but if someone else wants facebook on all the time and instant notifications, they can do.
@lars  do you have any idea if the case and screen protector are part of robin deliverables or will it fall under add-ons?  i'm too lazy to scroll through the entire list of comments. @dennis robin 2.0 with name like dennis or abe sounds less neutral and more caring? (reminds me of big hero 6 movie) just kidding. :)
@alonso siem they are, a day or two ago they asked whether we would like glass or plastic screen protectors, just in case they can't deliver both.
@mark maybe what you need is a big murse. ;) and, yes they are real to those wondering.
@yvonne maybe we can get robin 2.0 to be less neutral, like dennis or yvonne.  just kidding folks, just kidding.
@alonso in the works. likely to be one of different accessories (i.e.: screen protector, case) one can choose when giving address to ship product.  a backer will be able to choose which color as well.
i wonder if you will produce a screen protector? :/
@vanelis belazquez "the first question we asked was why the name "robin." nextbit's response is that they wanted to name the phone something different from the "sci-fi names - siri, cortana, xperia, galaxy, lumia" of other devices. it felt that a nice-sounding, gender neutral name was "more approachable, human and alive" than other tech names. this does tie in nicely with the design aesthetic of the phone, which is certainly warmer and more friendly-looking than many other current phones. " this answer is from:  http://www.tomshardware.com/news/nextbit-robin-smartphone-kickstarter-updates,30023.html
@creator what's the idea behind the name robin?
if you guys would let me know when the case comes out  i'd appreciate it. you guy's might also come out with a cool looking accessory bag that would be great. i could keep my polk hinge headphones, republic sol bluetooth speaker, and my omaker  portable phone charger in it
@nextbit. i'm super happy to be supporting this. im currently in australia but will be heading back to europe next year. i pledged bcoz i really don't want to miss out on this.  will we be able to choose what plugs get delivered to us and/or can we change postal destination between end of campaign and delivery?
i guess for me the uniqueness and a new approach are important.  and features that work (i.e.: finger sensor and usb c - only gimmicks on op2, imo).  i don't tinker much anymore, flashed cm years ago when updates to firmware were near non-existent.  i do like good specs though and fast response to basics.  into music and looking things up when something comes up, and of course want the phone to make and receive calls when and where i need it to.  so, i guess being off the beaten path, along with the rest as a whole is.  plus, unlocked carrier, unlocked boot loader (just in case) and no damn bloatware.  i hate bloatware.
@abe chung i get what you are saying. and my response wasn't specifically at you. it was meant to address the community at large. there was/is a lot of concern about the camera (my first post to @nextbitsys on day one of the campaign was in regards to the camera). i just wanted to try to bring some real-world experience to the conversation to help ease any concerns... mostly to those on the fence. there are obviously those corner cases ... those power camera-users who need a camera to be near-dslr quality. while i would love that, i believe i am in the majority who just need an awesome camera... not a world class camera. for that, my wife has a canon 5d mk ii that we use. i think my use-cases are pretty in line with most, which is pictures of my hiking trips, camping trips, t-ball games, etc. and if a moto g with 1gb of ram and a snapdragon 415 can take pictures that i find acceptable (and also do 720p slomo) then i think the 13mp sensor with pdaf and dual-tone flash should be perfectly suitable. all other things considered, this phone is magic compared with all but the highest-end phones out there today. i can hear all of the iphone 6s supporters out there already, and i agree that the iphone camera is pretty amazing, but for a closed os, terribly linear ux, and design that is, imo, evolutionary and becoming a caricature of itself, i would rather back a project that provides all of what i need for less than half of an iphone 6s with the same ($750 for 32gb) on-board storage capacity and none of the revolutionary os+ux+cloud experience that robin brings.
@cole wolk fast indeed! i had created a second account under my wife's name in the hope of getting another early adopter slot if/when it opens up, but i did not even see it becoming available! seems like i just gotta camp on here and keep a closer watch, haha...
that early bird was snatched up fast! good luck nextbit, good job for a first generation, and nice mascot.
@chad kemp so, you kind of made my point. understandly, you're saying that a very low end phone had the capability of producing high specc'd camera images. i propose one thing: you're arguing against a phone who simply advertised hardware. this was not my main point. my main point was all variables must be considered when making the hardware specs, the best they can be. good camera with great software can produce good images. however it will not produce great images. also, to address @dennis, i appreciate your feedback. and your right. camera is important for me. and no, a mediocre camera isn't an automatic deal breaker. here is my list of things i look for in a camera...its very small by the way, but the criteria within those listsnis what most ppl don't really consider. -camera: i don't need high end specs. sure, ois/laf is great, but if you give me a camera with awesome lowlight production, snappy clear images during movements, then you got me. -battery: minimum needs to be a day with moderate to heavy usage. i don't like carrying around a cable everywhere i go to charge my phone. typically, larger batteries mitigate issue, but we all know phones with large batteries have proven that optimization mismanagement has severely stunted its capabilities. that and proper os performance efficiency. now quick charge is a definite growing requirement. i would love to charge my phone for 15min to get an extra 30-50%. the other stuff is cool, but if you picked up with my list, majority of these things can be mitigated with software optimization. however, the software side needs to be coupled with good hardware. coming from opo (4-5sot), battery was good and camera was okay (bad lowlight). what i don't want is to take a step back from my phone. and i'm being sincere that the robin is a very innovative device with an impressive specsheet. currently, we have to take @nextbit's word for it when they have the capable team to optimize the available hardware to maximize efficiency, ingenuity, and output. but you're right, t the end of the day, i could very well be disappointed in the phone. then i'll know what i don't want in a phone and that's fine :). tl dr: hope the hardware on phone, coupled with software tuning, brings out the best in the phones experience that makes me keep this phone as my daily driver for the foreseeable future.
@abe chung thank you
@d'don its usb type c2.0c with 3.0 support.
@nextbit backing off of what @chad kemp said. does the robin have usb type-c with usb standard 2.0 or 3.0?
attention: i am revoking my early bird bird pledge at 11 pm est (24 minutes from now). there will be a spot open for anyone to claim it. i am getting the iphone 6s. i will however be pledging for the rebel yell.
@allwhoaskaboutcamera i initially had the same concerns. i sold almost all of my mobile phones (i am a developer, so i have/had plenty to test on) and i was planning to narrow down my device cache to just a single phone for development and a phone for daily use. in selling all of my devices (iphones x3, oneplus one, moto x 1st and 2nd gen, fire phone, blackberry z10, nexus 4 and 5) i made a punch list of things that my daily driver had to have. -excellent camera -usb type-c -nfc -finger print scanner -fullhd display -5.5" display or smaller -quickcharge when oneplus announced of their second phone, i was stoked about the camera. it had ois (which is a very good feature), laser autofocus (pretty neat, and on par with phasedetect). the display was at the top-end of my size preference but it was full hd. it had usb type-c, but didn't implement the 3rd generation usb standard (only usb 2.0) so you didn't gain any of the speed improvements for data transfer (which is arguably a moot point for mobile devices, as most people typically transfer very little over usb). as a charging port, however, they opted to pass on the quickcharge 2.0 features. thus the very large battery (3300mah) would take nearly 3 hours to fully charge (though it should last a full day of my use). it includes a finger print scanner (which has grounding problems, as it turns out) but for some inexplicable reason, they didn't include nfc, which severely cripples a mobile device nowadays, since android pay will be making its debut within the next couple of months. these omissions are deal-breakers for me, and thus i have decided against the oneplus two. going back to the camera, i was back on the hunt for my next daily driver. in the meantime, i bought a motorola moto g 3rd gen for $180 and, to my surprise, the camera is more than capable. it has no ois, probably a simple contrast detection autofocus, but surprisingly the pictures turn out as good as the pictures taken on the amazon fire phone (which uses ois on a similar 13mp sensor). the fire phone has excellent picture quality, but the phone itself (mostly due to fireos) is garbage. i have compared pictures (and videos) of my son's swimming lessons and they are definitely on par with one another. clearly the motorola imagine processing software is very good, considering it is doing it all on a snapdragon 415. this knowledge eased my concerns about the camera on robin. a 13mp sensor is large enough (seriously, if you need more, then you must be printing full-resolution billboards or something). it is the quality of those pixels that matters, and knowing hat i know about how much the software actually does to the image, i have zero concerns about the camera. robin checks all of my other boxes, so it was really a no-brainer. my wife and i both backed so we have 2 of them coming... she can use it if she wants or i can develop on it :d ... the latter sounds more fun, but i'm sure it will be the former.
@abe chung i hope you are not disappointed, but what if, what if you are, will the smartphone (robin) still be a phone worth pursuit and use to you.  from your enthusiastic and well thought out comments, it seems to me you want 75% camera and 25% phone (the percentages used are only meant to be comparative in nature not fact).  i completely understand your misgivings in the camera's chosen specs based on your needs and wants.  but, i am just trying to say perspective on overall performance is key.  i say again, you may be setting yourself up for possible disappointment.  not in a bad way, but in a way of...it's okay but it should have been better.  maybe, if it as important as it seems it is you should wait until after we find out the performance of the camera as released.  not trying to lecture or sway you either way.  i just see a possibility for disappointment for you.  is the difference in price point worth your risk.  enjoy your enthusiasm and posts.
@dennis and @rhiney agreeagree with just one exception. it needs to be the combination of all those variables. a good sensor can be good with proper software, but cannot exceed the limitations of its specs. however, to your point, a great sensor can be terrible with bad software and processing. the concern is that the samsung 3m2 isocell 13mp sensor is adequate, but not great. we don't know if those previous phones with that sensor has great image processing software. if so, then this sensor does poorly in low light. and in the end, all it can produce is adequate pictures for a 300-400 phone. but i'm hoping that the former is not the case. i hope the pedigree behind this phone and company can do miracles with the available hardware through great software programming. :)
@vincent i suspect that one will remain a mystery until you and i and others see it on our phone.  imho
@rhiney profound grasshopper.  same can be said for processors, huh? ;)
@timothy i hope that doesn't happen when you actually have it. ;)
@chad kemp good detail and use of words to explain it for one and all.  well done.
the one thing that's still killing me is what "very special sim tray" means!!!!
@chad kemp, well said and explained :o)
@amy elizabeth no, i do not work for @nextbitsys, unless they offer, then i am definitely interested :) their (@nextbitsys) verizon info comes from their update 2 to this campaign. and the other verizon information (regarding allowing unlocked phones on  their proprietary network) comes from various news sources (the verge, betanews, phandroid, etc.) that have followed up with verizon's announcement that they are moving away from the subsidized mobile device on contract model. this effectively means that you have to buy your phone outright then you just pay for a data/voice plan. they (verizon) are slowly recognizing that many people like to byod. there are some other federal carrier-optional good faith things at play here, but the difficulty mostly boils down to the fact that verizon uses a proprietary cdma network technology as opposed to gsm. most carriers now provide lte, which is an evolution of the gsm standard for higher speeds. gsm providers store network information on a sim card. cdma providers (verizon, sprint, us cellular) use a carrier-maintained white list of phones to put on their network (thus no sim in cdma-only phones). this is why you can just take an at&t sim out and put a t-mobile sim in. lte, being an extension to gsm uses sim cards. which explains why you have a sim in your verizon lte phone. the problem then lies in the fact that verizon still maintains this white list of phones (you still need the cdma radio to connect and authenticate to their network). verizon has, according to recent reports, considered allowing other non-cdma devices that only access using lte on their network. if you want full verizon functionality, however, you have to have the cdma radio as well for their best coverage (they have an admittedly strong network, but it is not completely lte). if you have an lte only device, then verizon must implement voice over lte (volte) in order for a non-cdma phone to have voice as well as data. the current carrier climate still demands that 2 different models of a given device are made... cdma/lte and gsm/lte. this causes additional cost and strain with manufacturing, as the radios for each require slightly different design to optimize the antennas for best reception. usually this means slightly different phone chassis design/tooling. so, when you see a "carrier unlocked" phone, it is usually a gsm/lte phone. all that said, there are very few phones on verizon that are worth unlocking, and they are all iphones (starting with the 5), as apple put all of the necessary radios in one device to avoid the above issues for the majority of users (sprint is another story). so you can unlock a verizon iphone 5 (and up) and move it to at&t or t-mobile (i have done just that with a 5 and 5s). those are also the only phones on verizon (prior to the nexus 6) that didn't have heaps of verizon bloat installed on them. sorry for the long response ;)
@noorulabeen ahmad so would be. they could do a partnership with nexpaq (here on kickstarter) to have the robin as a supported smartphone for one of their cases to expand it's feature set, like a battery case.
@nextbit just a suggestion, maybe this could be implemented in the future. a battery case for the robin or your future devices, and maybe a power bank. these would be great accessories to go along with this device and many others. maybe not now, but in the future. :)
so, i literally just had a dream while holding my new robin and feeling like i was holding the holy grail. then when i woke up i was so depressed. the dream was so real.
i've owned alot of different smartphones. from my experience what makes a camera great isn't the megapixels as much as the software that goes along with it. good camera software equals good pics.
@jeffrey noy there's no denying robin offers a great innovative device and that price damn but you can't compare the camera on mega pixels alone *cough cough moto x 2014(terrible beyond words camera wise). we know the one they are using and it lacks greatly in low light but they are working hard to give it the best optimization they can.
@nextbit...that is awesome that the grayed out feature will work with custom launchers...from the sound of robins launcher, it seems to be shaping up nicely, i may not need to use a third party launcher :o) (especially if icon packs can be used in yours ;o)
@shane mobbs i am going to wait for iphone 7, when app developers can really utilize force touch. and we'll see about their camera quality as well. too bad their battery life is even smaller than nextbit robins.
@nextbit, @simon made a great point. an icon pack or icon masking would be great! i love your treatment of your icons. the colors are nice, and i like that they're uniform in shape and size. @abe i'm still getting the 6s plus as well. i started saving for robin as soon as i saw the articles about it in august i think it was, and i use next for my iphones. the best of both worlds! i can't seem to tie myself down to just one os, much less one phone. lol
@simon nortman great question! we are super excited to say that the grayed out feature will work with custom launchers. @stefan we're still working on the solution for this. we appreciate the suggestion, you'll hear more soon!
thank you for all the love today in light of that other announcement. ;-) we wish we could heart and star all your great comments.
@will yes! the launcher you see screen shots of is our "simple" mode. the launcher is just an app list, but there is a layer for widgets which you summon by pinching the screen. there is also a "classic" launcher mode, allowing you to mix widgets, shortcuts and folders the way most android launchers do.
want to raise more money? get a tee shirt or sticker up there.. stuff sheep is ok... just think we want to show off this revolution in other ways...:-) i know i would
i can't believe i'm actually saying this...but i'm probably going to forego the new iphone 6s+ to try out marshmallow, specifically on this device...not to mention nexus 5x (only thing good is camera compared to robin), 6x (too large and expensive, without being really considered flagship material), and op2 (too many problems/cut corners all around). @nextbit please don't disappoint. :)
hi nextbit, does robin's launcher allow widgets?
@jeffery, regardless of all those comparisons, the design of the robin is far more innovative and aesthetically pleasing to me :)
i'm glad, i got the nextbit.  you guys did better than the new iphone 6s. iphone 6s suck. nextbit vs iphone 32gb | 16gb 13mp  compare to  12mp $299  compare to $649
@shane, yeah i remember hearing about the support for 3rd party launchers too...just curious as to how far the integration would go. also, i know they have made some custom icons for their skin..i wonder if they would use icon masking for the rest or even release their own icon packs
even though i prefer android to ios, i would probably get an iphone if they could just get the size right.  6 = screen too small.  6+ = overall phone too big.
@simon good question about the custom icons. i think i remember earlier that using a 3rd party launcher wouldn't affect the cloud functions, but they didn't mention anything about custom icons.
@stephen i thought it was pretty great honestly. still keeping my rebel yell backing, but i'll be picking up a 6s plus as well.
@nextbit... one quick question, not sure if it was answered.. i love customizing icons and layouts on my phone and i use a third party launcher (nova prime) ... would the cloud system still work in the same way- meaning, do the icons still grey out when sent to the cloud? (especially if i am using an icon pack)
@abe chung, i agree force touch looks interesting and useful
@stephen han, ionno, force touch could have some great functionality for app developers and consumers alike.
just watched the photos of the launch party you posted on facebook. man, i really wish i could have been there (i live in europe), it seemed like an awful lot of fun! honestly, who does something as awesome and interactive as throwing a party at a bar with your entire team and giving the people a chance to talk with all of you in person?
just finished watching the apple event. as someone who generally has respect for apple's work it was underwhelming to say the least. this phone can't come fast enough!
@nextbit, just a quick question. will the interface info (time, app descriptions etc on home screens) change depending to contrast the background? eg white app titles on very dark backgrounds
@jason when i download my pictures from android to my pc they're always automatically in the right direction.
@sikander khan, the creators already stated that wireless charging will not be included. but a quick charger is the stretch goal for 1 million and a dock was mentioned as a possible accessory.
any thoughts on including the option to manually adjust camera settings (shutter speed, iso etc.) and supporting raw output? thanks!
@yvonne, it is in the update section. it's dated september 1 (time for our first stretch goal).
@chad kimp, currently i am on a note 4 but not happy with it. i had a nexus 6 and when i first got it i was getting almost 4 hours of sot. but after 6 months or so the sot dropped dramatically. i had an extended battery for the note 4 but i returned it for a few reasons. i'm currently trying to figure out what would be the best option for me to upgrade to. i find 2015's lack of removable battery phones disturbing. with both my nexus 6 and note 4 i usually pop it on a quick charger about 6 hours after i unplug it. but it annoys me that i have to do that and watch what i'm doing all day to make it thru the day lol.
not sure how android phones work (robin will be my first)..... but when i would transfer 500 pictures off my iphone to a windows computer, i spend the next hour going through them to rotating them right side up....with the cloud i might be going through 10,000 pictures rotating them.....not sure maybe lock the pill at the bottom of the screen forcing you to hold the phone the correct way ????  just thinking out loud....
@nextbit  sounds perfect, thanks for confirming.
@nextbit awesome! that's exactly what i was hoping for, would be kind of silly to pay taxes and shipment costs more than once... cheers!
hi wireless charging is possible with robin?
@paul you will be able to add any or all of the accessory options to your pledge when we send out the backer survey at the end of the campaign.
can you guys be my twitter feed today? my twitter is nothing but crap about some other phone company i couldn't care less about.
@sheng-chieh su we will hopefully release information about which countries backed after the campaign. we don't have complete data on this quite yet!
thanks for all your feedback and suggestions guys! we super appreciate how active and engaging our community is. we love hearing from you on stretch goals and potential features. @jason the speed of this download will depend on your data network or wifi speed. for those curious about how our gallery app works with google photos... essentially, your photos will be backed up through our cloud and gallery. space will be made automatically through our gallery. your photos will also be backed up through google photos if you choose to do so. space there will have to be made manually.
@chad kemp, additionally, i'm seeing tons of info saying that phones on verizon can be unlocked. that is a variant from bringing an unlocked phone onto the network, and i can't find specific information on that. where are you getting your info? thanks.
@chad kemp - so what is the verizon compatible announcement, then? and i'm sorry do you work for nextbit or no?
@nextbit with the earlier discussion regarding the material option for a screen protector, would it be feasible to offer a protector as an additional pledge so we can combine the phone a protector in a single shipment cost? or as a stretch goal?.......... :-)
@j. s. thank u. i guess this info was lost within the comments. typically stretch goals unlock will be communicated in the update section.
@yvonne the current stretch goal is when they hit a million we get a fast charger.
+1 @colin & @rl 2) ability to take photos while video recording  3) in addition to showing a shutter button, show also the video button without always going into the menu.
@amy elizabeth that decision is all but made as far as @nextbitsys goes. verizon has to allow unlocked lte devices onto their network. currently only lte/cdma devices are allowed on verizon, and the robin will likely not have a cdma radio (it is lte/gsm like all other unlocked/global phones). it does, of course, have lte, but verizon, in all their draconian wisdom, does not allow unlocked lte devices to join their network. they want you to buy the lte/cdma devices from them, so they have a chance to install bloat-ware and other (not so transparent) services on them. there have been recent reports that verizon is considering changing this, since they are going away from the buy-on-contract mobile phone model, but expect that decision to take many months (or longer).
@glitchhawk i am curious what you use for a device right now that would give you more than 4 hours of screen-on time considering your described use-case below would mean you would have to have a 5360mah battery just to get 4 hours. at any rate, i would think a battery pack is already in your daily usage... the quick charge feature would prove useful regardless of which phone you use.
i'm super excited about the potential to release a verizon option during this campaign, so i've held onto my bid for the time being. i'd be okay with a slightly later release date (not months and months, but maybe a month or two) if that means the option to secure it at a lower price.
@shane i agree. i am sure @nextbitsys is listening, and will consider. i know the big picture is to have everyone's data, and if that makes my data more safe/secure, i am ok with that. but the story line and auto-awesomed/filtered picture service that google provides are pretty cool.
@dennis thanks for asking dennis. i backed out because the battery is too small for me. i'm a very heavy phone user and i have lots of apps that run constantly throughout the day (facebook, messenger, pushbullet, google now, mint, multiple emails, slidejoy, android wear, google fit, google photos backup, etc). i'd be lucky to get 2 hours of screen on time with this phone. i was hoping there would be a stretch goal for a larger battery or something even though it was probably a false hope. haha
@chad it'd be nice if there was a share option on the main gallery page. from there you could choose google photos hit always (kind of like the "open with" currently in use by android. that way the info would always be shared and up to date with google photos.
@shane mobbs i saw the update, and that is what brought up the question. i think it is about timing at this point, but i would like to see some api interaction... for example, if i install google photos, the robin gallery should be mindful and ask me if i would like to give photos the opportunity to back up as well before robin offloads. the google photos api almost certainly makes that information available, considering it works together with stock gallery apps by default. i have gotten used to the automagically filtered pictures and story-lines that photos makes of my family hiking trips, vacations, etc.
+1 @colin 2) ability to take photos while video recording  3) in addition to showing a shutter button, show also the video button without always going into the menu.
@michael i just sold my htc one m9 to cover most of the rebel yell option for robin. about to sell my iphone 6 so i can get the 6s plus that's gonna be announced today. lots of phone wheeling and dealing this month for me. lol
i meant now i'm tempted because you brought it up.  but this phone looks awesome.  sorry guys.  auto correct.
@chad i'm pretty sure in the update pushed last night it said the gallery functions will only work with nextbit's cloud service. i'm sure if you had google photos (or any other cloud service) enabled to work on data, keeping robin's cloud set to back up on wifi only the photos would have plenty of time to upload to the service of choice. that's a good question though and one i'm curious about as well.
@shane now i'm half tempted tons that cause you out it in my mind!   lol.  but this phone looks great.
@creator in light of the question that @dalien posted, i was wondering if nextbit is creating any kind of compressing scheme whereby any data that is pushed up and/or restored is compressed first, then restored on their respective targets? additionally, will your gallery app work together with google photos? currently i (and probably many of us here) use google photos to back up my photos so i can delete them from my camera roll at any time knowing they are safe in the cloud. if i take a photo with robin, and robin backs up the photo, will robin delete the original from the camera roll before google photos has a chance to also make a backup of it? the same question holds for any other service of course (amazon photos, microsoft onedrive, etc.)
@abe there's no official stretch goal yet. no update on stretch goal.  @steven there are quite a handful of dropouts for early adopter slot. i'm curious what could be the reason. (of course, there are people filling up the gaps.)
@dalien you have the choice to allow robin to pull necessary data while not on wifi, so if you choose to allow it this access then yes, it will consume data. as far as restoring applications go, think of it like you installing an application from the play store while on the go. the beauty of robin is that it doesn't offload applications that you either a) pin to your phone, or b) have used very recently. older, stale apps move to the top of the to-be-offloaded stack, so this should be a rare occurrence. if it happens more often than you like, you should think about pinning the application(s) you continue to restore. robin makes a best effort to determine what is stale, so it will learn as you go.
@abe $20k a day would be fantastic! if i'm not wrong the actual numbers are around 10k a day (it's about 17hrs ago when 900k was passed).
if we could reach about $20k daily, we will be able to hit first stretch goal by september 15. let's push so additional stretch goals could be met!
when i want to retrieve some of my information from the cloud when on the run will this phone eat away at my data plan?
@michael haha! i'm getting both
meant looks great�
like great. skipping the next iphone for this.
@steven i don't have a third account. or a mistress :) .
while robin doesn't support carrier's wifi calling, google hangouts can call landlines over wifi for free (in the us). that should work fine on robin.
@rik no third one for you? :)
that went quick!
yep.
just now one is available
@benoit i saw it by keeping it open all day and checking. you must be lucky but i didn't check every minute so it is possible. i succeeded twice.
@benoit as far as i know this is not possible, though someone else will have to confirm or deny this just to be certain..
posting here just in case it gets missed in the update comments: [camera] looks great! few suggestions:  1) ability to hide or show albums. such as downloads, screenshots etc  2) ability to take photos while video recording  3) in addition to showing a shutter button, show also the video button. this is really useful to be able to start either a video or take a photo without always going into the menu. thanks
just so i know, is there a way to get notified when an early adopter spot opens up? (bear in mind, this is my first time on kickstarter) thanks!
just ordered my rebel pack,now i cant wait till feb
@sheng-chieh su i second that. would be great to know.
@creator would it be possible to show the break down of backers by country? just curious
so we can access the cloud anytime with something other than our smartphone? will there be an app for this? and is there a way to prevent some things from being uploaded? like large games?
so now i can use my own account again for comments ( used my wife heidi to get another early adaptor). @creator i posted a few days ago a question if a color sample could be made (2cm x 2cm) of the phones to have them shipped and check the colors in real life. is this something you could do? i'm sure a lot of people would want this and i'm willing to pay the cost needed.
woohoo. just got my second early adaptor phone. seems a lot of these people are backing out, i succeeded for my 2 accounts.
hey guys. i'm so excited about this phone! i had a question for you concerning the camera after reading your latest campaign update. you soda that every time we want to zoom in or see a full size picture from the gallery that the phone will download it from the cloud. my question is how long will that download process take? if i touch on a picture and it takes 4 or 5 seconds to download and view the picture, then that would get annoying. especially if i want to swipe through several pictures. how will that process work? also, would i be able to set the phone to download and album at a time so i could view the whole album without having to wait for each picture to download? thanks!
@pia @jerry turner and others curious about wifi calling at this time, we do not support wifi calling. this would require us to work individually with carriers, which would prevent us from being robin directly to you! thanks for your feedback and thoughts. @ghosted h we're going to have exciting updates on cases very soon! we know you are all anxiously waiting for info on this and we appreciate everyone's patience :) @abe chung glad you like it! we're close to $1 million, our team is super excited!
if the cloud could store or implement the proper drivers upon sim card insertion for the right network, it almost seems like if the hardware could support it, the cloud could implement it!
@yvonne thanks for the encouragement. just repeating what nextbit said to provide some help to them. and as for the t-shirt, like i said, i just happen to be there at the right place and right time. i'm wearing the t-shirt now and it's pretty nice and comfortable. haha. @nextbit, the camera app looks dope. i can't wait to see how the camera performs. less than $100,000 til first stretch goal reached!
@nexbit any word on the phone case?  maybe a render or quick design to give you info or suggestions.
you know, i'm now thinking of google fi.  isn't it just a matter of getting the radio right?  i mean, it uses t-mobile and sprint (with the same sim card) for both networks.  i'll be checking into this more myself, on the technical side of it, but if anyone has any thoughts on how this could be implemented for use here, i think it might just be a matter of implementing it!  since the first device to use this service is an unlocked device, like the robin will be, it seems like it might be possible!
awesome news about australia!  i know i'm rehashing here, but everything in place here, the innovation of the device itself, the way the community feedback process is developing with this, the transparency and listening, is providing the word of mouth that this is going to be the next device to beat!  i truly see this as the future for "affordable flagships" or whatever term you'd like to apply!  plus, the cloud be used for so much more.  for everyone wondering, i believe wifi calling is a feature built natively into marshmallow.  so, i'm sure they'll be working to make sure it will work for the different carriers it can support (t-mo, att, etc.).  if they do get verizon on board, that would put this phone almost in a league of it's own, with the nexus 6 being the only other phone with that much total support!  the possibilities are so great with this, and i couldn't be more excited!
@angelo @shane both screen protectors and cases are in the works.  specifics to be revealed before end of campaign.
@kurt may i ask what you think may be missing or overlooked?  no judgment intended, truly interested.
@angelo cases are def coming. screen protectors have been mentioned by nextbit as a possibility. the asked glass or plastic. most backers preferred glass, so we'll see!
will you offer custom fit gorilla glass or protective cases?
@dennis all is good buddy!
just dropped to $1 pledge to keep tabs on future stretch goals. congrats to whoever gets my slot at the low price range :d
sorry @shane.  i had typed @jerry and then changed it, but goofed.  please forgive the ol' guy.
thanks @yvonne.  just sharing my knowledge, research and some speculations, as i am a fan and want to see nextbit succeed.  retired and have plenty of free time. perceived good new technology interests me.  i have an electronic background, so i understand some things (not all) and try to put things in perspective for others. @jshane bring on that quick charge, so i don't have to buy one.  i'm cheap. nextbit, please address the wifi calling questions.  i don't recall it as having been covered.  and dedicated camera button.
@jerry at 1mill nextbit is going to throw in a quick charger.
i also am wondering about wifi calling.  can you also post the stretch goals on the campaign page.  you mentioned that we are about to reach the stretch goal of $1m, but i don't see them listed anywhere.
@nextbit nice update on the camera. keep the updates coming. @dennis @abe thanks for being there to answer some questions. you deserved the tees.  i think nextbit should include the tees as an add-on, or maybe only the 'fanboys' get em.
full robin?  is that a rasslin' hold?  lol!
@dennis lol gf girl friend. i'm in canada.
i agree with @robert nowak completely. it's a full robin experience, lol.
@mark many phones allow for the volume button to act as a shutter. maybe robin will as well.
i was looking at the camera and i do think it looks great. my thing is i have c.p and its hard to use a camera without a dedicated camera button. not that i take many pictures, but maybe in future generations i realize not many phones have dedicated camera buttons. i do love the phone and what you guys are doing.
@nextbit...is the slow motion 120fps or 240fps?
as others have said, the camera app looks great.  i love how you seem to be building a cohesive product.  too many android phones are just thrown together parts.  specs are great, but you shouldn't be trying to sell this + this + this, you should be trying to sell a smartphone.  looks good so far.
@nextbit: will there be a means to quickly access the camera from the lock screen?
wifi calling on t-mobile is very important to me. will robin support this feature?
@shane mobbs the hdr setting will be manual. glad you all appreciated the update! we have more exciting things to share throughout the campaign, stay tuned :)
@rhiney which country are you in?  i would guess not usa.
@rhiney i'm confused.  that's 2x you have used gf (which i take to mean grandfather) and then you say she.  i'm not trying to be knit-picky, but i sure am curious if it's your grandmother or grandfather.  we have to know so we get ahold of the right one for your intervention! ;)
@peter i use ting/t-mobile, and yes, lte bands 2, 4 and 12 (being addressed).  the sprint towers which use cdma, no
@dennis my gf is use to me showing up with new tech. she calls it my sickness. i call it an expensive habit. i'm a retired veteran and have far to much time to shop online. i have the moto x play for the last three weeks. i like moto phones. but the play has its issues
i'm liking the camera interface. minimalist and very much in the same design language as the device itself.
would the robin be capitable with ting?
thanks for update. is it possible to have tap screen anywhere to take a pic.
@nextbit about the camera app. does it have auto hdr or do we have to set it on or off ourselves?
just got an email update with pics of the camera app. it looks so nice. minimal and modern
hope any fans don't become whiners after release and use.  please be respectful, thoughtful and a contributor and helper to the aftermarket presentation. i expect some glitches, but nothing earth shattering or of the melt down caliber.  i think it is and will become a flagship killer in 2016.
@rhiney give me her contact info.  i'll out you! just don't do it to yourself like i did with a facebook post. see if you can wait until you have it in your sweaty palm and nonchalantly pull it out and softly ask, "so, what do you think dear?"  and report back.
i cant really comment on the nexus 7, because  its forthcoming. the moto x play i can because i was going to buy that. online storage on the fly intriguing ...the developers of the robin are invested in there product. they are very interactive with there consumer's and there warranty is very good. i will say the moto x play has very nice specs, but do you trust there parent lenovo? with all the laptops getting viruses from installed apps that were put on the machine before it was shipped. how do you know there phones wont have the same issues?the robins specs are mid to high tier the 808 proc is whats in the g4 ram  rom is the same as most high end phones have. usb c  nice touch quick charge nice touch front firing speakers great [how come the g4 doesn't sigh....] i'm not a modder  but to most the fact you can load your own and not void the warranty is a great feature. my wife says there will always be a better phone find one you like and stick with it. i think i have as you have to..
i have backed many projects through crowdfunding. all of them are just regular joes with a great idea. so work out and others do not. i'm confident with nextbit mostly because these are proven ppl working on this phone. this isn't there first turkey shoot. i think we will get the best possible device nextbit can deliver in the time frame.   i've been practicing this speech to tell my gf. to soften the blow of yet another phone comming
@dennis ... i agree, uniqueness is a draw..the nexus 5x has similar specs, but the design is bland compared to the robin... not a fan of a camera hump either.
as far as performance goes i'm not very worried. the skin on top of android for robin seems very light compared to most android phones out there. with the specs i'm pretty confident there will be no problems in that area. the cloud functions may have a few hiccups in the beginning, but if we keep the default settings to work only on wifi i'm pretty sure it won't affect day to day use much.
they certainly are the most transparent and forthcoming company.  and that says a lot.
forgot to mention performance, it is a question that will likely not be answered until hands on, but, the team is experienced and committed to make this phone a performer, as they know more than we their success hinges on it.  at this point it's a matter of hope and trust in the expression of a smartphone they are and do build.
@dalien comes down to need/desire for sd vs. cloud storage.  20 mah isn't squat.  uniqueness is also a draw, anyway to me.
how do you think your phone will perform compared to the upcoming nexus 5? the specs are almost identical except sd card slot and 20 extra mah. im havig a hard time deciding between the two as my next daily driver
@rhiney  sounds like you need intervention.  lol!  just kidding. ;)
@rhiney....i actually was one of the winners of the smash the past contest for the opo...i got an invite for the op2 and did order it...i prob wont keep it though as the robin is going to be my phone of choice..i'm currently using a motox 2nd gen and i really prefer the 5.2in screen. i understand your tech enthusiasm though ;)
@nextbit how close is the display panel to the glass? i'm hoping there is no visible gap and it looks nice and flat so everything pops. is there a current phone display you would say it was pretty close to so we can get a feel of what it's like?
i'd buy her a mint one, but she will never leave the galaxy s3 (her first and only smartphone) until it don't work anymore.
@dennis. haha! the most i've let myself do is 3 in one year. i try to cap at 2 though. one android and one ios.
i was a very early opo adoptor. was one of the first 1000 to get the first opo. was just sent an invite for the second model. il most likely buy it,not because its a great phone, more because i'm a tech nut and can't help himself. that will make three phones i purchased this month. and there is still  3. 1\2 months or more til robin is released.
@shane...nope, gonna go with my wife's pick for me, midnight blue, to get some grace back from getting yet another phone. ;)  i'm really not as bad as some. had 3 version's of galaxy s3 before opo and now robin.  somewhere, somebody had had 7 phones in something like a year.  probably isn't married. ; )
@dennis yeah, i guess every now and again you need to listen to your wife, but still, it's your phone, you'll be the one looking at it every day... tough choices, man!
@dennis mint all the way!
op2 imo is a sham compared to opo, and nothing but all about hype.  in my opinion they sacrificed a lot to put in the 810 processor.  i could ramble on about it, but won't. my 2 cents.  i want to try robin, who's builders have taken off and then some where op left off, and i do mean left off.  dennis, take a deep breath...robin, robin, robin!
onward nextbit.  build and ship robin so it will become the flagship of true enthusiasts as well as new fans.  wait for it folks.  it will be as awesome and unique as can be.  still debating on getting the mint to get people to ask what's that, but will likely follow my wife's pick of the midnight blue, more me, she says.  need some good will from her that i pay attention. ;)
@abe @dennis i too was first looking to buy a op2, but before long it became clear that that wouldn't be a good choice. this company however is run by professionals with a vision and a ton of experience who care about their costumers, as evidenced by their awesome interaction with us, instead of some dudes trying to create some 'hype'. i'm glad i found out about this project in august, and it's got my full support since the launch :)
imo. the current and perceived fan base on op is mostly late comers, people finally finding out about op and having missed op and want to get onboard.  most won't have opo to compare to op2, so it will be interesting to see how it develops, including the next release.
@abe whozit51 over there.  i've been promoting robin some and give op2 a thumbs down when i can. ;)
@abe i think that with the op2 their strategy went over the top, but despite that they still have a huge fan-base.  maybe a lesson nextbit can learn, don't let success go to your head.
woohoo! 900 thou!
@abe thanks for the clarification. i was working during the periscope so couldn't watch
@steven i'm pretty sure you've read a thread i've responded to. hahaha. op2 could have been awesome, but the company's direction and their stated vision don't match.
and somehowe you are well compensed for it, with a nice shirt
but i'm glad that some of them --- like you -- have seen the light
@abe i'm just reading a thread in the op forum, where they compare robin with op2. reading the comments i didn't know there are so many blind people out there :-)
@shane mobbs and @sathish kumar i just happened to be at the right place, right time (launch party periscope and an early adopter, who dmed @nextbit about the shirt and they hooked it up).
@dennis do you have an oneplus forum handle? i feel like you're one of the members who gave up on oneplus, like me.
@nextbit  in the near future, late summer 2016, i'm having a drink with a friend as he asks me, steven please can you finally share those legendary birthday-pictures with me you took a few months ago? as i look up the pictures in robin i notice they are stored in the cloud. at that moment will i be able to transfer them directly from the cloud-storage to my friends device. or the photos first have to be transferred from the cloud to local storage, and from local storage to my friends phone. and has time to pass by again until the photos are stored from local storage again to cloud storage?  i would opt for the first option, transfer directly from cloud storage without using local storage. but is that possible?
looks like we're one bacer away from 900 thou. congrats @nextbit!
oh.. ok... that's nice :)... thanks @shane
i saw some of the ones on instagram from the launch and they're nice @sathish. i'd love one. hint, hint, @nextbit. ;)
@sathish i believe nextbit was nice enough to send tees to a few of the really active commenters
i see a lot of chat about t-shirt... what is this about?
@abe i also discovered t-mobile is playing coy about it, simply saying band 4 is "currently" supported not giving any timelines or projections on how the aggressive band 12 expansion could or would affect band 4.  i'm starting to give some thought to the "hopeful" verizon rendition of robin.  at&t usage is not an option for me.  i tried it on st and couldn't get lte here.  at least nextbit is working on both band 12 volte and a verizon rendition.
@dennis i already pressured them to give me something and they shot me down pretending that they answered it. no information was disclosed, which is sad considering they're not longer a start-up company and should be able to explain their actions or lack thereof.
@abe chung  ah i get ya, i thought you meant a midnight/mint full color scheme like the white/mint, which i know was discussed below.  a full midnight/mint scheme would be nice, home button, volume buttons and top/bottom bezels mint...
@abe i get a feeling that op, unlike nextbit, will either ignore the volte band 12 issue or be forced to pull it.  i doubt the latter as they are a chinese based oem, and it has little overall impact for them. just my thoughts. i know several here have the opo and having passed on op2 are looking forward to the robin.  i should go see if my gifted t-shirt arrived today as well.  thanks for the gesture nextbit.
i like the mint\white color. it's something different. i'm wondering how the fingerprint scanner will work on the power button. i love the idea of having on the power button. will your print take the phone from sleep to unlocked?
this is awkward, it went back down. @chris frank, also, the midnight color has the mint home button from what i remember. it's not a new color scheme.
@michael chan yes, it is supported! we're showing the 1700/2100 on the list just as 2100. thanks for all your support in getting us to $900,000! we truly appreciate every single one of you. we also love interacting with you all, so keep the comments coming :)
passed 900000$ :)
$100,000 to go!
i always dock my phones at night / at my desk at home / at work. that's why i'm not bothered about wireless charging because i like the display facing me. so @nextbit if enough interest is shown, we can expect a dock at some point? awesome. everyone shout out :) poor robin needs all the accessories it can get because there won't be any third party ones any time soon / ever. also still gagging for another darker colour / high contrast variant - i want to go dark but midnight isn't working for me.
@abe chung  is that color choice a thing now?
on the campaign page it states that it works on wcdma 850/900/1800/1900/2100. however will it work on the wcdma aws (1700/2100) for the people in canada whom are on wind mobile? question was answered previously, but due to insecurity of it not being updated so i figure it better to clarify again.
i would also like the option of a dock, but my priority for accessories would be as follows: 1. case  2. tempered glass screen protector 3. dock @nextbit i hope you do not plan on using the standard kickstarter survey, this could end badly :-)
@nextbit: i second the idea of a potential dock as an accessory..i'm also liking the potential for a mint and navy blue/black color scheme that was mentioned.
t-101031
@mark schwacofer thanks for supporting, hope that helps with the wife! @neville chettiar we're still working on the possibility of a verizon version. we will have updates pretty soon. if it works out, we will definitely allow backers to choose which version works for them.
@nextbit just got the shirt. it's awesome and it just solidified my phone color choice: midnight robin with the mint button contrast is nice. thanks a bunch!
@sikander khan @rahul lakshmanan thanks @abe chung for responding! to confirm, yhere is no ir blaster in robin, so it cannot work as a remote control. @han jun kwang 1) the gallery does not support the raw component of .dng files. we are working to see if we can support the jpeg preview many cameras embed in the .dng, but we believe that is unlikely. 2) our hardware does support power delivery, but we will need to see how android allows us to implement before promising support. @jordan collins that's a great idea! if there's enough interest we will look into it. our usb port is on the bottom, so it is possible. @darko the led is white. great suggestion for future iterations! @jürgen k we are actively working on the answer to this!  we are working on getting a web interface ready for release, so that you can access your data from there. more details are coming soon, please stay tuned.
@nextbit, do we get a choice for the cdma version ?? trying to push nextbit in my circle of friends/family, but most of them are vzw users.
nice thoughts about what kind of product we are backed.  good to realize that the product we are talking about isn't even in production yet. no hands on reviews, or loads of other users like neighbours or colleagues that can recommend or discourage to buy this product. we are the first on this planet that will be able to use the product. and indeed we are taking a risk, invest our money in something that still has to prove itself. it's a uncomfortable feeling to deal with those risks, because, what if that camera really isn't what i expected to get?  well as i see it, that's all what ks is about, you can be the first to join a genius idea or you can be part of a big failure.  of course some doubts are passing my mind. does my actual phone still working in march when there is some delay, aren't we stuck in the first few month's with endlessly software updates to fine-tune the user experience, will the robin be as cool as i imagine.... but at the end i have enough confidence in nextbit that they do everything within their power and that they will put all imaginable effort in the realisation of a kick ass product. because well i don't think they get a second opportunity in this killing business the phone industry really is. so if they won't deliver to de ks-community well it will be soon game over. the only thing i'm looking for in the camera is, it still has to work properly after 14 months of use..... the camera of my htc one has failed big time, it won't capture any clear image anymore. and as the phone industry is killing, because of some hardware failures, i won't buy my next phone from the same company.
nextbit ty for our t-shirts love them.
@syke phank, you have the wrong phone then. lol. this phone is premised around the concept of smart cloud storage. so, by you saying that you won't use the cloud services, renders your vision for this phone incompatible with nextbit's. just my opinion though :).
@rahul it doesn't.
simple question @creator: how can i get access to my cloud data, if my robin is away (lost, stolen, destroyed)?
@rahul, i don't believe i have heard mention of an ir blaster but i'm sure @nextbit will confirm.
guys pls let me know if robin supports ir blaster
@joel york, you are right. i've been looking for a phone like this for a few times now and it does tick many boxes for me. i had an iphone 4, then a lumia 920 (which i would still be using if it weren't for battery issue) and an iphone 5s. i have been using the 5s for 10 month now and i just hate it. sure the battery life is great, it takes good pictures and it's simple to use, but i find apple ecosystem to restrictive and the small screen is really bothering me. so when i look a the specs of the robin, plus the screen size, the cloud storage (20x what apple is offering for free) and the open nature of the os, i can live with a few compromise like the absence of wireless charging and not having the best camera on the market. i understand that for some people these are deal breakers but when i look at the price of the device versus what it offers, it's not that big of a deal to me.
@lars, i'm with you on this. although as a nexus aficionado, i'm used to being a guinea pig for the early releases. i do want it to be stable and awesome from the get-go but i also have the manage that feeling with the fact that i want to be using the device asap. the masochist in me wants to just have the phone immediately and then get the software ota releases as soon as bugs are fixed. i guess i've been flashing experimental roms for too long at this point! for the average user who just wants a good, solid, stable working phone, it's important for nextbit to get us a release as close to 100% complete as possible.
@lars agreed!  can't wait for the robin to be shipped!
@joel @kristian indeed, that's exactly how i feel. there is no such thing as a perfect phone, for some people the robin might just not be the right phone, but to me, it stands out as something new, exciting, innovating while being more than capable of competing with the current market with its specs alone. also, these guys are very experienced, so when they say they are doing everything in their power to put out a finished product, you better believe them. i'd rather wait a month longer but get a finished phone than get some half-assed prototype, using your costumers and backers as testers when in fact they bought the phone is a complete dick move and something to be discouraged at all times. (i'm looking at you oneplus)
@joel york, i have to agree with you.  i would rather prefer a new and stable phone with proven tested technology.  stable phones tend to be far more reputable.  and in terms of risk, i'm assuming nextbit is trying to minimize the risk of releasing a beta/in-production phone with constant firmware upgrades...gotta go with long-term stability.
@benoit fortier, i think it's important to manage expectations for this device. my take on these things is that it is that for a sub $400 device, it is virtually impossible to tick every box for every person as we all have various deal breakers. for me, it's usually battery life and overall snappiness of performance. with robin, battery life is a bit of a risk for me given the size of the battery. overall snappiness should be fine due to the rom being most likely a light modification to aosp to allow for the additional cloud services. a decent camera is important as this is sometimes the only camera with me, but like you, i've got a specific high quality camera for better photos and video. if the hardware specs had not been locked down already (completely understandable), the only thing i really would have liked would have been wireless charging. maybe robin v2 will provide us with that.
i won't be using the cloud features, but i would use cyanogenmod. @nextbit get working on cyanogen on robin!
@joel york, i am 100% with you. i want this phone to take good photos and i believe @nextbit will do their best to achieve this, while keeping in mind, as you said, that this phone retail for 200$ lower than a s6. i generally use my phone to take on the go family pictures and videos. if i want to take more "professional" pictures, i use my dslr.
guys do we have ir blaster on robin?
@d'don no way, i'm not purchasing any addon's for my phone to address camera lighting issues. what i mean, is not the importance of flash. i mean the ability to produce little noise photos using the pdaf, and other software tuning. my curiosity lies more towards how much software tuning can actually bring up the quality on the current sensor. as i mentioned before, my intention is not for nextbit to upgrade their sensors, so please don't misunderstand my comment. my statement is to assess the reality of the camera quality, given the sensor and the unknown variable, which is the development team working on fine-tuning this sensor and the software responsible for processing the images. hope it turns out well!
@joel york you said it best, man!
i know we all want the best possible camera on this device but we do need to remember that nextbit has most likely used the best components available given the ultimate price of the device and the extremely narrow profit margins on these devices for all manufacturers (probably with the exception of apple). i am certainly expecting a competent camera and with the software tuning, this might even be a good camera. ultimately though, we can't expect it truly to be in the same league as a galaxy s6 - a phone that retails for over $200 more. what we can expect, however, is an innovative hardware design and the innovative cloud-centric rom.
inbuilt universal remote in possible???
@jason mcginty at the end of the kickstarter campaign, which is october 1.
@jason mcginty, usually happens after the funding deadline.  they will send a survey out which will ask you a couple of questions such as the color of phone you want, as well as shipping address.
any idea when we will be getting a email to provide our shipping address ?
@abe chung - lighting is obviously important in all media capture, whether video or photos. so, the iblazr 2 (kickstarter) could be an option, at least for low-light situations.
@yvonne here is an article and a video of someone who went to the event and shared his thoughts, go take a look! http://phandroid.com/2015/09/04/nextbit-robin-hands-on-first-impressions-video/
at the time of this posting, the amount pledged is $896, 690. the last four digits of my mobile are 6690. i think it's a sign. no, i take that back. i know it's a sign. let's hit that one million target! i want that quick charger! :d
just a thought, any backers went for the event to have a 'feel' of robin? how was it?
@andrew - i think phones have been released with pdaf for a little while now.  i think the previous galaxy s5 did, and many were critical of that camera.
so as an amateur photographer myself i'm very intrigued, especially when coupled with the ability for a phone to shoot in raw
regarding the camera for those that have doubts. some parts of it, like the sensor, may be a little mediocre, but keep in mind that the feature that keep mentioning - phase detection autofocus - that's something that is normally only found on high quality dslr cameras.
@abe i will say i have been very impressed with the level of communication that has gone on with the creators.  i just passed on an invite for the op2 because i just don't like the way that company operates and treats it's customers.  this company seems much more transparent. that said, the camera still is an issue.  nextbit has been very careful with the language they've used (and honestly i don't blame them) by saying things like they are going to get the best pictures they can out of their hardware (i.e. not the best pictures a phone can make, the best pictures this phone can make).  they obviously recognize the sensor they've chosen has its limitations.  i think perhaps they underestimated the importance of a great camera and are doing everything they can to mitigate the weak sensor.  i will have faith. as we know apple constantly produces great products with amazing software on top of the hardware.  let's hope for the best.
robin does not support wireless charging. but it has quick charge.
guys does robin support wireless charging?
@stephen han, i would argue that given all specs/features considered, their camera seems to be the weakest link. i actually think a 5.2" display phone with a 2,680 mah battery capacity is standard. i'm curious to figure out how much software tuning can boost up the low-light resolution capabilities on a samsung 3m2 13mp f/2.2 isocell sensor. this is the biggest issue, next to the volte band 12 certification process; however, @nextbit has been more than cooperative in informing it's backers that this band 12 volte is currently being certified and tested. again, thanks for your transparency. more than what i can say for oneplus, who is currently battling me in trying to justify their lack of transparency regarding the volte band 12 issue.
i'm all for a design forward open source android but if the camera is as mediocre as some folks are speculating, i can't see myself needing/using the cloud function much. others care to chime in?
@shane mobbs if we're referring to the same earlier question, i think that's only referring to *editing* photos, unless that includes just plain viewing too. :d i hope it's at least possible to browse... otherwise, nextbit may need to consider some kind of dng+jpeg output, like some of the cameras...
@abe i feel ya. @han i believe i read earlier that it won't have the ability to browse dng from the gallery. you'll have to use an app for those. not sure about your 2nd question.
1) will the default gallery browse dng photos as well? 2) assuming the current quick-charge spec is based on qualcomm's quickcharge, is there a likely chance (maybe not due to a hardware limitation?) that robin will adopt the usb power delivery spec once marshmallow lands?
@shane mobbs oh i know. i'm specifically addressing the easy workaround, rather than backing a campaign, receiving it, only to realize it's too unwieldy for the person and have it returned. :)
@abe the dimensions are in the specs list on the campaign page. just thought a direct comparison to the posters current phone may be more helpful. :)
haven't the dimensions already been revealed? @k5cent should be able to walk into a best buy and examine any similarly sized 5.2" phone (ie: galaxy s5) to determine whether or not the size would be a determining factor for the phone.
@anita oops. ha! hopefully @k5cent will chime in.
@shane wrong person but right intention :-) @k5cent perhaps you would like to answer
@anita what phone are you currently using? maybe we can give you an idea of how it will compare.
@stu thank you for digging that up, i also wanted to mention that obviously hardware faults are different.
@k5cents. found nextbist last comment on this. gg nextbit! creator nextbit 4 days ago @marcus henry yee  we feel confident about our abilities to push out a great phone. however, if there are any problems, you will be able to return your robin (we'll provide pre-paid shipping) to one of our service centers. we will have one in the us, europe, and asia. that does say problems rather than changing your mind though.
@k5cents this is a pledge not a store, so distance selling may not apply. they have given the dimensions, it could be worth getting some cardboard together to those dimensions and 150g for some idea. low tech idea to see if it'll work. otherwise, depending on your phone now it may not actually be a massive change and you'll get used it to. it certainly sounds small enough to fit in to pockets without an issue.
@k5cents this exact question was mentioned previously. i do not have the actual location of the conversation, but try scrolling down and checking to see if you find it with some keyword searches.
@k5cents i do not know about this specific campaign, but generally kickstarter campaigns do not have a return policy. since kickstarter is not an online shop, this makes sense. returns can be the end of a startup.
@nextbit working on a dock?
@nextbit, @creator what will the return policy be? i have backed the campaign but am afraid a phone of this size will be too large for my liking. if i receive the phone and decide i'm not a fan, what will my options be as far as a refund?
is the material used similar to the one used on htc one e8? at least the midnight blue looks so. if so, i have a problem with material.. the outer layer peels off itself. please make sure that's not case with robin.
@nextbit the phone design is perfect as it is, keep up the good work with the last remaining details!
@nexbit i have just a question about the led on the bottom. is that a multi-color led? because i love the notification on my nexus 5... green for whatsapp blue for mail... please build also a multi-color led in robin...
@ eugene just to clarify, there will be a survey where you will be able to choose the colour after the campaign has ended.   you will not be randomly assigned a colour :-)
@eugene, indeed. you'll get a message 1st of october to decide.
if we pledged $349, we would be assigned either midnight or mint but we couldn't choose which color, right?
@zhita: nano
micro or nano sim card for nextbit robin?
@ nextbit i see you responded earlier: "@abe we looked into this based on comments here last week and immediately asked our manufacturing partner to move forward with certification for volte band 12 on tmobile! we should be getting builds for internal testing that support volte band 12 as soon as next week."  look forward to an update.  thank you for pursuing this for the t-moble and their mnvo subscribers. and for pursuing a verizon (my 2nd choice) enabled rendition.  hopefully one or both will come into fruition.  nextbit you are really incredible for engaging and listening to your fan base.  i believe you are indeed committed to an awesome phone being delivered to your base.
+1 for a glass screen protector, they may be more expensive, but they offer so much more protection. also, i can't state this enough, love the transparency and interaction with you guys! you're so awesome!
@nextbit thanks for the quick reply! being an avid gamer i keep lots of game of size >1g in my phone. the cloud function is certainly very useful for me. thanks for providing this option to the mobile market!
on t-mobie volte band 12 also see: http://www.fiercewireless.com/story/t-mobile-hopes-deploy-lte-all-its-700-mhz-block-spectrum-year/2015-03-19
@michael i saw they put the volte band 12 issue to manufacturing and expecting builds next week.  i am watching this carefully myself, for at&t mnvo is not an option for me and verizon (still being addressed) is not preferred but could be, rather ting (t-mobile mnvo) is my current and favored provider. here's an interesting article including t-mobile's current and future coverage of band 12 and volte: http://www.fiercewireless.com/story/t-mobile-all-band-12-lte-devices-our-network-must-support-volte-e911/2015-08-28
@yvonne since the early prototype can not be used for a final verdict on the battery or the camera, a review is not possible during the campaign imo. still great to have you on board, i have also jumped on the early adopter spot yesterday from a higher tier.
@shane mobbs the symbol looks to me like a google account profile picture, considering it's a 'google phone' it seems like the most logical explanation that once you've logged into google on your phone your google profile picture will appear there.
@rogerm - the t-mobile volte issue, put simply, is that in order to make use of lte band 12, or 700 mhz, on their network, it has to be certified to work with their volte technology, which is said to be a rather arduous task for manufacturers not selling through t-mobile (aka unlocked phones).  this means that even though band 12 is available for use on a phone, unless it has the specific volte drivers for t-mobiles network, if the lte area you're in is band 12, the best you'll get is 3g.  this is a major issue for a company that touts no contracts, and attracts people with other companies' products (aka unlocked phones) which most likely will not be volte compliant to make full use of its hardware.  this was a recent issue with a motorola device, and no one really is addressing the issue, but basically, if the phone manufacturer does not want to go through the volte approval process, band 12 lte usage is not possible with t-mobile.
managed to jump in the wagon with a free early adopter starter slot. robin looks great! i'm taking a risk and hoping that robin will be on par or at least perform better than nexus 5. i look forward for an update review on camera and robin's overall performance (e.g. battery life). any idea when will this be released? :)
i don't think i'll even take a screen protector, i'll take a case. my galaxy s2 doesn't have a single scratch after all these years...  doesn't a glass protector add a lot of weight?
it's so cool to see you guys as a company creating this phone! it's great to see so much passion and a drive to do something so different. i wish i could somehow contribute to the team! but regardless you guys are doing everything right for social media and marketing! i'm unbelievably excited to see this phone succeed! :d
@vincent even our verizon compatible version would be sold unlocked through us, not through verizon. this will allow us to keep our no bloatware promise (as well as to deliver the phone and any software updates much quicker).
i just read your comment on the possibility of a verizon compatible phone where you said this. "@giacomo if we can enable a verizon model we will let all existing pledgers choose that version along with the color choice etc at the end of the campaign, however, we may also add a separate pledge tier if we can't guarantee the same shipping time as the original model so people aren't surprised, still figuring out the details of all of this, stay tune" i hope it will be available even if i have to wait a few months more as i get a good cheap plan i can afford as a senior. by the way what's this volte band 12 t@-mobile? comment"s are getting on here faster than i can keep up with. so it sounds like the speakers are going to be great for music that you can hear,  i hope, if so a big thank"s !
even i saw reviews of the phones using 13mp samsung 3m2xxm5 isocell.  they are average in good light and pretty bad in low light.. please @creator hope we have a better camera
+1 for tempered glass screen protector
i understand that you are still unsure about the verizon version of this phone, but regarding that: we all know that verizon is known for loading on bloatware, but as that seems to clash with one of your team's main goals, what is the likelihood that this verizon version will still be bloatware-free? if verizon refuses to allow the phone without bloatware, will you guys refuse verizon and stick only to a gsm version in order to maintain this minimal, bloat-free component? thanks in advance!
we will release the exact pantone and other color information in a future update, but to my eyes at least "mint" is a pretty good description for the phone (the other is a very dark blue that looks black except in very well lit areas) ... i will ask the designers chime in here once they are back in the office!
has anybody figured out what the little icon is to the right of the clock in the status bar?
@jack huang, not this iteration, but possibly on the next. also, @dennis lol yeah, i know. :) except you pull the same chain every time. pull a different chain ;) this phone is coming out to be quite a pleasant package. now only to handle the camera low-light issue. as @nextbit said, i wouldn't mind waiting 2 weeks longer if it means that they are fixing that issue with software updates. i would really like to see camera2 api installed on this iteration, with some fantastic coding for the phase auto detection to address the low-light problems found in the other phones sporting this camera sensor.
@shane mobbs differentiate and still keep the consistency of the adjectives.
@dennis i'm almost positive i'm picking mint. i use ios and android. i already have a dark iphone, so i want to go with something more vibrant for android this time around.
@shane mobbs oh, i see, then that would make sense because robin egg blue is actually about the color of the mint robin. i think mint probably fits better, and since there's already a blue in midnight blue, they probably did so to differeniate the two. especially considering the adjectives, (midnight) blue, and (mint). anywho, i'm sure nextbit will respond to you soon.
i was going to get the mint because it would catch people's attention and they would then ask what is that, but i showed them to my wife (who i recently outed myself to on facebook) and she said the midnight blue was more me. :)
any possibility of making the phone water resistant/dust proof with an ipx rating? thanks.
@d'on the reason i asked is because on sites that have seen the phones in person say the mint is blue. one even called it robin's egg blue.
@shane mobbs randomly chiming in. maybe they're referring to the midnight blue robin. it's weird to even consider the mint one as blue when the color really is very remininiscent of the color that's representative of mint.
@nextbit just curious, why did you guys choose to call the color mint when most sites that have handled one say it's blue?
@nextbit had a busy work weekend so didn't get back to you. but yes. i would love as many custom icons as you can, or at least round ones to match the shape of your custom ones. i'm a stickler for uniformity on my homescreen and hate that google allows free shaping of icons.
also voting for tempered glass screen protector! even better if it's matte / anti-glare / anti blu-ray.
first time on kickstarter with you nextbit! can't wait to get my hands on my robin!
onward to $1m.  i want the charger, i'm cheap!
well said @ d'don, i wholeheartedly agree.  if more only knew or realized the awesomeness robin has and will has it grows.
@nextbit yes, thanks for answering all my questions. i'm super excited for robin. i can't get over how well designed the robin is. it packs all the features i want. i love the launcher, and i love the creative spin on expanding storage with the intelligent cloud system. android has been needing some innovation for a long time now. and it looks like you all have covered every base of that with robin.
i just ordered a moto x 4 days ago.  i own a nexus 6.  i've been looking all over for my next phone, since i'm a t-mobile customer, that would comply with their new band 12 volte requirements!  it's next to impossible to get a straight answer from either manufacturers or t-mobile.  but reading through these comments, it's clear to me that this phone is completely looking to the future!  marshmallow, which will support wi-fi calling natively, hopefully will be another bonus t-mobile customers can look forward to with this!  either way, this is the only other unlocked phone, other than the nexus 6, that is completely compatible with band 12 for any kind of real use.  i also love the fact that i found all of this out through a kickstarter page and nextbit themselves, who have all been transparent and open on every issue anyone could have.  this lets me know they have a very bright future ahead.  this is really an awesome phone, and i'm proud to be a part of making it happen!
@d'don (1) yes, absolutely; (2) that's what we hear, but honestly it is too soon for us to know for sure, so we'll have to see (crossing our fingers!)
@nextbit thanks. i have these two questions as well. i sent them as messages to you, but you can reply instead if it's more convenient. question about qualcomm quick charging 2.0, android m, & usb type-c. _________________________________________________ this is stated of usb type- c via c-net, "more importantly, your device will charge faster thanks to the new usb connection (usb type-c)." question (1) with usb type-c and qualcomm quick charge 2.0, will the robin charge even faster than micro usb ports? _______________________________________________ this is stated about android m's support for usb type c, "the new version of android will support usb type-c for quicker charging. android phone and tablet users will be able to charge their devices up to three to five times faster courtesy of the upcoming version of android and support for the new usb type-c port" -additionally, android m was said to increase battery life on the nexus 6 w/ android m vs. lollipop by double. question (2) with android m, also help with battery life (you may or may not know this one right now, but i figured i'd ask anyway)?
@d'don (1) we are hoping to ship with marshmallow or update to it within weeks if we can't, so we don't know the image size yet, but it will be virtually the same as the nexus; (2) it is 2680mah, we are optimizing both in terms of making smart decisions on specs, as well as with being clever with software (and this will be something we will continue working on once we ship).
@nextbit 1) you all mentioned on the campaign page the the nextbit robin is bloat-free. so out of 32gbs, how much storage can we actually use on the robin? 2) secondly, about the battery. is it a 2680 mah or a 2780 mah? i only ask because there's a hands on video floating around that states 2780. also, you mention long battery life on the campaign page, is there any special optimization for that battery life? or is it strictly reliant on the screen size, battery capacity, and display resolution?
another voice for a tempered glass screen protector. have used these on my last 3 or 4 devices. also, @nextbit, while i understand the desire to get fully complete and bug free software out to us backers, i'd certainly like to receive the device as soon as possible and then have you push out ota updates for some of the more refining details (such as the camera tuning). then again, as a nexus guinea pig, that's just my usual experience! thank you.
@abe i'm a just pullin' your chain. ;) i can't allow you to have all the fun.  no contest for me, being my daily driver.
this kind of feedback truly makes the backers feel like they are a part of the process, and makes me appreciate the hard work that goes into a startup ... loved hearing that the speakers include amps :)
don't mind being a fanboy i want as my daily driver.
thanks guys! we love the community here, it really energizes us!
@nextbit: thanks for taking the time to answer questions! looking forward to more info as it becomes available
@abe, i knew you would become a fanboy! ;)
keep on keepin' on nexbit!  doing an awesome job both in ks pledges and communication to consumers and fans.
this is great news. now, if the camera low light issue is resolved, this will most likely be my daily driver for the foreseeable future!! thanks so much for your transparency! i actually really appreicate the support and urgency to address any and all issues presented by your backers!!!
@giacomo if we can enable a verizon model we will let all existing pledgers choose that version along with the color choice etc at the end of the campaign, however, we may also add a separate pledge tier if we can't guarantee the same shipping time as the original model so people aren't surprised, still figuring out the details of all of this, stay tuned! @marcus sure, good suggestion, we will release more information re colors soon, stay tuned! @abe yes, we looked into this based on comments here last week and immediately asked our manufacturing partner to move forward with certification for volte band 12 on tmobile! we should be getting builds for internal testing that support volte band 12 as soon as next week.
definitely a tempered glass screen protector.
sounds pretty unanimous,  but just in case, definitely go tempered glass screen protector
wait, just so we're on the same.page, robin supports volte band 12 certification on tmobile????
i vote for glass screen protector
i'm happy to see your tweaking the volume of the speakers. i use my phone for music alot. that's always been okne of my biggest complaints, not enough volume from speakers and headphones. i recently purchased the moto x play. and to my surprise they boosted volume.
tempered glas is the best protection your screen can get. has saved me money in the past. much cheaper to replace than a digitizer. aplied by nextbit  would be nice but not necessary. you can easily apply it yourself and without bubbles.
i think that the robin is going to hit $900,000 in funding by tomorrow night :)
@creator. (just repeating to make sure the question doesn't get lost). could you guys list the actual pantone or ral colors that you guys are using for both robin devices? i like the images in the pictures and renders here (the cmf and form is pretty dope), but the hands on photos posted online make the phone look a lot different (especially the midnight blue color). i know things can change from evt to dvt to pvt, but could you at least hint at what set of colors you're looking at? thanks
@nextbit just to clarify, what you are saying is that if a verizon model bacame available you would have to get it through a separate pledge? does this mean i would lose my spot as one of the first 1000 backers? so i would have to pay 50$ more and wouldn't get the very special sim tray? or would you be able to select for a verizon model through your existing pledge?
yeah after  max audio on my one plus one i really hope robin has it otherwise i'll have to find a way to get it on my new mint robin
i've asked our engineers if they can tweak the volume settings to make sure robin can go to 11 ...
wow amps in the speakers! fingers crossed for maxxaudio support..
@abe yes, we are getting certification for band 12 on t-mobile
@rl an increase in the number of pixels does not guarantee higher quality images. in fact, more mp can lead potentially lead to lower image quality (especially in low light) due to a reduced signal to noise ratio. in essence, a higher mp image will appear grainier because the signal (light) has to be distributed amongst more pixels than if it were a lower mp. however, an increase an mp allows for better detail if zooming in is required. @nextbit may be able to chime in for a more informed response.
@kaspar (1) yes, you can choose not to upload photos to our service (2) yes, robin supports 4g in hong kong @noorulabdeen (1) the shipping fee does include vat and similar taxes (in canada's case, the goods and services tax), there is just no way to show separate line items in kickstarter so we include it all under "shipping"; (2) there is gps and a magnetometer (for enabling compass applications), we do plan to ship with the google apps which includes google maps, but we don't plan to pre-install a compass application (many great ones are available on google play) @almog we will release more information about the speakers this week, but have already announced that in addition to having two speakers, we also have two amps (one for each speaker) for great sound!
@abe, @creator, really use samsung 3m2 f/2.2 aperture 13 mp, i saw some reviews (phones with this sensor) very poor at night and low light. hope will come better with robin after fine tuning. (samsung 3m2 f/2.2 aperture like also come with 16 mp, why dont use 16mp or not the same size?)
i hope the camera will be able to support camera2 api after the fine tuning. also, i would like to know if t mobile's volte band 12 support will be certified. sooner than later, preferably. thank you in advanced!
@almog the camera sensor is samsung 3m2 f/2.2 aperture 13 mp, ones found in doogee phone and oppo r7.
@nextbit shipping to canada, does it include custom/import charges already or will that be separate? would be nice to know ahead of time :)
one quick question about the gps : is there a built-in gps that we can use without having any data, or is there an app preinstalled by @nextbit , or we just have a sensor that can display our location?  also is there a built-in compass? with an included app or just the sensor is included?
@nextbit hi again. i read your comment about your camera and i wanted to tell you : yes i can wait a few weeks if you decide to tune the camera :). it's the only weakness so far on the phone that i was able to read. except the camera, your phone will be a killer!!!! :) let's cross fingers for the camera tune ! and thank you for taking account of our concerns and questions, it's really nice to feel that we are, at our level, participating in the process. the others manufacturers should learn that lesson :)
thank you for the quick response. another question: can you give any more details about the speakers? and the camera? what sensor is going to be used?
i love this phone's design so much! was originally waiting for nexus (for 2 years) but robin makes me very tempted to jump boat.  @nextbit some question though...is it possible to choose to just upload apps but not photos? a bit concern about privacy. sorry if this is answered before. also quoting @wallace 's question,does robin support the 4g in hong kong and china?
@norman (1) yes, the camera will have manual controls; (2) while we offer the ability to save the dng, we do not have a dng editor at this time
@j. s. i think that missed calls and texts warnings will have a more powerful appearance as - another led on the bottom tells you when have important notifications -  the 4 tiny lights are a subtle visualisation of the connection with the cloud. i agree that  at moments there is no connection with the cloud the possibilities are endless for those tiny lights, i just see it as a nice gimmick and i'm glad there is another led for notifications.
@almog we will release more information about the special sim tray later on in the campaign ... actually, pretty soon, so please stay tuned! and yes, we will get your address at the end of the campaign along with your color choice etc.
@nextbit: regarding the camera tuning and the capability of shooting raw images...will the camera have manual controls and/or a built-in dng editor?
@nextbit great. thanks for the response and clarifying that.
i appreciate if you could provide us screen protector (glass) and flipcover please. thanks! sikander
what special sim tray and very special sim tray means? in addition just to make sure, the address should be provided only when the campaign is over?
the more i see pictures with your team members in it @nextbit, the more i want one of those shirts. happy holidays everybody.
@d'don (a) users will have the ability to "pin" applications to robin that they want to make sure are never offloaded, i.e., you can always make sure certain things stay local; (b) because robin backs-up when you are on wi-fi and plugged-in/charging, it can always downsample backed-up photos and remove apks that are backed-up at anytime, even if offline (since the upload already happened while you were backing up). this is to make sure you will always be able to take a photo or a video, even if offline, and even if you would otherwise be out of space.
@nexbit reasking these questions. this is a quote gsmarena's article of the robin, and i just want to clarify it: statement: "everything that matters to you will be kept offline, while everything else will be pushed from the cloud upon request." question: so can we choose what apps or media we want to offload to the cloud? or do we have to wait till robin's intelligent cloud system does so after so long of usage? lastly, this statement from the kickstarter page: statement: "robin intelligently removes apps and photos you haven’t used in a while - even if you’re offline." question: can you please clarify this for me? so robin can removed apps without being online? please clarify that, because it's a bit confusing to me.
@steven i like that idea. i mean even having those light up in a certain color when a specific contact calls or text would be awesome.
@nextbit, i do have a lot of trust in your ability to set realistic timelines and as others have mentioned i also appreciate that you would prioritze camera tuning if time really became an issue :-)
@nextbit, well said. rather have the full-feature version phone than a rushed one if necessary. @steven maybe send red laser beams into the sky in case of tricky survival situations in the wild and out of flares? possibilities are endless!
@nextbit @kua second that.  plastic if i have to do it myself.  glass pre-applied would be awesome.
there's been a lot of discussion about making our timeline this morning. @anita and others, we understand your concern. we know people have been burned before. in the risks and challenges section we outline a little of what we've done. but i'll elaborate some here. - the majority of our team have not just shipped products, but shipped smartphones before. we understand what can go wrong and we know how to make things go right. - we are working with the best known engineering and manufacturing company there is. foxconn. they are experienced and reliable. - we are already doing what you all suggest and building on lollipop. we will ship with marshmallow if time allows and we get the rtm bits from google early enough, otherwise we will issue an ota update for m. - about the only thing we can see delaying our timeline other than a catastrophe is camera tuning. there's been a lot of concern about camera quality in these comments (and rightfully so, everyone wants a great camera on their phone). if our camera tuning partners decide they need a few more weeks, we're pretty sure you'd all prefer a better camera even if it meant waiting.
well what about the - four tiny lights on the back - , i can imagine about a lot of fun things you can do with that besides the confirmation that robin is connected with the cloud. i don't know if the lights wil be white or colored? (a strech idea to use color lights?). - use it a a disco light while playing music - knight rider effect to warn you that you have to hurry up to get on time for your next meeting - send morse code light signals into space to cumminicate with aliens - us it as a timer while playing a quiz, or sport (during a minute the lights shut down one by one..or as a tabata timer) -... .. any other suggestions?
@nextbit either of glass/plastic works fine for me. my only concern is not being able to put it on without there being any air bubble below; would be awesome if the phone ships with the screen protector already on it! ;)
@nextbit sweet! also, my vote on the screen protector subject would be glass
@stefan thanks! we already have something a little like that planned. you'll see soon. it'll be fun.
@nextbit glass screen protectors would be the best.
older questions we didn't get to: @vann it would be possible to do such thing, but it would have to run on your phone. however remember that any space you use storing photos from other services will limit the amount of extra storage space your phone would have. it's your choice. maybe you've never had more than 32gb on your phone before. but it is something you should be aware of before you start building a script or app. @pushkar we investigated this option but decided that in order to provide a consistent quality of service, robin will only work with nextbit's own servers.
@nextbit my suggestion that was lost in the flood below was to maybe a create a competition for case designs, and the winning one (by community votes) could be added to your collection in the future? some people may be up for that! however, it may be a bit of a hassle if you guys are really busy (probably are). but anyway, just putting it out there!
@creator - tempered glass screen protectors are the only way to go.
@kua yes, we will definitely offer screen protectors as well. one thing we'd love to hear from you all is if you prefer the glass or the plastic kind. we'll try to offer both, but in the case we can only offer one, we're listening!
@lars @norman @steven we will absolutely have a space for the community to keep discussing things. we'll leave this ks thread open for a while until we can provide a space we think is great and will last us all for a while. we'd miss you all too much just to say "here's your phone, goodbye," plus staying in touch with you all is much more our style (obviously).
@nextbit greetings from the other side of the world (already 1am where i am at)! i understand the designs for the cases will be made known this week - provided i had read (and remembered) correctly? may i know if screen protectors will also be one of the accessories made available? thanks in advance!
good morning comment section, you all are having such a lively conversation that i'm afraid i might miss some of the questions that need answering this morning. keep chatting away, we love to see what you're all talking about! but if you don't get an answer, it's not because we're ignoring. it's because your question got lost. please ask it again if you haven't gotten an answer.
@didodido yes, we support aptx with hbr streaming.
@leo @giacomo we are working with our engineering partners evaluating the possibility of a verizon model now. we will have an answer well before this ks campaign ends and in the case that we can offer it, you will be able to switch your pledge to the verizon version. it will be exactly the same except for the cdma and lte banding
@kua k. t - lucky you, lol
@steven i see, i see. thanks steven for the response
@giovanni maybe next gen , but they have to get this one out first and this phone will not work with verizon or sprint
@lars @norman +1 to have a beyond ks forum where we can continue contribute
@d'don washington. my impression is that the software to put apps and photos in the cloud is fully operative. for other data it seems like that there is still work in progress. and i supose that over time (when we are all happily using our robin) more functionallity is added, so at the end you can costumize the cloud-function for your personal needs. as they stated before: "we are working out all the online storage and phone storage backup, answers to come very soon! photo backups are already integrated." and as you noticed, on the campaign page they announce: "robin backs up your apps and photos"  "you are free to change the online storage settings on your device depending on your needs."
have been quietly following all the comments on here all this while, and was kicking myself for not knowing about robin earlier when i saw that all 1000 sets for early adopters were fully taken...but as luck would have it, someone just gave up his/her spot, and i managed to get my hands on it! am so excited about it now and can't wait for it to arrive! :d
@giacomo cetorelli: i believe they stated they would look into verizon in the future, i don't think they said a robin with verizon support would appear on this kickstarter.
@braden tibbles, see the faq on the campaign page: our shipping cost reflects both the actual shipping and vat costs. unfortunately, we can’t show these as separate line items, so it’s reflected in the higher total shipping cost you see as a backer.
@kevin de boeck: where di you get this info? duties is determined by customs.. i don't see how that would be included in the shipping fee. to my knowledge that is solely for shipping. i'd expect another $70 cad or so for customs like i paid with my one plus one.
@lars...agreed. also, i think it's great that next bit has been so communicative throughout this process. continuously taking into account suggestions, concerns and even complaints from consumers should be important to any company.
after this campaign i, and i'm sure many others, would love to see some official forums where we can continue discussing, giving feedback and interacting with you! it would be a great step forward in creating this nextbit community.
would love to see a transfer app from other platforms and manufactures like the smart switch app for samsung,
boy do i look forward to show of robin. making fun of the "design icon" thats iphone by showing what a really beautiful phone should look like. just hoping they opt for a safe rather than small fingerprint sensor. it has plenty of room at the back.
@aaron: the $38 includes fees and duties. what you see is what you get. no hidden costs.
@mark no, nextbit previously stated that a verizon model was coming.
one there is no verizon model and two usb c shouldnt effect the ability to quick charge. this phone only works on tmobile and att.
was wondering if the $38 shipping to canada includes any import fees/duties already? i'm assuming it doesn't, but i just wanna have myself better prepared in terms of how much i'm going to be paying extra at the door when it arrives.
@nextbit and if the money we contributed to the kickstarter couldn't be used towards the verizon model, would we still have to pay the full price ($400) even if we were one of the first 1000 backers? (who should get it $100 off)
@leo @nextbit i have the same question. and also, would the verizon model be released after the kickstarter model? if so, how much later?
how can it use quick charging even usb-c?
you mentioned on your faq section that a verizon model is in the works, however, it would be after this kickstarter has been fulfilled. if i, a verizon customer, were to contribute to the campaign for a robin, could it be credited towards the next gen model?
@steven thanks. i got that. but there keeps being such a throw around of multimedia. in the kickstarter video it says you can keep your photos, songs, videos, and apps (not to necessarily say it's being backed up in the cloud). then, i've heard photo and apps being thrown around. but there has also been mention of high def video. so, i'm trying to get a complete clarification from then on what they consider multimedia for cloud storage since  multimedia is defined as: the inclusion of a combination of text, audio, still images, animation, video, or interactive content forms. so, it's confusing because photos itself can't be defined solely as multimedia. and if it's just backing up apps (which is actually convenient in saving space on your smartphone), and photos, then i feel like the cloud backup isn't being completely utilized for space constraints as it could be.
@anita, agreed. prefer to not rush it out early though, and release a premium, well-built one out on time. time will tell :)
@stu, i thought about that 10 minutes ago and did so. :) . i just need them on the same invoice, it's a company phone.
@stefan mansson, i hope so too since this is a product that devalues with each month it is shipping late. i do trust the creators that they will do everything possible to ship on time, but early delivery is something i think they can not promise.
rik, get your 'wife' to make another account to pledge on?
@anita, i think @nextbit should definitely push early ones by jan following feb with the rest. don't think they would want a bad starting image in the industry like one plus with their one, which was a big mess. they must of thought it out quite well i hope!
does it support apt-x codec for bluetooth musci streaming? does it support 24bit music streaming?
i just saw an early adapter being freed up so i took it :) . i had the double pack before so my pledge has descended (stupid you can't take a 2nd selection) unfortunatly enough. i hope i still can get one with a special sim tray for my wife, would be a pitty otherwise.
@saklas: when you look at the timeline, i think production before christmas will not be possible due to the manufacturing timeline, not software. honestly i do not even fully trust the february timeline purely on the premise that this is kickstarter :-)
@haydee no its not waterproof
@d'don washington, for your last question. nextbit replied earlier:  all apps and photos are backed up any time you are charging and connected to wi-fi. so yes. that way if you're not connected to the network when you are running out of space, robin can still manage your storage for you. @haydee lp, no it isn't
sorry if this has been asked, but is it water resistant?
sorry that this questions may be asked, but i still want to confirm if robin support the 4g in hong kong and china?
these statements are quoted from gsmarena's article of the robin, and i just want to clarify them? statement: "everything that matters to you will be kept offline, while everything else will be pushed from the cloud upon request." question:  so can we choose what apps or media we want to offload to the cloud? or do we have to wait till robin's intelligent cloud system does so after so long of usage? i ask because i may decide i don't need certain apps a certain week,and want to manually get rid of them for the week, then use them again later. i remember a statement saying 6 months, but that may be too long a wait, at least for me. statement: "the os will backup everything in the cloud - multimedia, apps, and data. " question: what does multimedia include exactly? this statement is from the actual campaign page here on kickstarter: statement: "robin intelligently removes apps and photos you haven’t used in a while - even if you’re offline." question: can you please clarify this for me? so robin can removed apps without being online? please clarify that, i just want to make sure i understand that.
@nextbit it'd be great if the next stretch gift is an option between a case and a tshirt. that way the phone+case backers are not annoyed.
@nextbit it is mentioned that the capability to shoot raw images will be possible. does this mean robin will have manual controls and a built-in camera app (rather than using a desktop or third party app)?
relooking at all the go-live dates of the other phones; i could see that robin is facing immerse pressure to launch/ship earlier. taking the same arguement as using the 808 vs the 810...would nextbit consider putting in full focus for this to work on lollipop and attempt to push start ship date to be before xmas? that would most likely help with the take up rate.
midnight with mint will look awesome.please consider this option too along with the other too
if you can, could you let us know an eta time when you plan to reveal morencamera details of the low light camera quality?
since this phone will come with 100gb cloud storage, is it possible to build a tool that will pull photos from other services (flickr,icloud, box,dropbox) to nextbit robin cloud storage?
is it possible to make the backup destination more generic? i have a nas and would like to use it for backup.
my wife would probably  be amazed and buy a robin if  i stuck with the phone for a whole year. i think i can i think i can......
a nice screen protector might be nice.. but i can never get them on without bubbles so i usually go to the mall and get a zagg put on.
@jc strout... i had asked the same question once. they said that it will not ship rooted. we can root it with bootloader and it will not void the warranty. however cloud storage will not work along with cutom roms...
@creator... since you have mentioned ui will be as close to stock android as possible. does that mean we can have multiple profiles on the phone? if so, how will the cloud storage work with that? also, if multiple profiles are allowed can we have different fingerprints mapped to different profiles?
here's a question, forgive me if it's been asked already... does the device ship rooted? the campaign mentions unlocked bootloader and supporting custom roms, but does the stock rom ship with root, or an easy way to gain root access?
@j.s. i hear ya..the note 4 is good (battery, microsd, screen) but bloatware, touchwiz and lack of updates are annoying. i have an iphone 6 plus as a work phone and i'm just amazed at how incredibly smooth the ui is--proof that insane specs are only half the battle. but if not for my job buying it i wouldn't have spent the $800 dollars for an unlocked phone. robin definitely seems like a well rounded phone and that's why i backed it early
@norman the note 4 is a great phone all around (too big for my taste though). i just want a phone that does not have the two things i hate about mine, camera(no words to decribe how bad the photos are) and battery (3-3.5 ost). and robin seems like an well rounded phone.
@j.s. ahh i misread your post! i'm coming from a note 4 with an 801 as well and it still has good performance...
yew! i know i'm probably a few days late. australia ftw! thanks guys
@norman i said i see no issue with those two. i have a moto x 2014, and it has an 801 and it's fast i have no problems with performance, so the 808 can only be better.
@j.s. whats wrong with an sd 808? qualcomm's best chip given the issues with overheating on the sd 810...i think robin has been in development too long to switch to the not yet released sd 820. the exynos is another option but don't know if samsung outsources it.
@nextbit, can't wait to see what you guys come up with when you have such legendary designers over there! you guys should have like a little competition on case designs and create the winning one to add to the collection, think a few people would be up for that!
@js thanks! we definitely understand how important it is to you and all backers. that's we're investing so much in it. honestly it means that much to us too. many of us are designers, or creative, or just people who love to take tons of pictures.
@nextbit. thanks. is just that photo quality is one of the most important attributes on a phone next to battery life and performance. the other two i see no issues the phone having a 2,650mah battery and an sd 808.
@rishi we are on the same wavelength, but we know configuring profiles is only for expert users, so we are looking at ways to make things like that more automatic and seamless. @norman, we're a california company, so a screen that works well in sunlight is important to us.the screen is pretty bright and should be just as viewable as some of the best similar phones - at least by comparing specs. and we love the ongoing case discussion. we'll be sharing more by next week, but i can promise you now there will be several to choose from with varying degrees of heft and protection. i think the majority of you will be happy based on the discussion you've been having.
@anita: thx
@nextbit: will the screen be (somewhat) visible when in direct sunlight? also, will there be some sort of oleophobic coating?
@kevin hahah fair enough! i'm completely the opposite, prefer open cases. lets hope @nextbit will make a few alternatives to pick from. also interested to see how they will create space on the case for the fingerprint sensor with such a thin thickness
previous comments - tl;dr.  here's a feature request - because you are dealing with apps backed up in the cloud, i would love to see profiles coming up. travel profile can get the 'on the move' related apps, work profile can get the office related apps etc.  let the chosen profile manage the apps you wanna have on phone. it's gonna be easy to manage. and obviously the apps can then be categorised (multiple categorises allowed).
@steffen: yes, germany is a supported country. for the full list, please look at the faq section (first question).
@stefan: that would look verry sweet indeed. i prefer flip covers because i'm rather clumsy and need them for keeping my phone safe.
can this phone be used in other countries? specially in germany?
@nextbit @kevin im dreaming of a case similar to the iphone 5/5s candy sheer cases by belkin. here is a picture: http://i.imgur.com/wqcelvp.jpg would love something like that for the midnight version, a dark midnight semi-transparent back with a mint accent ring around the phone. damn that would look sweet!
@ js apologies it's sunday morning and we need coffee. and brunch. we are spending quite a bit of money and working with very well known camera tuning services to make sure our camera takes the best pictures it possibly can. i realize that we have been very open about our partners here on kickstarter, but we cannot give you more details than that. @rl stay tuned, we're working on something fun for backers. meanwhile... we do not support mhl (it's pretty deprecated now), we do support wifi sharing since that is built into android.
i'm dreaming of a mint case with a midnight robin. maybe since you can't change the color of the phone you can use the case to get some more colors out there. you should definitely play with mint, white and midnight. make cases with different lay out, different patterns. get that designer of yours to work work work... ;-)
so no answer on the camera...
@nextbit, please add mint cross midnight special for backers only. and will robin support mhl and share wi-fi
@andrew steven yes of course. accelerometer, gyro and magnetometer are all included
to start making hardware changes at this point would mean greater delays in getting the phomemout to us backers. i have backed alot of things on crowdfunding and one thing i know is changes equal more and more delays which means backers get more annoyed. so u can't have it both ways. the robin is more than sufficient for anyone of the backers needs. if it wasn't we wouldn't have backed it. personally i say use what u have and make it the best experience u can for us.
i'm sure someone has posted this previously, accelerometer equipped? also being an early backer, i feel like i got a new "nexus 5" for cheaper! since specs for new n5 are so similar!!!
thanks for all the stretch goal suggestions! keep them coming. you all are correct that it's too late in the design process to change any of the specs (although we kept trying for a while, much to the anger of our engineering and manufacturing partners). in the interest of transparency, we were advised many times to hold certain features we were including in robin back from the initial story of the phone so we could add things we already had in as easy hardware stretch goals. that may have been fun for you, but that didn't seem fair. first it was flat out dishonest. ugh. second it would have made robin less interesting and appealing. so our stretch goals have to be something we can provide with robin, not changes we can make to it. we really appreciate how you've respected that fact and are telling us things you'd like to be added to the offer. we are watching all your suggestions. we are also watching all your hardware requests, so we can consider them for whatever we build after robin. even though we can't accommodate them now, they are not being ignored.
@jérémy we too will provide at least 2 years of software updates for robin.
@steven you are on our wavelength. we are trying to avoid settings about how we manage local storage by making space intelligently. so this means, yes, that the apps you haven't opened for the longest time are the first to get offloaded. the same goes for pictures. with (anonymized!) usage data we can continue adding more intelligence to the system so that if you open an app regularly but infrequently, we can try to have it's there when you need it and account for other scenarios.
just checking in.. almost 2500 backers great job
@anita, yes, you're probably correct! :)
@nextbit hi again. i have another question : how long do you plan to support your phone (i mean its software)? the average for premium phones nowadays is 2 years software support. what about you? thanks
@andrew: that would probably cannibalize the $399 tier that includes the case.
the back camera you'll use it's the same as dogee f3, oppo r7 and vivo x5 propro and it seems more than adequate in perfect light conditions but in low light they suffer a lot of blur, noise, and color loss. are you doing something software or hardware related to take better low light photos?
@nextbit, how about a case for a stretch?
love the t-shirt idea for a stretch goal, since hardware design is final :-) i have also backed for the case without even knowing what it looks like. hopefully it will live up to the phone design...
i read the verge article. 7mm thickness, impressive.
this phone may just make me switch to android from apple.. im still backing this even if im on an iphone though. :-) goodluck!!
thats dedication responding on a sunday wish all companies were so
@kevin de boeck we appreciate all our backers and we know the best way to show that is to be as open and honest as we can with all of you :) @works yes, robin will work with volte depending on our support for your mobile network. @stefan mansson thanks for your suggestions! we appreciate all feedback. @ranu there's a lot of tradeoffs when designing a device, including led display.  we could probably talk all day about what features should make it and what shouldn't. here's an article where we discuss some of the design decisions we've made: http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/1/9232897/nextbit-robin-smartphone-design-scott-croyle-interview we really do appreciate all feedback!  while it won’t make it into our first phone, it definitely helps us direct our next efforts. @oleg kogut thanks for support! we love having so many of you on board for this android revolution. @wilson wong @lars thanks for all your suggestions! stay tuned for updates on accessories and stretch goals!
+1 for tempered glass protectors! oh, and t-shirts... perhaps a t-shirt as another strech goal?
@nextbit, i was wondering if there will be some settings for local storage management.  as you mentioned before robin can manage storage even at moments when the robin isn’t connected to the network (i just realized how fantastic that is!).  will we be able to make adjustments in the default settings of this feature? can we assign from which level of used local storage robin starts to secure data in the cloud to clear up local storage? or is this a fixed setting? or can we  teach robin which data he should store first in the cloud when he is cleaning up local storage? it would be amazing to set that when local used storage hits 80%, robin starts cleaning local storage with some gb’s by securing pictures older then 9 days, apps not used for 30 days in the cloud.
@nextbit, i'd love to see you guys go the motorola and even like sony on their newest products. stick as close to stock android as possible. performance won't be hindered :) oh, where's my nextbit t-shirt i can rock? thanks, can't wait til january!
tempered glass protectors is needed!
i like this phone primarily for its design. the cloud feature is interesting, but for myself not too critical, i own nexus5 16gb for 2 years now and still have few gigs left, altough i regularly make pictures, especially on trips/vacations. i know you need an "usp" as a selling trick, for which you use the "cloud first" approach. thats fine, just keep the android as native as possible and keep making great looking / designed phones. im not buying other android phones because of their awful ui and hw design. nexus is just average in terms of design, while great with vanilla android. you seem to be getting the sweet spot - great design and great ui. keep it going that way please.
@nextbit i have a couple of questions why you haven't used led display as it consumes less power and looking at battery size it would have been better
@nextbit, about the custom icons, i think it would be a great addition as a feature to the custom launcher, so that we could get the full experience, and for everything to blend in nicely. i personally would like the interface to be seamless and have great aesthetics with a similar touch to each of the core icons. with that being said, you dont need to compromise if there is a lot more time to be put in elsewhere on more important areas at the moment. don't really mind, just my opinion! cheers :)
is this supported volte?
@kevin. i believe the phone has very few pre installed apps if any. and those will be essentially the ones needed for the cloud functionally.
me and a lot of people aroud the world use very few google aps. i consider some of them as bloat. hangouts, music, books, games,... prefer to use apps i choose myself. is there a possibility to remove the pre installed apps?
@dennis i see, thanks alot
each time i check on progress more pledgers have joined wich is nice to see. verry curious to see the next goal.  i feel a bit silly about my "honesty" comment. you guys have been nothing but honest. sometimes a bit vague but honesty is you policy! thank you for not playing games with us.
845 were getting there ,,gn folks
one last round for the night folks, then we'll catch up with you tomorrow @erica robin, and all modern android phones, support full multitasking. @dennis all apps and photos are backed up any time you are charging and connected to wi-fi. so yes. that way if you're not connected to the network when you are running out of space, robin can still manage your storage for you. @syke by "apps that come with android" we don't mean just aosp, but also the cts apps (formerly gms) apps that you are naming off here. i'm using industry terms here because you sound very familiar with the situation. if you'd like more clarification we'll be happy to provide more tomorrow. @daniel we have a large space above and below the screen to accommodate our speakers. for the best sound quality, speakers require large "ports" (space for air) behind them. but for the rest of the phone we cut things as tightly as possible. the square corners and especially the squared edges make the phone as small possible, not larger. as for the bezel around the screen, we chose not to paint the bezel to hide it like most companies but rather to let the glass be the glass. it accentuates the color of the plastic top and bottom pieces and allows each material to express itself honestly. and @lucas thank you! good night all
i don't have any questions, as you have promptly responded to many others and provided informative responses for all. i just wanted to thank you for that, and for this incredible device that you're creating. i wish you and everyone at nextbit much success, and i hope you have a great labor day weekend!
will this device have multi tasking?
@nextbit will the intuitive cloud storage happen to unused apps/photos even if i am well below the 32g on the phone?  i know it's been covered, no music to cloud, but could it be included in future upgrades to robin's os.  i use music way more than apps or photos.  i'm quite an eclectic when it comes to music.  thanks!
@nextbit you say, "we're using the apps that come with android", but the apps that come with android are very minimal. do you mean you are also using the "google apps for android", including play store, gmail, etc.?
@meng i saw that they will have service centers in usa, asia and europe.
@creator if let say i cracked the screen of my robin, do we buy the replacement parts (eg. digitiser) from you guys?
@kevin  yes @anita is right, the update is regarding sprint and verizon phones. stay tuned for update on support for those networks. hopefully we'll have some good news soon. @norman  robin uses usb c which is a new type of connector that is going to be standard in most upcoming phones. the cable supplied with the phone will allow you to charge the phone. additionally any other usb c type device cable will also work with robin. we're trying our best to make robin as future proof as possible and provide you with the best technology available at this moment. @marc we're trying our best to support spring and verizon. stay tuned! @andrew  robin doesn't try to replace existing storage solutions. instead we're offering an intelligent service that will take care of your phones storage independent of what provider you're using. the software will be intelligent enough to determine the software you don't need and offload it. while this might seem similar to storage solutions such as dropbox and google drive, it is not. think of it as your phone manager that makes sure that you never run out of space by moving unused data to the cloud. for power users such as yourself we're looking to expand our existing feature set to support more complex storage requirement in future updates. a cloud first phone means that we'll be able to add features that you want over time. @shane mobs we're using the apps that come with android and don't apply any customizations to them. we don't want to reinvent the wheel and allow our users to make use of the apps they've come to love. any app, being stock android or your favorite play store app will work just the same as you're used to. we've customized a few icons to match out theme, but left most of them untouched. is custom icons something you would want? leave your comments here and on twitter to let us know. @dennis we're here even on labor day weekend because you guys are important to us and your support means the world to us. we didn't know how good this campaign was going to go and of course we were worried about the success. seeing now how many people support us and the massive response we've got on kickstarter we're even more so motivated to give you the best phone we can build. so this goes out to all the backers: thanks to everyone who's supported us, we really appreciate it! the response has been overwhelming!
@nextbit, i would appreciate if you can share some insight about certain aspects of the design. i'm a big fan of making a phone body as small as possible for whatever screen size is being used (much like the original moto x, lg g series, etc). while the robin is very thin, it its rather tall and a tiny bit wide as well. also being a rectangle, it takes up more space than phones that are rounded. some commenters on google+ and i were specifically discussing the black bezel which we feel looks a little awkward. the way it contrasts with the mint colored top and bottom really make it stand out and make the phone look a little more bulky and "bezely". i would be interested in the engineering/technical justification for this design. understanding that reasoning often makes something like this easier to swallow. overall, its a great design and i applaud you for thinking different.
the picture with the black robins in this article.... <3 http://www.wired.com/2015/09/nextbit-robin/ please add a black + accent colour model!
@dennis. i remembered seeing the icons in pics after i posted. thanks. hopefully we'll get an answer on the actual app behind the icon soon. :)
@shane, don't think nextbit is on today, but i do know that the phone icon is unique, as are others which can be seen in pictures posted here: http://phandroid.com/2015/09/04/nextbit-robin-hands-on-first-impressions-video/ as well as other videos. most links to videos can be found on @nextbitsys on twitter and here if you are inclined to scroll down.
@creator. i asked earlier, but didn't direct to you. what are the default messaging, email, other stock apps? are you building your own, or using google options? if using google options, will you customize the icons to match your own icons? thanks! guess i'd find out in feb when i get mine, but just wondering ;)
@mark when, not if.  ;)  patience @ben. :) i'm not sure about the specificy of how that all shakes down yet either @ andrew.  i'm sure it will be covered before kickstarter ends.  @mark you got anything on that or @abe if you are around.
i want the charger too. i don't  think it's going to be an issue. i say we get to 1 million with days to spare.
@dennis  well obviously i want this project to be successful but i'm also a little selfish i want that free quick charger if we hit a million.
i have officially backed as of yesterday. as soon as i saw tmobile it was an easy decision. now i just need to figure out how to wait till february. very excited for this phone.
are there any updates on whether users can manage cloud storage beyond pressing grayed out icons? like, will media be separated into different apps (i.e., photos app, videos app)? i need a lot of convincing to give up google's apps/cloud. what about adding media to my nextbit cloud via computer?
it's all good :)
@marc never mind, i too needed to scroll down.  you already know what's going on with sprint support, sorry. i'm bad.
@marc  scroll down a few posts.  just trying to be helpful.
i'm a backer, i'd be thoroughly depressed if this does not end up working on the sprint network too, i'm so looking forward to this phone.
@mark you suckup you!  lol!
were getting there 840k gj
if you have a charger that has a usb connection for the cable that goes to the phone, you should be able to use the cable that comes with robin, as it will have the usb c connector for phone and usb connector for the charger to car 12v connection.  for convenience, to not have to take cable with you, you will need a second cable to leave in car that has the usb c connector for phone.  again, some car chargers are hard wired (meaning no cable connector to car 12v adapter), some have an adapter with separate cable.
@norman all android based devices i know about require a separate charger to go to 12v outlet.
if you plug the usb cable from the note 4 directly into the usb port on a vehicle it will access the phone for data use (i.e. songs) but it will not charge the phone.
@dennis, @nextbit i'm referring to the usb cable that comes with the phone. on an iphone you can plug this cable directly into a usb port on a car and it charges the iphone; on my note 4 you have to buy a separate charger that plugs into the 12v cigarette lighter and plug the usb cord into that. i'm wondering if robin will charge like the iphone does (direct connection to usb port in car) or if a 12v adapter will be needed.
@nexbit @norman that is unless your car charger is hard wired to the car power adapter, as some are, mine isn't.  in that case you would require another.  you may be able to use the note 4 adapter.  it has a usb c connector right, does it also have quick charging capability?
@nexbit i believe @norman is referring to the cabe he already has in car, which likely has a micro usb connector for his phone.  @norman you would need to either use the cable that comes with robin or add a duplicate for convenience.
@kevin de boeck: the comment history shows that the updated model would be about supporting the sprint carrier in the us.
@kevin it would be a second model with the exact same specs, except for different radio bands. 2 different versions of the exact same phone for different carriers. @norman we have no reason to believe car charging will require a different type of cable but we will look into it.
could you guys please provide the pantone or ral colors for the two phones? i backed this phone based on the cmf of the images you've provided in the kickstarter (which are awesome and so different), but the photos from the hands on videos in sf seem different. i'm particularly worried about the actual midnight blue color. in photos it seems lighter than the images. i know things evolve over time as you solidify between evt, dvt and pvt, but if you could at least post what's being considered that'd be awesome. thanks
updated model? could you elaborate on that? honesty is the best policy... ;-)
silly question...will the usb cord allow for the phone to charge in a vehicle via usb port? i thought all cords did this but on my note 4 you actually have to purchase a unique car charger instead of it charging directly through a usb port in the car
@marc you will have an answer before the the kickstarter ends. so if you've already backed us, it will be easy for you to change to the updated model or cancel. @rony @satish cases are our only accessory (if you don't count the quick charger if case we all make the stretch goal). there will be several different cases which we will unveil soon.
one thing im glad about is i  got my g4 last month so there is no pressure to get a phone right away.
thanks!
its a nano sim
any clue or sample of what the case will look like? :-)
@nextbit, what type of sim card does it take? will the sim from my note 4 work in it, or should i order another size from at&t? thanks a bunch for all your hard work!!
the special and very special sim tray are very intriguing. really curious what you can do to a simple sim tray to make it special.
@creator... what other accessories will robin have?
will we have an answer before the phone ships? and if not is it easy to get my money back?
@vangelis @marc the version of robin on kickstarter now doesn't support sprint or boost (both are part of the sprint network), however we are investigated a version that would. we'll have an answer soon. @rhiney if you were smoking something, you were still very coherent. each of the 2 speakers has it's own amplifier.  @rl hmmmmmm that could be an interesting colorway. we are already doing final color lockdown of the mint and midnight models, but maybe that's a future special edition? thanks for the suggestion.
@creator, is it possible mint x midnight color?
can someone tell me if i will be able to use my phone on sprint ?
i was reading somewhere that each speaker has its own amplifier. i can't find the article . is this correct. or was i smoking something while reading.
very special sim tray. hmm someone from nextbit will hand deliver every phone and install our sim card!!!
@vangelis velazquez unfortunately, we do not currently support boost mobile. we’re definitely looking into making robin more widely available! @steven really great ideas! we appreciate all the feedback and suggestions. @lars stay tuned for more updates on the special sim tray and very special sim tray!
it also says that the first 1000 backers will get a 'very special sim tray' as opposed to just a 'special sim tray', what could be the difference?
@ultra magnus thanks for the info; that's actually what i was hoping for as it means more chances of delivering on schedule if the verifications have already been certified. i'm not looking for a dual sim phone anyway :)
@alice zhen "early adopters will receive a surprise engraving on the sim tray." so probably the engraving makes it special...
what is special sim tray? @creator
mnp sadly no duel sim the design and hardware of the phone has already been finalized so there's no changing it at this point
hello, i'm making my first 1000 bakers slot free in a moment, because i can't wait for a new phone until jan '16. need new one right now. will be following nextbit though. for a lucky one
i see quiet number of people looking for dual  sim. i'm one of them. possible to have the dual sim?
@creator i was lucky enough to be one for the first 1000 backers and the project looks great. just wondering if the unit has gone through emc tests and fcc/ce verifications yet?
+1 for fm radio~~~
+1 for double sim. any chance @creators?
@steven, indeed a great idea. maybe also have like a group hide feature (collection of apps maybe in the cloud?). or just have a different home screen for the greyed out cloud apps that you wont see or access it as much, and the main one for your most used apps.
@steven sounds like a great idea. managing the apps by data type may be a tad too far for me, but i really like idea of hiding less used apps when they are offloaded to the cloud.
i think it will be cool if we can store the data in a "local cloud" on our pc. it would be fast and hopefully secure also :)
@creator a small suggestion: couldn't you ship (for a fee off course) a small test-sample (f.i. 1cm * 1cm) of 2 colors to people who request it? would be nice to choose, i (my wive) really like the mint one but won't choose one because it is a "risk". having 2 midnight ones might give mistakes and have me receive shoe-shop-mails@work :)
so i was thinking about all the possible settings i like to have as end user to control the interaction between the (hopefully green) cloud and robin. well i came up with some ideas, i will drop them here one by one the next days. with the intention that we can discuss the endless possibilities and at the end inspire the nextbit team with some ideas...(or just receive some feedback from them, that they already covered our needs :-) ) so here is number one, a show - hide function for the data that is stored in the cloud. a few comments below something was mentioned about show/hide icons. i really like the idea to be able to control what information is shown on the robin screen. with my actual phone i have to clean up storage now and then, uninstall apps, delete photos, music, ... well you probably all have once struggled with the limitation of your storage. with a storage of 100 gb it is tempting to endlessly fill up robin with apps, files, pictures, and so on without cleaning up once in a while.  and the great deal is, that robin with the cloud function will manage the storage automaticly, so the phone never gets slow or storage gets full. wow no worries about limitations. but maybe the overwhelming amount of data can cause other unwanted user experience.  as i understand, on your screen you see clear (local storage) and unclear icons (cloud storage). the way how the cloud is working the unclear icons are older or less used. so probably this information is in daily use less interesting for me as user. but still this information is shown on your screen.imagine scrolling through your phone looking up a recent used app or a recent photo, how annoying it can be to see a large amount of unclear icons/images. you can be sure that over time there will be more unclear icons than clear icons..... find the clear sheep in a field loaded with unclear sheeps think about the settings you might want to use to manage your recent/older information. so i was wondering will there be a setting to manage what you see. - show all (default) (clear and unclear icons) - show local storage only (clear icons only) - show cloud storage only (unclear icons only) or even better, (advanced settings) if you can manage by data type (app, photos, music, files, ...) if the robin shows both (local storage and cloud storage, or one of them).  i can imagine that i like to have apps both clear and unclear and pictures only clear. and that i like the option to search on a normal daily basis in the recent information only (clear icons only). and in some occasions when i'm looking for an specific "older" piece of information i like to see only the information in the cloud (unclear icons only).... i'm wondering how you all think about this.
"just got a quick update! when we send out the survey at the end of the campaign, we will also allow you to add cases or mascots to your package." <-- thank you @nextbit, great news!
it doesn't support camera 2 api..........i see..
@creator would the phone work with boost mobile?
i'm happy its not a flash. personally i see no use for a selfie flash. u have taken a different route with the sensors than most. i like it, this and the round speakers are things that set u apart from other phones
@rhiney, that is not a flash next to front facing camera (front facing flashes are too close and make people look terrible), that is how we house the proximity and light sensors instead of having lots of tiny messy windows all around the phone face. @dennis yes there are microphones at the top and bottom of the phone for active noise cancellation on calls and in video recording. this is common on modern phones
@wilson i hadn't looked at the photos until your post.  nextbit, do i see a microphone port @ both ends?? please share the significance if so.  thank you
http://www.engadget.com/2015/09/04/nextbit-robin-early-look/ i saw some robin's photos on it.
@dennis i agree with you about the opo2 its just not that interesting. the sort of amusing thing is the lg g4 has similars specs to the robin same proc same ram same rom the g4 has a better camera,,but no fingerprint scanner no cloud no usb c and the speaker sucks its gets really muddled as you turn it up. plus i got the robin at 325 as the g4 cost me 479.99  thats partly why my wife doesnt get why im so excited about this phone shes like why would you buy a phone thats 150+ less then what you just got,,,,,
@rhiney, not sure, i think tont hannides may have covered that here: http://phandroid.com/2015/09/04/nextbit-robin-hands-on-first-impressions-video/ but, i may be remembering wrong.
@mark i have to keep buying different galaxy s3's (her first smartphoen, that she said she didn't want and is now addicted to facebook and surfing) as i switch carriers.  but, she wigs out at the thought of a new phone and just doesn't get the need.  i had an s3 which i liked until the opo, and passed on some other recent unlocked phones, which is my number one criteria now, but the robin got me to bite.  i don't understand the "supposed" popularity of the still hard to get op2.  the finger scanner and usb c intended functions, lack of nfc and lack of stereo speakers were all sacrificed for the problematic 810 processor.  i think robin, picking the 808 and including the afore mentioned features working as intended plus the cloud  storage was a smart move to the performance and the growing appeal. i think after release to will take off like the opo last year.  hands on reviews are quite a selling tool.
is that a flash on the front of the phone next to the camera
i tell myself that about every new phone. my gf says its a sickness.  i love tech. i had a few bad experiences with crowdfunding and having came back for a while. but nextbit dangled this phone in front of me and...well i couldn't resist
@dennis i think shes disdainful about new phones because this is like my 7th new phone and shes the type that keeps her phone forever . shes using my sony t ultra which i had to beg her to use. which i used about 2 phones ago , anyways she had the nokia 520 ..now she loves the sony.
lol! @rhiney maceachern  but, it's too cool to resist, huh??!
my gf made me swear i wouldn't buy another phone. i'm on my sixth this year. either she will be happy to see this colorful one. or...she will cut my balls off
better get the mint one, so when she takes it over (and she will), she will think it's pretty.  better get 2, just sayin'. ha!  i'm kinda leaning on the mint one too, to get others to ask, what's that.
lol she was mad cuz i ordered the wrong shirt  told her id give her mine, but shes like you should know what size i am... i was watching the periscope party that nextbit had and she seen that they answered my question about the stereo speakers and was impressed as i am about how interactive they were and so now shes giving me a  break at least about the phone.....
@mark i've been outed.  she got a facebook post i posted about robin and asked what it was.  i told her and got the look and, a new phone? comment with disdain.  better now than later i guess. lol!
@mark the wife want one yet?  is she cutting you any slack? :)
they are getting there with all the tech magazines picking up the stories hopefully it will draw more buyers
is it possible to have more colors as a stretch goal? i would really like a pure cloud white device with the teal buttons :)
@john nonato we appreciate the suggestion! however, we don't anticipate any hardware changes to the current design of robin.
@nextbit +1 on @jordan collins suggestion of a black and mint colour combo would be sexy. i like the darker look of the midnight but it's missing the cool contrast like on the mint. i want both :(
@nextbit since production won't start until after the campaign, do you think there might be a processor upgrade, with the snapdragon 820 coming just right around the corner?
@marcus henry yee we feel confident about our abilities to push out a great phone. however, if there are any problems, you will be able to return your robin (we'll provide pre-paid shipping) to one of our service centers. we will have one in the us, europe, and asia. @kevin de boeck @jordan collins @steven great ideas. we appreciate all suggestions! @robert ivy  thanks for the suggestion! we feel this way works better for us, and we still won’t be late with delivery :) @rl we’ll have more details on the cases throughout the campaign!
http://phandroid.com/2015/09/04/nextbit-robin-hands-on-first-impressions-video/  check out a first hands on review.  honest and thought provoking.
@creator just curious, if the phone requires servicing over a certain period of time, any idea who we could go to or how we could service the phone? best regards, marcus
@nextbit are you considering other color shemes? pink, purple, orange or yellow. with two tones you could mix and match. for now it's definitely the midnight for me. the mint looks great but too feminin for me.
@steven: love your idea. get the data and then brik the phone. would become  useless to steal the robin.
@nextbit a black and mint colour combo would be sexy. i like the darker look of the midnight but it's missing the cool contrast like on the mint. i want both :(
@nextbit, will it somehow be possible that in a case of theft or lost, the robin can be accessed by the cloud and receive from the cloud an emergency command to upload all information from the device to the cloud and after that erase all the information on the device. while on a replacement device you can download all the information, and it seems like you never have been a moment without your robin? or even before the use of the emergency-option, will it possible to use the cloud to track down the device?
@steven yeah that also crossed my mind, i wouldn't worry about it too much though, the phone looks great, no matter the hue of the midnight version :)
@lars that's the difficult part, go with what i like... . i like the clear line of the cloud on the mint version, but like you i prefer the straight coming midnight.  did you notice that on the cnet pictures (12 of 16) there aren't any buttons on the right edge of the midnight model. you can observe these buttons on the mint version and they are also visible at the midnight version shown at the campaign page. so, another possibility is that the midnight used for the cnet pics is an early test example.
http://www.tomshardware.com/news/nextbit-robin-smartphone-kickstarter-updates,30023.html 4k! sweet!
@steven although it may also be the result of the lighting used when taking these pictures :)
@steven yeah i noticed that too, steven. i, however, like simplicity and sobriety (for the lack of a better word) and thus will be going for the midnight version. even if it is a bit brighter than shown on the pages here, i still think it looks good, the dark navy blue looks really fresh without standing out too much like the mint version. but as always, in the end, tastes and opinions differ, so go with what you like :)
will robin perhaps, having dual front face speakers, function upside down like the idol 3?  just a thought?
@nextbit something i've seen on other projects, is that instead of having the sheep mascots or cases at the end of the campaign, or even another tier of rewards, add them as an add-on now and people can keep their same pledge and just add the $40 dollars or whatever it may be to their total pledge amount. that way you can get a better estimate at what you will need to be made now compared to rushing it and being surprised at the end of the campaign. i'm hoping that made sense.
aha, a case. we're going in the right direction.
just curious nextbit the cable to the phone is usb c but what is the type of connector that plugs into the wall (i imagine just plain old usb but i want to know if i'll need to buy a new wall charger or not since robin doesn't come with one)
as more of you, i'm  still doubting between mint and midnight... at this moment a slight advantage for midnight. but what do you all think? is it the lighting or does it seems like that the midnight color shown on the pics at the campaign page is a darker color compared with the pics at http://www.cnet.com/products/nextbit-robin/
http://www.tomshardware.com/news/nextbit-robin-smartphone-kickstarter-updates,30023.html
@creator, how much for the case, hope lower price for us :)
@creator... thats great.. thanks... :)
@rik brouwers @sathish kumar @stefan mansson just got a quick update! when we send out the survey at the end of the campaign, we will also allow you to add cases or mascots to your package. @steven another good catch! we've updated it :)
count me in for at least 40$ extra also. i wanted 2 mascottes but as i can't change my pledge you'll need to find a way to help us with that :)
@creator, nice update of the kickstarter page... where is the sheep flying to when we hit the stretch of a "quick charter" ? :-)
@lars @joel york of course, we're happy to answer any questions. we love engaging with you all and seeing your excitement. it's great to see so many of you ready for this revolution! @stefan mansson @sathish kumar unfortunately, kickstarter does not allow you to make multiple pledges. we'll get back to you if we can find a way to work around this. @steven those are some really great ideas! we appreciate the feedback and concern around environmental issues. we'll keep you updated on any of our initiatives :)
@ creator... i am already one of the first 1000 backers.... so i am not able to get the vinyl doll now :'(.... any other way to get it?
@nextbit i really like the design of and the ideas behind robin. great work!! until now i have read all comments and well i can only agree with some of the backers that this is an exciting journey of development, can't hardly wait till january 2016. you have my full support. a few comments back i read some things about the environmental friendly choices you have made. totally agree that it is a waste to include for example headphones.. i'm wondering how serious you are taking the environmental friendly aspect? it really can be an unique selling point (at least it is for me). it's a pity the battery isn't removable, and foxconn really??? but ok i can think about a lot of other options to make robin environmental friendly. have you thought about a "green" cloud for the online storage? think about data centers powered by renewable energy... will robin be made out of any recycled materials? or what about the box  robin will be sent out to its backers, use fsc carton for example?  there are a lot of details that can make the difference, happy to be here to share some ideas.
@lars, your last comment +1. thank you.
@nextbit, already backed the first 1,000 pledge. do i have to make a new account to get the $40 vinyl sheep? cant select both :(
@nextbit cheers for your answer, you guys are really going at it, the interaction with your backers is top notch! i really appreciate you guys taking the time to talk to us and answer our questions!
@norman sipp the cable provide is usb type c 2.0
@nextbit..will the usb-c be usb 2.0 or usb 3.1? as far as the rear camera is concerned both speed and capability in low light seem to be de facto standards for judging picture quality. i think the pdaf will definitely help in the speed but will there be an ability to quickly access the camera from the lock screen? i also think you're the first phone with an official mascot!
@nextbit i didn't think i needed a mascot, but now i think i do. pledge upgraded.
hey everyone! we've updated our kickstarter page to include a separate tier for just the vinyl sheep toy. it's the "rebel yell."
@lars we will have two versions of our launcher - a “classic” version and a “simple” launcher. the simple version, which you noticed in the video focuses on just applications and the search widget. the “classic” launcher will resemble the stock android launcher with an app drawer, widgets, etc.
@lars i'm betting nextbit will be working on tweaking the kernel and rom right up and until the first units shift. if that isn't until january 2016, i think they'll be able to do it. if not, i'm sure somebody more able than myself will be able to bake it into a custom rom or kernel.
@maka i thought about the google photo thing too. i intend to switch my photo backup to the nextbit cloud when i get this device as google forces you to upload at a reduced resolution and i'm betting this isn't the case with the nextbit cloud. hopefully they develop a good cam app with raw support (although if it ships with marshmellow, the raw option for photos is standard, i believe).
@joel york off screen fingerprint activation would be awesome! perhaps this is something that can be added later through software updates? @nextbit could you explain how the two different launcher versions will work? i'm talking about the classic and simple versions of the launcher, like, what are the core characteristics of both? do you have your own skin etc.
@abe chung haha, good catch!
@joel york +1 to the off screen fingerprint activation. @nextbit i have fans?! hahaha jkjk.
@joel york thanks for your suggestions, we welcome feedback! @maka - the third is the sensor - yes, you can definitely pin the apps you want to keep on the device! - you can still use google photos with robin, but it will have not have the same cloud capabilities that the nextbit storage will. @abe chung we love your fans and we love your support!
@nextbit just got the dm for shirt. really appreciate the very kind gesture!
what i want to see is hi-fi sound since it has dual speakers
- i see three circles on top band, one is the speaker, one is the camera, one is the third? - google music has everything in the cloud except what i select to be available locally, can i choose that the cloud backup software leave some apps and some folders alone? - same question about google photos, i can select what to be kept in the cloud what not to be in the google photos itself, will i be able to your cloud backup off of google photos resources?
so hardware is set, fair enough. however if you're still taking ideas on the software side / rom development (and to reiterate points made by others), + one for double tap to wake/sleep (i use this often on my sony z3 compact) or, even more preferably, fingerprint from screen-off to homescreen. these are not gimmicky in my opinion and would be really useful software additions (providing the power usage payoff is not too great given the smaller battery on these units). thanks.
@giacomo cetorelli thanks for the suggestion! we’re definitely considering different ways to get involved with our community. stay tuned! @robert nowak the longer it’s been since you used an app, the more likely that it will be moved to the cloud when you need the space. you can also pin apps that you don’t use often, but still want to stay on the phone. @abe chung we really hope to have some details on this soon. we’ve got our whole team working hard so that we can update you guys on any developments! thanks so much for your patience everyone, we really appreciate all of you for supporting us and spreading the word :)
diddy kong master race. banana to dair and then up air. hoo hah
allmost 800k yehaw bbiaf going to idaho falls gl all
waterproofing is a hardware thing? haha, i didn't know. i was just using that as an example.
@abe i would prefer a video during the kickstarter campaign. more people  joining means more goodies for us early adopters... � not what i'm in it for tough. i really like the design and the idea behind the software. and also, my brother's name is....  robin
about waterproofing. aren't their a couple of companies who you can send you're phone to and they put a waterproof coating on it? it looks like the hardware side of things is pretty final. decent enough as it is, otherwise i wouldn't have pledged my money...
yeah, i've already talked to some of my friends about a possible upgrade from my opo, with robin being one of them. however, it's not much to explain because there's not actual video review or tests on it. even during the launch party, it was kinda awkward seeing some of the devices not really doing what they were attempting to do during the live periscope hahaha. but give it like a month or two, and i anticipate some good things hopefully.
a lot of people on here own a opo. people like me who loke to push the boat out. the early adopters who don't mind taking a risk on something new but also don't want to pay crazy money. pitty we're a minority because i realy hope the robin does well. a good hands on video would go a long way in helping to convince more mainstream people. another article on the verge wich we can share on facebook and twitter. for a phone as unique as this i don't mi'd spamming my friends.
this whole process is exciting to me. the concept for the phone was great i was like the 775 backer so  wasn't tottally sure it was going to get the funding. then the interaction between the creators makes you feel apart of it. most companies seem to make phones so that it squeezes every dime from you the decisions they made was for them not you. i like sony phones have 2 the sp and the t ultra. i asked them about which model i needed for tmobile it took them a month to respond. with this company you know why they did what they did they let you interact with them and its almost like your family you want them to grow and be successful.
@neville chettiar, oh the verizon thing wasn't my point, but you can take my comment whichever way it pleases you. i only meant something like an ip67 certification, or something else...that i cannot do on my own through 3rd party purchases. but at the end of the day, the phone as is should provide some decent experiences. i'm mostly curious about the camera quality during action shots and low-light, as well as battery life with sot and maximum usage.
@abe chung,totally agree !!  wish you guys would make this phone verizon/sprint compatible. i'm pretty sure you will have a whole lot more backers.
realistically speaking, unless there's a massive turnaround in backers, i think this phone will barely reach 1st stretch goal. tbh, the stretch goal is very large for something not that super exciting, i honestly wanted the stretch goal to be someone crazier like a feature add-on, etc... the charger we can always just add on our phones as an accessory, but a hardware/software add-on or certification, we cannot. just my opinion :)
the first stretch goal is hardly exciting.
anyhow, it's slowed down, but i don't think anyone is expecting it to come to a halt any time soon :) if anything, it'll probably pick up steam again.
oops, sorry, i meant 5:51am...lol math blunder.
there's a 3 hour difference between coasts.  it's just now barely past 6am on west coast.
@abe chung haha wow, my bad, miscalculation on my part!
@lars it's 8:51am in the morning in the east coast and 6:51am in the west...hahaha. not exactly night. :)
@abe chung considering it's night in the us now it's only logical, because as i see it, the majority of their sales will probably come from there :) still, give it some time, i'm sure as more info becomes available we'll be more than capable of attaining this stretch goal and the next ones!
seems like backers have finally slowed down. @nextbit thanks for the periscope. when do you think we'll have some solid test performances on the robin's 1st evt?
@creator will the user be able to decide how long an app/file/etc. has to be dormant for before it goes to the cloud?
@dennis as they should be, they can keep their overhyped junk, i'm going with the professionals on this one! thrilled to be part of this thing from the very start.
@creator omni this guy is spamming like what crowndc did, guys be careful that fake funding site only designed to sell cheap chinese goods.
it's not waterproof. it has been asked a lot but is no longer possible :) .
i just realize that most newly released phones are waterproof, is robin waterproof?
does anybody know the default keyboard, messaging app, email app? or is nextbit gonna develop their own?
no sir @omi! don't think that's allowed.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
a good perk for 1.25 would be one of those awesome robin t-shirts i saw on instagram.
@shane it can even be a shem! lol!  i haven't seen anything on swiping down to hide the keys, maybe nextbit will post something tomorrow.  i'm not sure anybody is on tonight having had the rollout party in sf earlier.
thanks guys! i'm super excited about this guy, or is it girl? i guess it's what you want it to be. i'm hoping for good ff stereo speakers and i love the ui so far. the lock screen is crazy good. also hoping for app icons to match the ui. the font is nice and i love the navigation keys. it's the little things. anybody know if we can swipe down to hide the keys?
i know the uniqueness attracted me plus the cloud storage. i was always curious about republic wireless with the wifi-handoff. the limited choice of phones and then sprint as there cellular carrier turned me off. so i never bit
someone has suggested a sheep styled case and nextbit liked the idea...so who knows.  stay tuned.
@christopher not known yet, in the works.
as i said it appears op focused so hard on the 810 processor that made some huge tradeoffs on other features.  i own an opo and thought they changed marketing direction with the op2.  but, if one believes the reservation list to be accurate, which i don't, it's popular.  i think tinkerers and those that like something unique alike are attracted to robin, similar to the original op base.
any idea what cases will be offered for robin out of the gate!? need to keep that sweet design safe!
i have asus zenfone 2 i get 4g lte on tmobile and h2o which is att. i use the zenfone2 as a hotspot on tmobile and get 16 mb on ookla hopefully tmobile wont read this forum
marques brownlee who is usually a huge fan of one plus one was not so much of the one plus 2 no quick charge no stereo speakers usb c it has but not useful.
i had an idol 3 preordered, but cancelled,  zenfone i don't think would work on us lte bands.  i came close to biting on x pure 2015, but waited for nextbit's offering.  man they did a good job of keeping details quiet until launch day!
op focused so much on the 810 for the op2, they shortchanged the finger sensor, usb c and speakers.  as far as i'm concerned, only to turn on or off and it's a reversible connector are nothing more than gimmicks.  at least robin uses them both and stereo speakers for what they were intended, nfc and on or off plus quick charging and fast data transfer.
i will say that after the zenfone 2 and the idol 3 came out . that phone manufacturers seemed to up there games and lowered prices drasticely
i stream both pandora and amazon prime, and i wear hearing aids and get sound directly to them if i have my easytek going, but don't always wear the aids so looking forward to the sound robin has.
anyone else notice op expedited this coming weekends massive invite rollout on robin's launch tuesday.  carl must be a little worried.  ;)
i dont need hi-fi sound but i get stuck in the car while my wife shops we have amazon prime so i like to stream music from amazons music app while im waiting
@mark after 3 months, you still would want overnight?  my, my...see @abe more of a fanboy than me!  lol!
i hope they add expedited after waiting 3 months id pay extra to get it over night
they need a forum.  this kickstarter feed sucks.  sorry, ks, but it's lame.
looking forward to someone doing a hands on, but don't expect it until sometime early in october after production begins.  but, hey i may be surprised.
@shane welcome to what is to be and become an awesome community.
@shane mobbs yes that comes later.  the @creator will send everyone a survey and they will ask for you address for shipping the phone to you and they will ask you to pick a color that you want.
@shane yes, before they ship
@mark i think the speakers and other tweaks will give robin good quality sound.  i hope so.
i just backed the $399 option, but didn't get to pick a color. does that come later?
the hardware is good my g4 has the 808 and 3 gig and 32 gig rom its smooth i'm betting the robin is smoother and wont sound crappy like the g4
damn, gotta move to san francisco..got some pretty women there.
never used periscope before the party was crazy looked like fun
me 2 what were the hearts?
i think the dudes phone died in the middle of the periscope.
@ken  the phone to be delivered is as you see it,  there may be minor tweaks, but it is too late in the process to make any major hardware changes.  many months and planning went into what is presented and the manufacturing process is set to begin at end of campaign.  look forward to new iterations of robin as nextbit takes off.  it takes months to create a design and than produce it.  remember this is a global phone @ a less than $400 price point with many features and specs taken into account.  may i recommend: http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/1/9232897/nextbit-robin-smartphone-design-scott-croyle-interview it sheds light on why robin is as it is.
due to the delivery schedule in early 2016, is it possible to upgrade the hardware spec. if the campaign success? for example, upgrade to 4gb or 820 cpu?
sorry, that periscope link won't work; go here https://www.facebook.com/events/1749756011918557 and then go to the periscope link on the facebook page
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
https://www.periscope.tv/w/alezbjk4odc0otl8mwt2snbqt2dxd09kraru6amuapt7wn-3qrvms64mrcavipgtnpdz1tceernd
@creator.... please post the links to the videos so everyone can see it as well..
@nextbit will you be having any hands on event any where else besides san francisco? (like ny?) it would be great to be able to hold robin before january.
@denis u would think after several crowdfunding projects, constant delays, that a person would be used to waiting...nope. $300 phone. $425 cnd. donu hear that. that's the sound of my dollar crashing
@nextbit how will i be able to watch the periscope stream, if i don't have a phone??? i really want to watch it!
hey everyone! we're heading over to set up for our launch party so response time will be slow once again. feel free to join the party via periscope at 8pm. we're @nextbit
i'm going to stay up to watch the nextbit party on periscope, is there any way possible to watch it on a computer??? i don't really have a phone, i've used bluestacks but it's not working too well! please share the periscope stream link on twitter, so that i can watch it as well :)
can't wait to see the first hands-on then :)! @nextbit first, your cloud based solution will help us manage storage. is your cloud based solution designed to help us manage battery life also? i mean, it would be a great idea to learn from user habits on the smartphone (with data uploading to the cloud) and then optimized the use of the smartphone to save battery life. what do you think? for example, if i have meetings on my calendar, my phone is only receiving priority notifications. it connects in 3g and not in 4g if i'm only reading mails (it knows when i do that) and it goes 4g because it knows that at a certain time (or days), i watch videos (on the week-end or in the evening after working).
@nextbit just watched the first boot-up vid... actually digging the black robin. it makes the black bars around the screen seamless and the screen just pops. i'm still rocking a black htc one m7 (kudos scott); i don't think there's been a sexier phone since. my theme plays with the seamless look and it makes the screen look much bigger than it is. so my point, i guess.... add a black one to the mix (with accent buttons) pwease? :) if not all black, then a black middle section at least, can still go to town with the top and bottom sections.
this company kind of reminds me of  the other co. that i subscribe to. the dollar shave club. nextbit they both started out small and have that irreverant aura, kind of  of in your face. we know our products the best we can get it to you better then the big guys so buy from us.
@ dennis i owned the idol 3  i returned it to amazon because after a week it randomly shutoff and wouldn't turn back on. i liked the phone otherwise nice speakers, very vibrant, clean version of android. i went with the asus zenfone2 which i also like, but was offered the lg g4 with no money down. then i got some money. from......anyways then i was gonna buy also the moto x  play and give my wife the g4. i seen the robin review on zdnet and had to get this...
2000+ backers is pretty good were getting there...
@rhiney macaechern  nope, not yet. ;) patience is easier said then done, sadly. :)
@nextbit can you provide any details of the security that will be used for the cloud storage?  1)  how is our data being protected in transit and what algorithms are being used?  2) will there be an option for users manage our own encryption keys? thanks!
wow day three and already at $766 000. amazing. happy i was in the first 1000 to back this awesome project. waiting...waiting...is it jan yet
expect backers to rise precipitously during and after the party tonight.  watch for it! https://www.facebook.com/events/1749756011918557/ also, streaming on periscope.
@dennis lol stop tagging me when you say fanboy.
thanks @nextbit. i was able to update my shipping option to australia. you're awesome!
@matt see, i have clout!  lol! i'm just a early backer fanboy, as @abe calls me. as an opo owner, good phone by the way, who passed on op2, idol 3, and motorola x pure 2015...i'm super hyped on the robin.  want to see nextbit succeed and do more awesome stuff. i see for a global unlocked smartphone under $400 direct to consumer they over achieved.  i can see a lot of hard work over many months and with vision outside the "norm."  is it everything everyone wants?  no.  is it a contender?  yes, imo...again yes!  yet it has a lot to offer to like minded enthusiasts.
@abe chung we're actually still actively working on getting the quick charge to be as fast as possible. we'll update you when we have more details on this! @matt cicciarelli we just updated it. please let us know if it works now! if not, can you send us a private message so we can follow up and work this out? @amy elizabeth we're sorry to hear that and we really appreciate your support as an early backer! as we've mentioned, we are investigating a second version of robin that could work on verizon. details on that are really not worked out, so unfortunately we don't have a current answer on how to receive the discount. please stay tuned, we will announce any updates we have! @rl yes, you can add more than one fingerprint record! also, we appreciate your feedback on otg and are definitely considering many features for future iterations of robin :)
@larry you had asked some question about encryption: local storage is only encrypted if you choose that. we support the native disk encryption in android. you can select that yourself from the security options as with other android phones. personal data that is stored on our smart storage solution is transmitted encrypted over https and stored encrypted on our servers. (apps are not personal data since they are publicly available on the app store so those are stored separately.) we use google authentication for login in to our server. thus your account is as secure as your password is. since google authenticator also supports 2 factor, that provides additional protection.  however this is not a zero knowledge system. we have to provide some way for our users to recover their data in case of lost / forgotten password.
@matt sorry, i misread you.  got it.  they probably haven't gotten to it yet.  @nextbit fix that pronto! ;)  the aussies want robin too.
@dennis. i read that. you physically can not choose australia as a shipping option if you have already made a pledge. if i go to edit your pledge, australia is not an option. however if i sign out, act like i am going to make a new pleadge, australia is an option. i am hoping to be able to select australia for a backing i made on day 1. best, matt
@nextbit i just saw periscope and the black one looks nice, but plain. the midnight color is better. also, regarding your response to quick charge 2.0, i just looked at qualcomm's explanation on the tech, and they did a test (1 based on internal tests charging a 3300mah battery using a [1] qc2.0 usb wall adapter (9v, 2a), [2] usb wall adapter (5v, 2a), and [3] usb wall adapter (5v, 1a), respectively. (february 2013)). they got to 60%, which is 1,980mah in 30 minutes. does that scale back for your battery, of 2,680mah, or does it apply similarly? for example:  battery a (3,300mah) charges 30 minutes and revives 60% (1,980mah). battery b (2,680mah) charges 30 minutes and revives 60% (1,608mah), or battery c (2,680mah) charges 30 minutes and revives 74% (1,980mah)? sorry, just being anal. more than that, i'm just curious about quick charge, because my opo can essentially charge its device in under hour and a half, which i thought was pretty quick, but a lot of these oems have quick charge or turbo charge, etc...i was wondering if they're one and the same, or they're actually different.
so i already funded this project and now found out it's not supported by verizon, so it looks like i'll have to withdraw my funding. i read the whole page except the faqs, i suppose. i pledged the second day it was released, just after the $299 special closed. it'll be pretty heartbreaking to see that i did my due diligence and can't even get in on any special pricing deals. is there any way around that?
@matt they addressed this yesterday.  australia will be included in shipped to countries,  it may not be added as yet to theblog.
@nextbit, can i save more than one fingerprint record in robin? sometimes i will use left hand. and i am not sure you can or not, but if possible, please add otg function to the robin. thanks
are you able to update the shipping options for the "early adopter" backing to include shipping for australia? i already selected this option when the campaign started, but when i go back to up date my backing i don't see australia as an option. however i see it as an option if i was to make another backing. thank you for your help! best, matt
@abe we are running qualcomm quick charge 2.0, it doesn't mean 0-100.
i see the backers number has exceeded 2000.  onward to $1m to get that quick charger!
@trever phones aren't "already made" but, yes for robin 1.0 specs are set.  may see some minor tweaks, but i doubt much if any hardware changes.  months of vision and hard work went into robin as has been presented.  she will be an awesome contender as is.  for new enthusiasts i recommend a careful read of: http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/1/9232897/nextbit-robin-smartphone-design-scott-croyle-interview.  you will see much about why robin is as she is,  cheers!
@dennis i like to call myself the reasonably informed excited customer.
@larry short answer, probably not, but it seems like you want @nextbit to answer. :)
@abe you are becoming quite the "fanboy", ha!  ;) don't you have anything else to do? ;)
@larry they already have all of the phones made. it's way too late to start making hardware changes
@joelyork we want to ship asap too! thank you for your support!
@abe: i'm asking if there is an sd slot, not if having an sd slot is a good idea ;-) you may not see practicality, but not everyone uses their phone the same way or for the same things as you (for example, i like to watch movies on my daily commute and that's pretty hard to do on a shaky 3/4g connection). anyways, if there is no sd slot, could that be a stretch goal/different phone model or an option for larger local storage (64gb or 128gb). also, still wondering about encryption (both local and in the cloud) :-)
@larry i think the point of cloud storage was supposed to circumvent current phone markets expandable storage versus non-expandable storage problem. i don't see any practicality of having all three in one. btw, @nextbit, when you say quick charge, do you mean the phone charges from 0 to 100% in a quicker time frame? or do you mean something like turbo charge, where in 10-15 minutes, you can get to 50% charge?
@abe: yes, i got that. i'm wondering about extra local storage and encryption ;-)
@larry there is local storage. 32gb worth of local storage. the rest is 100gb on cloud.
love the new design! couple of questions: - does the phone include a slot for an sd card (cloud is nice, but you also needs local storage)? if not, are there any plans to add one? - what about local storage encryption and cloud storage encryption? if the cloud storage is encrypted, what are you using and is it zero knowledge?
very excited to be a part of this.the android phone market has become so homogeneous recently as to design so to see something new is refreshing. this design really won me over - it is a unique looking phone. if v1 works out well, i can see myself buying future iterations of this smartphone. to echo similar sentiments (as to future iterations) please include qi wireless charging and preferably a bigger battery. in the meantime, keep up the good work and get these babies shipped asap!!!
@kristian wong wow! thank you so much for your support. we're so happy to be building something that truly excites the android community again.
@ creator... it would be great if you could post a link for us to access... i am super excited...
@robert nowak. the campaign is very successful with your help, we couldn't be happier. but our backers aren't charged and we don't receive any funds and cannot begin manufacturing until after oct 1 when it closes.
@lzrface... no... project fi is not compatible with this phone... it has already been mentioned earlier....
day 3 celebration! we got a special delivery from our engineering partners today and we want to share the excitement right now. we are loading up our first fully functioning rom on one of our newly arrived engineering verification test 1.2 units!! new hardware build, first software build. watch it boot up together with us at 1pm pacific time (gmt -7) today on periscope. we're @nextbit over there.
does this phone have the technology to support google's "network of networks", thus being compatible with project fi (provided google would allow it).
@creator re: "once the kickstarter campaign is successful..." isn't reaching the monetary goal the success criteria?
@sathish kumar we're working on a separate pledge goal for just the sheep toy! great idea on the sheep case. stay tuned! @jérémy benaiche  thanks for your interest! we definitely will be working with well known bloggers for hands-on reviews after the kickstarter. once the kickstarter campaign is successful, we will start production and have devices for them.
95 dollar for shipment is a little much imo
i'm so happy to see the robin have this much early success on ks.  i originally opted for an early adopter pledge.  but, modified it to the double ks instead even if it was an extra $50/unit.  for the past few weeks, there were 4 phones i was keeping an eye on: sony xperia x5, htc aero, nexus 2015, and nexbit robin.  i have to say that i have been unimpressed with sony again because they just can't seem to get their features/design right.  the nexus 2015 appears to be lacking that wow factor.  and i'm betting the htc aero will be meh since it's been that way after their svp of design & ue works for some startup in sf ;-) i do believe that you guys have got a great product that touches on what people will practically use, vs. all the extra bells and whistles.  good job!
@ian munslow there has been much discussion on cloud accounts and data sharing in the past two days and we don't have a solid answer yet.  as we work though the details, we'll have a more clear idea of cloud accounts, data sharing, if it belongs to the user, to the phone, if it's transferrable, etc. we know it's not a good answer, but we also don't want to leave you hanging.  thanks for asking the important questions! @thomas robin doesn't have wireless charging capabilities but it is ubs 3.0 compatible, which is the quickest connection to a computer. thanks for your support!
@alejandro that's a bit bold to think it could take on a phone almost a hundred years more advanced. ;-)
so this is basically a rival to the nexus 5 2105
@robert ivy thanks for your enthusiasm, we're happy to see as thrilled as we're. @didodido the finger print sensor is on the right side of the phone on the power button. we don't have videos yet but the unlocking will be snappy. @jason mcginty the battery is not removable but you should be covered for the day. @chad kemp data quota has been the topic of much discussion over the last two days and we don't have a solid answer yet. we're investigating different options and we're glad you're helping us by asking the important questions.
@sathish kumar that wouldn't be fair for the backers who pledged the $399 one, would it? though, i do like the idea of everyone getting one, it wouldn't be practical.
@nextbit sounds awesome. i've never heard of product hunt's live platform, but anyway to see the product being used or a working model of the product should help ease or solidify people's opinions about the phone. regarding ama, some of the questions get pretty raw and uncut. so, if you're going to do the ama, you have to be prepared to answer very straightforward, albeit even brutal, questions about the specs, the future, and the capabilities of the cloud storage. other than that, hope it turns out well. i'll be tuning in if you are!
@michael spano @abe chung we're definitely looking into doing a reddit ama! we're also considering using product hunt's live platform in addition to that. what are your guys' thoughts?
i read there will be two launchers available to us from the start: the classic and the simple launcher. i understand the differences, but could you elaborate on how exactly this will work, how do we switch between them etc.?
@nextbit does the display make use of any panel self refresh technology or video memory to help with battery efficiency?
@nextbit is a first hands-on planned for the robin? i searched over internet and i didn't find any. i just find the video you posted on kickstarter. i think it would answer a lot of questions asked in the comments :)
a sheep themed case would be great too :)
i don't know if you guys will even see this but please please please for the love of god make this compatible with verizon in the future!! i wouldn't hesitate to buy it! i saw in the q&a that you are considering doing one and that would be amazing!
@ creator... can we have the next stretch goal to be at around the next 250k and have the sheep doll as the reward... :)
@abe yeah i really wanted to embrace the mint, but i totally didn't think of the lights. it certainly does appear to have much better contrast in the pictures posted.
@michael spano ooooh, a reddit ama would be pretty great exposure. however, i think nextbit needs to have more substantial information about their specs, features, and cloud storage capabilities. reddit's going to hound on every single possible question, like an uncut interview...so they have to be prepared.
@nextbit i am excited about this project. i was on the fence between this, oneplus 2, & the new nexus. you're concept, design, and specs won me over any plans to do an ama on reddit, specifically r/android? i think it would be great for your customers and brand exposure.
@noorulabdeen ahmad a while back, nextbit said it would be a special engraving, i think? any confirmations?
@nextbit what is the "very special sim tray"?
@mark schwacofer what do you mean? it's already reached $50,000 by mid day...we'll probably see $800,000 by the end of the night, est. @christopher choe i prefer midnight since it's a more regal color to me. plus, the led lights give it a better contrast imo.
does quick charging mean qi? i pledged for the robin. i currently have the nexus 5, and i love the qi charge capabilities. will this be included as part of the robin too?
i'm going for midnight personally. i'm not ready to embrace mint just yet!
think crowndc is back as kel!
@kel i don't think anyone likes your spam.
@creator i am really interested in the mint color, but i am afraid that it might be more prone to getting dirty. how prone is the plastic to stains and is it easy to keep clean?
looks like the backers have slowed down keep it coming. i have talked about robin on lord of the rings online some so hopefully some of them will join and age of conan.
@david andersson hi david, i read this in the comments (it was written by nextbit) : "we support all those except 2600 (band 38) for lte" that's why i said that we may have problems with the 4g in the european market. maybe i'm wrong but nextbit's sentence was an answer to someone from the uk who asked for the lte compatibility of robin.
ok so question regarding the cloud! so lets say i've bought one for me and am thinking to buy one for the other-half, are we able to say selectively share backups of things like certain photo folders or notes etc? or is it that each phone has one cloud account linked to it and that is it? i guess i'm trying to ask is how granular is the backup and can we share selected folders or data to other users?
@creator these questions/comments on the colors do make me wonder something.  i think the mint is really great, especially with the contrast against the white.  my concern would be the white discoloring and picking up dirt.  it look fairly matte.  i prefer a "naked" phone.  would the mint/white be able to handle that?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@tom rupp i'll take the midnight blue, no hesitation! i agree that mint is original, but too original for me :)
@rahul lakshmanan i really like the mint color even though i am a guy, but i think the midnight makes it harder to get dirty
@creator what will be the options for people like my wife (and by my wife, i mean me and my wife ;) ) when we run up to the 100gb threshold with pictures, etc. will you offer additional storage options (tiered, for example) or features such as moveit so we can sync to another service?
i really like that mint. it's something different. and i'm looking fwd to seeing the fingerprint scanner placement on the power button.
guys,  i am unable to make up my mind with mint and midnight colours.. please let me know which colour would you prefer
do we know if the unit will water proof or water resistant ?  removable battery?
i have just reported crowndc to ks for spam.
i pledged the double pack and wanted a black one for me and a mint for my wife. she however also wants a black one, the mint is to much for her tast.
mint is unique!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@chad kemp: of course, why did i not think of that!
@tom rupp : this is simple. one of each. :) mint for my wife, black for me... unless i like them both... then i order her another one in whichever color she prefers... then use whichever i fancy that day :)
@dennis lol i don't have that luxury she knows all my purchases. she just sounds exasperated "not another cell phone how many do you need?" then i try to pass it off like i'm doing it for my daughter annastasia whom is 20. cause she needs a cellphone and she will get my old one.
opinion survey: which color do you like better?  i'm tossed.  mint is unique, but a little feminine, while the midnight is masculine.  sound off please.  kudos nextbit on your transparency within these comments.
can you upload video for fingerprint to unlock lockscreen or etc? i like to see how rapid action it is and where is the sensor for fingerprint
woah, i was gone for a bit and a lot has happened. coolntonthe aussies. looks like there will be support coming your way! @nextbit, have we gotten any updates with volte coverage in bands 2/4/12?
@dennis when manufacturers say 'all day battery' they basically mean it'll get through maybe 16 hours of realistic use, in terms of having data turned on with emails/apps syncing, playing an hour or 2 of music over google music or spotify, watching a few videos or playing some games, and general calling, txting, web use.  it's a problem that battery tech has not kept up with progress in all other areas or smartphone development, and obviously is not unique to the robin. it's just unfortunate that having all the world at your fingertips you have to be constantly aware of how much you use you're phone if you want to make it home at the end of the day without the phone dying first - and sadly the only solution at present is to pack in a bigger battery. eg http://www.techradar.com/reviews/phones/mobile-phones/samsung-galaxy-s6-1285636/review/4 samsung galaxy s6 with similar enough specs and battery but a more efficient proccessor unable to get 17 hours of 'moderate' usage.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@didodido that magic cable sure is spam!  and won't work if robin is usb-c (and don't see how the hugely funded messenger bag works with it either)
@nextbit well that is embarrassing. i can't spell nextbit correctly, oops.
@nexbit you are all doing a fantastic job and i love the design of the phone. i can't wait to get this one!! for the price of this phone, i feel you just can't beat it. thanks.
@mark i don't have to worry about getting mine one, i can't get her off her 1st smartphone, that i encouraged her to get, and now her addiction is all my fault!  but, she just started packing heat, so i will have to recall every date important to her, or... ;)  i haven't told her yet about robin, but when she sees it she will say, "not again!"
by "indispensable" i mean essential  sry
@ dennis  she said shes glad this phone has the cloud because then i won't be able to forget our anniversary or her birthday. she also said she will be glad when i get this phone because then she won't have to hear about it.though if it's as good as i think it is i will  have to buy her one.
sadly i think people that listen music/video/movies will not buy this phone because of the really really little storage capabilities, even people who use spotify have their music stock on the phone, its only on wifi or at home that you can use the streaming option, i'm from france and i can have 50go 4g for only the equivalent of 25usd, but for all other country its a problem, same thing for people who like watching video from their phone. also it cause a serious damage to the battery, wich is here pretty little. finally i think that your idea is really good but she become indispensable and not an avantage since you are not providing any way to add more storage (sd port or 64go). i'm really interested by this phone, but i think for now its a "try" and not a good phone(camera f2.2 also..), the design and your ideas make me think that the next robin will be the good !
@creator i'm not sure if anyone asked this, but what kind of file management will your cloud storage feature? will there be separate areas for photos, music, video and apps? basically, what is supposed to compel me to switch from google drive? thanks
@alex no worries, mate!
@mark schwacofer @dennis could you 2 click the contact me link above and to the right? send us a message and let us know who you are.
thanks for listening to the aussie contingent!! super excited!! i'm definitely on board!! can't wait to get my hands on the phone in feb!!
@mark tell her if she had the features and specs of robin you'd be just as excited over her.  see how that goes over! ;)
@creator its certain that crowndc this guy is spamming your project:/ the link he provide transfer you to newly formed crowdfunding site that i am pretty sure crowndc own it. he is spamming all those greatly succeed kickstarter campaigns including messenger bag, creator if you have any function to reject backer, kick this guy out from your campaign.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
thanks for your quick response. really appreciate it!!! will there be a way to access the online storage content (files/docs) from laptop? so that it will be useful for me and others, if you edit the doc and get it from phone whenever we want. sorry if someone already raised this question and it was answered. also i feel battery could be 3000 mah. it would help to long last even with heavy usage.
looks like they will get there million and we will get a free quick charger. my wife is giving me crap because im so excited about this phone. something something about me not getting so excited over her.
woohoo for adding australia!! thank you! if we have already made a pledge, can we add the extra for shipping once this is live?
can you provide any details of the security that will be used for the cloud storage? 1) how our credentials for the cloud service will be stored on your servers (which algorithm)? 2) how is our data being protected in transit and what algorithms are being used? 3) will we be able to manage our own encryption keys or will you (nextbit) be managing the encryption keys? thanks!
$700k pledged in 2 days!  well, done nextbit!  happy to be an early supporter.  onward to $1m.
thanks for the update! happy backer from australia
@prakash kasiram hi! the phone has 32gb, but the cloud augments robin’s storage so that it acts like a 100gb phone.
@kelvin, yes you are right, i agree that ur idea will solve the problem.  i am not sure if this was mentioned but can we access the online cloud by the web or another device like the dropbox?
when you say "additional online storage (100 gb total)", does the total 100 gb = 32 gb (from phone) + 68 gb (online)?
@didodido your comments just betrayed the concept of whole phone haha, in my opinion, rather add the storage of the phone, make more overseas servers is a  more reasonable choice, right?
i really think that the battery life should not be an issue especially since it has quick charging available anyways, just my thought ;)
@michael i think at this point in the process, not gonna happen, only my opinion however.  have you read the article on verge that discusses the battery choice?  i suspect it will be revisited with robin 2.0.  i get the impression (by what i read and understand) it is too late in the process to change this now for this release and that the designers of this release are of the opinion the battery spec'd is adequate.  let's hope it doesn't come to bite them you know where. ;)
if server is based in usa, cloud syn is useless for international backers, it will take so long to syn the data between countries, how about make new reward that exclude 100gb cloud data but includes higher gbs of the phone? maybe 64gb or 128gb or microsd card support
@dennis 3500mah would be really really awesome.
@nextbit thanks for the quick response. and wow free 100 gb cloud storage for life! definitely keeping my pledge now. i'm excited for january, good luck!
@nextbit. thanks for the quick response. i am excited and looking forward to experiencing robin. cheers from canada
@rhiney maceachern securing your data is important and we’re paying close attention. we’ve worked extra hard to secure our servers. your actual credentials and app data will stay directly on the phone. similar to security provided by services like gmail, any apps or photos we do send to the nextbit cloud will be sent encrypted to our servers and then stored on our encrypted servers. don’t worry about your apps or data escaping into the unknown. we’ve got it under control.
@sahil patel lies!!! 100gb will be free for the life of the phone.
i'm curious as to how secure is your "cloud" with soi many hacks lately. what personal info of mine will be store in my cloud acct. thanks
i was told that the 100 gb storage only lasts free for one year, if this is true i might have to cancel my pledge
@dennis, when you say "all day" you mean with the screen off most of the day. i actually use my "phone" nearly all day. so yes, i want a much bigger battery.
wow!!!!!! i really love the friendliness and quick response here.  i thank everyone for supporting this cause.
good news for our australian friends! we have had a huge response from aussies, which sent us off to do a ton of research. we are confident robin can provide all australian users a great experience. we will be adding australia to our shipping countries in just a few hours. we hope you'll back us!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@eric adkins most definitely - you will be able to use the launcher of your choice and will still be able to take advantage of robin's space saving features.
@noorulabdeen ahmad good deal!
someone just left the spot for the early kickstarter version for a split moment, and guess what i took its place instead, now i'll be able to get the phone by january and it is only costing me $338 instead of $388 cdn . i'm so excited right now :)
@michael what is the spec'd battery lasts you all day, do you still need/want 3500+ mah?  not trying to be smart, just curious.
have backed the  phone and can't wait.would love a bigger battery though. i'm sure nobody here would be upset with an extra couple mm of depth if it meant 3500+ mah capacity
speaking of launchers and being an android powered device, i'm sure using the launcher of our choice will be fine, correct? i use aviate myself.
@dennis @alejandro @sathish kumar we will have two versions of our launcher - a “classic” version and a “simple” launcher. the simple version, which you noticed in the video focuses on just applications and the search widget. the “classic” launcher will resemble the stock android launcher with an app drawer, widgets, etc.
@abe i have to admit as early as last night laying in bed i was thinking of backing out, as i don't really need a new phone...but, being a tech buff and one to go against "the norm" or "the flow" i really want this phone! plus, i'm having fun promoting an awesome spec'd creation.
@alejandro i think you hit on something yet to be revealed (ref: app drawer) and got a tease as a response.
@creator... bit confused now. you have said os will be like stock android. but in response to alejandro you have mentioned there will be no app drawer... i was assuming stock android always has app drawer... can you please explain it a bit?
@didodido our shipping cost reflects both the actual shipping and vat costs. unfortunately, we can’t show these as separate line items, so it’s reflected in the higher total shipping cost you see as a backer. evt = engineering validation test dvt = design validation test evt and dvt units are development devices that we use internally for engineering and design review. consider them prototype devices that we use for development.
@dennis lol, $1mil stretch goal is plus for all. i'm still backing this campaign aren't i?? ;)
@mark, yeah, too bad kickstarter uses this worthless comment system. no one can follow conversations or search for answers already given.
i think it would be great if they could come up with a multi-port quick charger . then i could charge my zenfone2 , lg g4 , and my robin at once.
its so great they respond to questions and comments it makes you feel like you are apart of something and that your opinions and suggestions matter .
the time schedule looks bit confusing, what does it mean by evt or dvt? when will be the exact delivery date to backers?
the shipping cost to new zealand is more than $80, does it including any import charges or any custom charges?
@alejandro good eye! that is correct.
on the video, i didnt see an app drawer, will there not be one?
fantastic.  very excited to see the final product! k
@dennis yes, supporters are definitely all over the globe! @jerry turner there will be an accelerometer sensor. @kristopher weatherman the screen will be gorilla glass 4.
@kristopher w. per nextbit- yes, gorilla glass 4. the phone is both plastic and metal!
i've looked high and low for details, but what kind of screen glass is this going to utilize?  i'm hoping for at least gorilla 3, but 4...would be super-sweet.  i'm in for one either way...but would like to know. keep up the good work!  exciting times for you folks!
i use my phone with google fit to monitor step tracking (pedometer) as well as other parts.  will the robin be able to monitor step tracking without an accelerometer?
nextbit are you getting good global support (pledges) in the mix?
@abe might make you a "fanboy" yet! ha! ;)
looks like there's good progress. at this rate, we'll get to stretch goal in about 10 days!
@dennis absolutely, we appreciate the support of all our backers and want to be there to answer any of your questions! thanks again everyone :)
@dennis no worries. no need for internet squabble. and i agree that the phone is unique and jam-packed with features. only time will tell how this phone fares against its competitors and what it has to offer from its cloud storage capabilities. @roger my intent was not to suggest that this phone should have higher camera sensor. it's merely to inform people of the rumored sensor's photo capabilities. :)
nextbit, i commend you for your transparency and involvement during the campaign.  thank you,
@rogerm we are still evaluating a version that is compatible with verizon. if we do launch one, it will be next year at the earliest, and at retail price. if you sign in through google, your apps will transfer over but the data will not. as far as the speakers, please stay tuned throughout the campaign for more specifics and details as they come. @jesse payette-steinberg the phone will have gyro sensors and accelerometer. @kevin fellinger you can still use your current cloud service, but it will not have the same capabilities as the nextbit cloud storage. @alejandro the ui is as shown in the demo video on our kickstarter page, very similar to stock. we are running stock android.
i was lucky got in the first 800, now the hardest part is the wait. the only thing about this phone that i wish was different was that it had a removeable battery like my lg g4. one of the things that i love about this phone is the uniqueness of the look and the fact that i'm one of maybe 50k to have this phone but as the battery dies so does my phone. also im hoping the stereo speakers are somewhat good so i don't have to carry around my republic sol speaker.
i was wondering if this phone would have a stock or a nextbit ui.  stock would look really nice and crisp.
i got in on the second level backing.  can i use my current cloud service to back-up photos, or must i use nextbit service?  since i already have many photos on my current cloud service, it would be nice if i could continue to use it.  it's not a deal breaker at all.  just curious.
@abe chung , you do know your stuff! man you can buy some nice phones thru your links. i agree totally with you, they should be able to provide a good camera at there price, after looking at those sites we should get some high tech component's with robin too if they can do it so cheap chinese brands.
@abe i apologize if i caused you any grief or seemed to dismiss you.  all i mean to say is that with the camera, battery and all other specs and features considered, nexbit created an awesome product.  if indeed the camera and battery, both have been covered, don't meet your needs, so be it.  with many other factors taken into account robin is still an awesome phone and will be that to many people i hope.  nextbit has a bright future, and it will be interesting to see, as robin is embraced, how that future develops. again, if i was in anyway disrespectful to you or came across that way, that was not my intent.
i just got the $349 reward, at this time i'm locked into verizon which i take it is not compatible with this phone. you say later models should work with them, are those phones only going to be $50 more when they come out as you state at my pledge i'm only saving $50. or am i better off waiting until you have verizon models out? also will all data, apps from my galaxy s5 transfer to the robin ok? my main problem i'm out of storage and can't transfer some apps to my sd card so i'm stuck deleting apps i need for virtual reality, and my many drone apps etc. and music using all my space up. are the speakers going to be good to play music as you mention nothing about sound quality? and transfer of current phone number going to be ok?
@dennis wait, are you some kind of fanboy? you have zero idea how this phone is actually going to operate. all we really have is some resumes, a specsheet, and growing backers. there's definitely some miscommunication here, or at least some degree of "lost in translation." maybe you're stuck in this idea that i'm trying to get the company to add a better camera. i'm over that. however, i'm not going to be a sheep and just accept the specs, because not all specs are created equal. all i'm informing, the people, is the type of camera that seems to be expected on the phone. here's another article with the oppo r7 with the same sensor. http://pocketnow.com/2015/07/27/oppo-r7-camera#!prettyphoto if you review over those photos, it doesn't do very well in low light. in fact it's pretty bad. also, both reviews suggest that this is a good camera...not the same kind as currently present in the market as great standard. for me, camera and battery are two of the most important things for me in a phone. fortunately, robin does an awesome job of providing many features my perfect phone should have, but without those two non-negotiables being at the forefront, those "features" are kind of useless for me. it is becoming very apparent what you find important in a phone is not the same as what i find...and that's fine. i agree with you and @nextbit that this phone might not be for everyone. however, i'm going to come to that conclusion by figuring out what they intend to put into the device. obviously there is room for software development; however, as you have stated, "...you can't expect a phone at this level to be more than it already is." tl/dr i'm aware of hardware being set on this device. i need to know what the quality of the hardware is. and if you're going to gripe every time someone has a criticism of concern about this phone, then buckle up, because people want to know where their money is going. :)
@sathish kumar we only support flac through software.
@creator... going through the comments... i found a comment stating that the phone supports flac. does that mean the phone natively supports hi-res audio? what i mean here is does it support high-res audio both via s/w and h/w?
@abe chung they did and are doing the best they can as pointed out in the verge article.  i understand you want an awesome camera, what about a good decent camera and a place to put the pictures...cloud storage.  just saying you can expect a phone at this level to be more than it already is.  perspective.
thoughts on running this as an internet phone? ala skype + what's app. maybe a small 3g/4g contract but no carrier phone number and such. any experience with this sort of setup?
@dennis cool. i agree. however, i'm gonna do my homework and find out what the threshold for camera quality is going to be. i'm not going to blindly wait for someone to tell me this is gonna' be a great camera. unless i see some pictures and specs, i wanna know what my backed money is going to get me. :)
it's not only the camera, the driver can either suck or get the best out of the camera.  i trust nextbit is doing just that.  yes, i am a believer and early supporter of what has been offered to we as consumers.
i got the camera sensor guys, it's gotta be the same one as in this phone: http://www.chinasmartphonereview.com/doogee-f3-pro-great-looking-midranger/
@nextbit after reading the article from the verge, i'm going to trust the experience your company has and patiently wait for my robin to arrive. thanks for giving users a fresh device that will standout, in a very crowded mobile landscape.
@robert nowak @domatau sorry for the delays in getting this to you! the camera sensor model number is 3m2.
a great example of the complex interplay of component choices is the camera. "when you do a phone, you’d be surprised by how few choices you have as an oem," says croyle. "essentially, you only have two vendors that you’re choosing from: sony and samsung." with sony facing supply shortages, the nextbit team opted for samsung, but then their choice was further constrained by the fact that certain chipsets only support certain camera modules. so, having already settled on the snapdragon 808 as the robin’s processor, nextbit had to work with qualcomm to ensure proper support for the phase-detection autofocus in its camera. the company is also outsourcing camera driver development to a partner, and croyle says it is "investing as heavily as we can in it. i’m looking around for ways to spend more on the camera, and i can’t spend any more!" taken from http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/1/9232897/nextbit-robin-smartphone-design-scott-croyle-interview
@domatau - exactly my point though.  why not more than the company/aperture?  it almost seems like there is a fear too many people will back out and backing will slow down if this component is fully disclosed (given how much interest there obviously is in the camera).
@sathish kumar we hope to release more as we get further along in the process and campaign. @matt cicciarelli the cloud storage will be available for you to access! we just highly recommend getting the full experience of using robin as your phone.
"this is not the phone for everybody," notes croyle. "it will be for the people who have a similar set of values to us. you can’t please everybody with everything." and the process of balancing all the parts against one another, and making clearly defined choices about what matters more is the essence of "how product development happens." recommend reading http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/1/9232897/nextbit-robin-smartphone-design-scott-croyle-interview
did you all notice someone backed out of the early january reward for a split moment, before someone else took there spot, i tried as well, but was not able to unfortunately ;( oh well, still an amazing phone. also the battery on this phone is more than the battery of my laptop so i'm a happy camper :)
@robert nowak it was mentioned yesterday that the camera sensor is made by samsung though no mention of the model #
well said @abe chung.  i think some think the idea behind stretch goals think nextbit can reinvent the robin before release, but alas they can't and won't.  it took months of vision and hard work to create what is already an exceptional release.  focus as you said getting the word out to what is, so nextbit can indeed have a future to again create something else awesome.
would you be able to provide further details on the response that was provided below? does this mean the cloud is not available and can't be connected to from countries you are not shipping to? for example, if i run out of space on my phone while traveling in a non-supported country. can i not access the cloud? @maximus  we don't recommend this, but you are definitely still able to use robin for its cloud storage as long as we ship to your country!
not to get stuck on the camera, but if decisions with respect to hardware have been made and can't be changed, why can't we get an answer about which exact sensor is being used (unless that was disclosed)?  seems needlessly secretive.
well, at least, if the camera and battery will be a bigger factor in future iterations, we might as well get the word out so everyone gets a quick charge dock charger free with the phone. i anticipate it starts to slow down towards middle of september, due to iphone, moto x pure/style... but i think, by the mid-late sept., we should anticipate $1 mil backed.
@creator... can you post some pictures/video of your demo unit just do that we can get a actual look and feel of the device?
@jesse payette-steinberg we really appreciate your feedback on our stretch goals! honestly, we are too late in the process to make battery or camera changes. these are all things we are considering for future iterations of robin. more details on the camera can only come when we go into manufacturing and camera tuning! thanks for all your help to get us there kickstarter backers :) as far as ireland, it should work with most mobile networks based on the bands we support. please let us know if you have specific details on your needs and we will answer as best we can!
@jesse i refer you to http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/1/9232897/nextbit-robin-smartphone-design-scott-croyle-interview.  the phone presented by nextbit is not a prototype.  it is what it is.
what would be nice to see for stretched goals: - more cloud space (boost it to say 250gb) - slightly larger battery (bumped to 3000) - better camera sensor (something found on the new sony z5 or moto x pure) - depending on what is the current one being used. one thing, when will you guys be releasing pictures of the current camera sensor quality? also will this phone have: gyro, proximity, compass and accelerometer? which carriers does it work with in ireland?
@jerry turner the cable we provide will work with both regular chargers and quick chargers. @christopher choe we're working on the details for this question. please stay tuned! @maximus we don't recommend this, but you are definitely still able to use robin for its cloud storage as long as we ship to your country! we will be offering the vinyl toy as a separate pledge level soon :) great idea for accessory, thanks!
@satish: thank you :)
not sure if anyone asked this but....say that i don't have a carrier, can i still use cloud storage?  it is only to the phone right? i don't have to have a carrier, i can just use the phone how i want right? i also think it would be great if you could sell a smaller version of cloud sheep toy, something that can hang off the phone. gives the phone more personality in my opinion.
@creator does the 100gb of cloud storage go with the device, or is it tied to the user? for example, if a user decides to later on down the line sell their device, does that cloud storage move with the device? on a similar line of questioning, if a user decides to buy robin 2.0, will the user be able to keep that 100gb of cloud storage (if the storage space is user dependent and not device-dependent)
@sreekkanth... they have told that it is free as long as you use their phone.
@creator: is the 100 gb cloud storage free for a limited time or its free throughout the lifetime ?
would it be possible to add contacts on the back by the batter to handle a qi charger, even if you don't add one yourself?  i don't know what all is entailed, but it would be nice, even as an addon later to be able to add this. maybe an accelerometer could could be a decent stretch goal.  it is something that i used for a number of apps.
@nextbit @dennis thanks for the article dennis. it's a lot to consider. i'm trying to see what camera sensor was included into the verge teardown. anyone have any updates? also, nextbit, after reading the article, my apologies for the aggressive push for certain specs. i did not take into consideration the level of trade-offs for certain hardware choices, which were made. taking this into consideration, i can understand better why certain choices were made regarding the specific hardware. as you mentioned, this phone may not be for everyone. i hope the camera and battery quality will not disappoint, despite the hardware choices. if i end up parting ways with the campaigns vision due to incompatibility of non-negotiables, i wish you all the best for your future success. i will be continuing to read up on the responses and updates, and will input when i have specific questions, but will back off on the actual hardware choices for the camera and battery.
then consider this a comment for your next phone. i'd rather have an 8mm or 9mm thickness and a nice big battery.
nextbit, i for one appreciate the hard work and features you put in your first phone to have wide appeal.  thank you for creating a true flagship and contender to others.
@chris frank and @abe chung and others we really appreciate your feedback on our stretch goals, battery, and camera quality. we've worked hard to present you with the robin you see today on our kickstarter page. honestly, we are too late in the process to make changes on battery. as far as camera quality, we can't provide many more details until we go into manufacturing and camera tuning. ultimately, we need help from you all to get to manufacturing and provide you with as many answers as we can. thank you so much for your overwhelming support!
http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/1/9232897/nextbit-robin-smartphone-design-scott-croyle-interview  a must and careful read for some who think or want nextbit to redesign the robin before release.
now, its a long wait until january winter is coming and so is robin
i know multiple people have suggested it... but i would rather have larger battery capacity and camera quality than get a free quick charger as the 1st stretch goal. i don't mind paying a little extra for an add-on quick charge dock charger. what i can't do, is go out an buy a higher quality sensor or larger battery for the phone. i hope you would consider your customers and backers' feedback/suggestions!
while i did not think it was an actual option, but if you do consider a larger battery as a stretch goal, i would greatly second that request.  thanks!
hello sir,  can we please get 3300mah battery? the battery in this phone is small...
@christopher choe you hit the nail on the head. and @ben taylor yes i'm aware the dock charger doesn't come with the phone. anyone can read that. what i'm saying the cable isn't a quick charge cable, if i'm reading that right. it has to be a the dock charger that is quick charge. in that case, the calibrations on the quick charge dock charger must be same output voltage as the cable and recommended settings. and being "environmental-friendly" is company's marketable way of saying they're saving money.
i'm glad i actually have a quick charger, but not everyone might be so lucky depending on what they have.
@abe @ben yep that's why i wanted to get confirmation. it sounds like the charger won't come in the box, but i think assuming a user wouldn't want a quick charger in the box is a little silly. also not all quick chargers are created equal or don't support the best rates possible under the quick charge spec.
@abe chung if you notice the pledge levels, it only says "phone and charging cable." it doesn't come with a charging brick, as they are an environmentally-friendly company and know you already have a charger from another device.
wait, now i'm second-guessing myself. @eric lan @christopher choe it sounds like the phone itself will support regular and quick charge, and the cable is compatible with both as well, but as for the actual quick charging, are we to believe that it has to be purchased, either as an add-on (if we don't meet the stretch goal), or have to purchase one separately?
will it have wifi direct, to enable me to stream my screen on a smart tv or any other wifi device?
@eric lan and @christopher choe the cable will work with both a quick charger and regular chargers. we’re environmentally-friendly and we know most of you already have a charger you can use.
@eric that's why i was confused and hoping the @creator would give me a confirmation. it still seems silly to me that a phone advertising quick charge won't have a quick charger in the box. will there at least be a regular charger in the box? i mean what phone comes with no charger?
@rl thanks for your feedback! any updates on stretch goals will be announced during the campaign. @aaron we currently do not have plans for waterproofing. we are already working on a case, more updates to come throughout the campaign!
hello good people at nextbit! super excited about the robin and would concur with @rl whether it's anyhow possible to enable waterproofing capabilities and also to throw in a sturdy phone case? love the team and love your initiative! <3
@creator, regarding the $500000 stretch goal for the 'fast charger'?  i think you can add this as an add-on or we can buy it at outside later.  but the hardware we cant upgrade by myself or later,  please consider another best stretch goal like more battery / 64gb internal storage / better camera / microsd slot or phone case (we can not buy at outside). few more questions : robin will come with a-gps otg should need to functioned, when we can not connect to wi-fi or internet (also dont want to pay expensive data fee) please make robin at least splash and dust proof. thanks!
thanks guys. i was looking at another phone but it didn't support australia. i checked you bands/frequencies and they are all supported by australia's 3 big phone providers.  http://www.lifehacker.com.au/2015/02/lifehacker-101-all-the-mobile-phone-frequencies-used-in-australia-2015-edition/
@domatau thanks for your support and feedback! we'll get back to during the campaign if there are any changes to battery. @abe chung thanks for your feedback! we really need help from all of you to make this cloud-first phone dream a reality. we've set our goals high, but we believe in our product and our backers!
@luke and @alex we are investigating bringing robin to australia and will post an update during the campaign if we're able to do it. we were worried we couldn't fully support your networks, but it seems our fears may have been exaggerated. stay tuned! @charles c. chen we wanted to build something more personal, more human. most smartphones have techie sounding names or numbers. our phone was designed to stand out therefore we wanted a name that was more playful, that stood out from the rest. we are actively working on m. very first batch of units will have lollipop users should expect a very fast update to m within a few weeks. stay tuned as we move along and create bigger and better things! @jeremy turner regarding verizon, we cannot support verizon with hardware offered on kickstarter. we are considering another version we can sell in the future that would offer verizon support. 1) our first stretch goal is a quick charger for all backers - set usd$1 million. 2) this is not currently in the plans. 3) we will be shipping from china. 4) we are currently offering a one-year warranty on everything except physical damages.
@sikander khan 1. no, this is not a dual sim phone. 2. yes, we cover 4g in india. 3. accessories are in the works for robin. we already have cases planned and are looking into more ways to best serve you all. please stay tuned! 4. there currently are no plans for a service center india. we will try to address your concerns as best as possible. 5. robin is covered under a one-year warranty that covers everything except physical damage.
@brian jennings yes, there is support for aptx! @jung wong it should integrate seamlessly when you redownload from the cloud. @dan blackman we will be sending out a survey after the kickstarter campaign to collect information on color choices.
send to australia please new zealand is next door.
@colin 1) we anticipate this to be about 1 meter 2) we will have different options for plugs/pins to make sure we're helping all our international consumers! 3) the camera is a samsung 13mp sensor, with phase detection and autofocus.  4) we are working on getting a web interface ready for release, so that you can access your data from there. 5) completely understand! we do not anticipate any delays to the january 2016 delivery date. but unfortunately, we can’t control for things that can’t be fixed with a software update, like a delayed part shipment, or camera tuning. 6) the dimensions of the phone are 149mm x 72mm x 7mm. this is a comfortable fit for your hands! 7) the cable will work with both a quick charger and regular chargers. we don't have specific details on charger times yet, but please stay tuned for updates! we anticipate with our battery capacity and screen we should have great battery life. 8) thanks for your idea! we're always looking at new ways to make our software as user-friendly as possible, so something to consider for the future.
@christopher choe "when we hit $1 million everyone gets a quick charger with their order. we’ve already had a ton of great feedback and questions about charging. as our community grows with more backers, together we can make sure everyone gets the best, fastest recharge robin can offer. it's another big goal, but hell we hit the first one in 10 hours. with your help, this won't take long, right? keep spreading the word and we'll keep working to make you all happy. thank you again. we know next now would have been next never without you. " what they mean is that the phone supports quick charging but it will not come with a quickcharger power brick that you plug into the wall.  if you want one you will have to either pay extra for it *if* we don't reach the stretch goal.  but i see them reaching the stretch goal.
@creator i am a little bit confused by the first stretch goal. will the phone not come with a quick charger by default? it seems a little strange to have a phone advertised with quick charge to not include one in the box. could you clarify the position of that? is it for a single quick charger or an additional one?
@sebastien @erkan and others concerned about shipping costs our shipping costs include both actual shipping and vat. unfortunately, we can't show these as separate line items on kickstarter. this reflects in the number you see for shipping. this also means you will not receive any other charges. thank you for your patience!
@creator thanks for the quick response. however, my actual question was if the screen is off, will the fingerprint sensor unlock the phone, or do you have to turn on the screen first then unlock the phone using the fingerprint sensor?
i believe that the robin will more than double it's goal by tonight! they can do it, the design attracts the majority of the people, everything else is extra :) best of luck
i'm with you alejandro. phone is not out yet, you pledged and already treaten to take away your pledge...
@stu thanks! looks like 4g/lte in uk is absolutely fine then.
@wilson wong we're aware of the latency issue. as of today we do our testing on a us datacenter but we plan to expend before launch and you'll connect to a closer datacenter. latency should not be a concern. @mauro  we're considering double tap to wake up the device at the same time the finger print sensor to unlock the device negates this need. @colin  the finger print sensor will unlock the phone
most of you guys are ungrateful, the nexus 5 2015 has the same specs and no one is complaining
i mentioned this pretty late, last night; however, i'm not sure if nextbit is going to comment: if it's going to take $500,000 for the nexy stretch goal of a quick dock charger, imagine the other possible stretch goals, such as a larger battery capacity or a better camera sensor.. what will the stretch goal have to be. let's break that down.. it seems that after the $500,000 (which was the easy part 1000 backers * $324 (minimum) = $324,000)... if we get about $100,000 backers daily (that's if...), we'd have $1,000,000 backed by september 10. for them to reach another $500,000, it would take them another 10 days, which should probably slow down...unless it speeds up. i don't see that likely...but i wish for it to be proven wrong. i hope this increases exponentially, which would increase battery and camera quality. that being the case, this phone would hands down be a killer phone.
@jérémy benaiche the phone does in fact support lte band 7, which is the 2600mhz band. so there will not be any problems for the people in europe on that matter.
@nextbit  - with the current design being only 7mm thick, would you guys consider implementing a bigger battery say around 3000mah or more?  i think most if not all of the backers who've jumped in wouldn't mind a slight bump in thickness in exchange for awesome battery life :) #fingercrossed
hard reading through all the previous comments but i tried...  it appears that you have not commited to any additional bands for carriers, however you keep eluding that verizon may be possible.  i would actually recommend looking into making this a full spectrum phone.  your coverage would then include mvnos as well as google fi (which would require both sprint and t-mobile), while i would really like to see it work with ting (sprint). 1) you didn't mention any stretch goals, i know that they can always delay a project but it may be worth it for some items.  water resistance, larger online storage, new colors, case, sprint coverage (adds mvnos and google fi), etc. 2) an accelerometer is not mentioned, is this included in the sensors? 3) where will you be shipping from? 4) what can we expect for support, other startups have really had major issues with support.
agree with eric and abe.  i'm not looking for the latest and greatest.  what you've designed seems to really hit a good sweet spot in terms of size and functionality and cost.  if the camera and battery life are average or below average, however, everything else is moot.
+1 for the battery and the camera (the camera is very very important on todays smartphone. for those who asked : the robin does not support the 2600 mhz lte band ! so there will be problems with european careers. so +1 for supporting the 2600mhz band
so to the creator- please, please, please explain with pics or something tangible on the camera side and provide sots or something that will give backers an idea of what battery life could look like. surely you have some pre-production models that could give us something. i also agree with abe chung on the potential of what this has and could be! i really want to be a part of this, but you got give me more. i believe that most people who backed this are not the average mobile device user, lol. so show us some love with tangible data.
@eric adkins agreed on the moving backwards comment; however, regarding the other things. the camera quality on the opo suffered in low-light. if robin's wants to retain my backing, the low-light quality must be better than my opo. in day-light, my opo is fine. heck, most of everyone's camera on their phones are fine. and as far as battery, with a stripped os, upcoming marshmallow battery optimization, i probably anticipate a day's usage...hopefully around 4-5 sot similar to my opo usage. if the phone addresses these two issues. we'll have to see..sooner than later hopefully. i'll give this campaign until mid-late september and if these issues aren't addressed, i'm backing out. there's no point in waiting until january when there's plenty of other phones that have addressed these two specs. it would be a shame too, they have the potential for something awesome, front facing speakers, nfc, quick charge, fingerprint sensor (on the side too, without sliding!!!) and an innovative cloud storage integration.
@abe chung might just need to take a leap of faith then.  hopefully they can provide *some* detail on the plan to provide a "fantastic" experience.  what would prevent them from disclosing camera info?  i read one article about the creators talking about the decisions they had to make and how one decision is connected to another.  so it seems hardware information decisions are made already.
@scott - great industrial design... looking forward to dumping my iphone and using this one as my primary..  keep it up guys!
@abe chung if they can give me battery life and camera quality equal to or greater than my opo, then i'd be happy. i don't want to go backwards having a device in my hands in 2016. especially during this time, when new devices are about to hit the market.
@eric adkins @robert nowak this is what the creator responded to my concerns for camera and battery: "@abe chung  3 & 4) both battery and camera quality are super important to us. we'll make every effort to provide you with something fantastic. as far as details, we'll have a better of this once we go into manufacturing. that's why we need your help to get there through kickstarter!  5) we had to make some choices. if we're able to get 4k video later, we will issue this as a software update. " not sure how people will take that, but it seems that if they get enough backers, they'll beef up the hardware? i don't know tbh. it sounds very vague to me...which is why it's concerning.
@abe chung @robert nowak  i also agree with you both. for me to continue to back something like this, i need more details. i plan to give them time to do that, but if i don't see it sooner rather than later, i'll have to pull out. so please give us more details or something we can see. i really want this to be the device that changes the game, but it needs good hardware and software support in order to do that.
why is the smartphone named "robin"? a bird flying in the cloud? is the phone going to be updated with the latest android os like google's nexus devices? are you going to make a tablet that also shares app storage in the cloud using your software? or create an app that will do the same as robin? i often need the larger screen of a tablet to be able to see text with my 55 year old eyes.
@abe chung i might be in the same boat as you.  one of the reasons i want to upgrade is for a better camera experience.  the campaign says the camera is amazing.  we really need to hear more about how they are planning to make that happen.  specs alone don't make a camera, but they sure don't hurt either.
@trevor schmalz and @aaron bloomfield oh goodness, i hope not. that low light picture is awful. my opo can do better than that. let's be honest, how much can that camera sensor provide? it has about 1.125 micron pixels, including phase detection, like the one advertised by creator. that including the 2,680 mah battery, combines for great concern. i don't know how much better the software can beef up the quality, given that most companies now, are standardizing f/1.8-2.0 aperture, ois/laf/pdaf, and image processing with a large dedicated team to focus on the software side. being a small start-up company, can we really expect flagship quality software and hardware? i would like these two issues to be at the forefront of this phone's campaign. because if it's not, i'm afraid i will have to remove my backing.
@sebastien, @colin, i checked and it supports the three lte bands. these are 1800 (3), and thanks to sharing with ee, 2600 (7).
super excited for this phone.  any idea how long the battery will last under heavy/moderate usage?  i read that you guys are going to optimize the software.  hopefully that'll make it last longer than an average android phone using a 2600 mah battery?
@aaron bloomfield let's hope it's not the same sensor as those pics.....cause they look horrible.
@abe chung: if it's a recent 13mp samsung, my guess is it's the s5k3m2 sensor, which is also found in the new $125 xiaomi redmi note 2 (and seems alright -- here are samples of photos from that camera: http://www.phonearena.com/news/first-xiaomi-redmi-note-2-camera-samples-surface_id72620)
@abe thanks. nobody has time to read 300 comments ;)
please add a replaceable battery, that's all i want in life...is phones that can outlive a single battery sigh
@abe chung: software can go a long way though. if you've ever flashed from a stock rom to an aosp rom, you'd know that the generic google camera or cyanogen camera really sucks because it's lacking all of the software optimization you'd get on the stock rom. obviously good hardware is good, but software can do wonders.
well, this has gotten a lot of press. 1) camera is very important, as i (and many others) no longer carry around our "big" cameras while walking around. the camera on the note 4 is excellent, and i feel as though this should be a major consideration for robin - ois, image quality, etc. 2) with regard to the always-on listening being left out, will there be an "always-on" motion sensor (i.e., step counter)? not a big deal, but just curious. also, i was under the impression that always-on listening was a standard snapdragon 800-series feature?
@rik brouwers @aaron bloomfield "early adopters will receive a surprise engraving on the special sim tray."
@aaron bloomfield this was explained below: 1.i think some kind of engraving. 2. he told me it was a samsung sensor with a f/2.2 aperture. this is concerning because i think samsung galaxy s 5 had very similar camera sensor stats....in which case will suuuuuuck.
indeed, this sim-tray thing puzzles me also. i was too late but if it's special i need a hook-up (after all, you guys didn't send me the notification :p ).
hi guys, three quick questions from an early supporter: 1. what makes this a "very special sim tray"? 2. what 13mp sensor are you using? 3. how firm is the january release date now that the project has been funded? can't wait to hold this. hats off to you guys for offering the first low-cost phone with global lte (i can't believe this is so hard to find). aaron
@sebastien by the way, what number were you in the reservation list for oneplus? i'm around 26k and no invite yet :(
+1 for double tap to wake and screen off gesture shortcuts! +1 for dual sim!
@sebastien you ignored your oneplus invite! wow, i'm also waiting for mine, but was gonna get it as well as the robin if it arrived. i figured both phones would be easy enough to sell on if i decided against it later.
hi i'm one of the early backers and have a few questions / suggestions: 1. i understand that the $100 ‘shipping’ is also inclusive of the phone’s vat, which is fair enough. does that mean that i should not expect any customs charges etc.? can you confirm there are no further costs to this? 2. i’ve owned a number of phones (nexus, oneplus etc.) – priorities for me are a good camera (particularly for pictures at night, or when lighting is suboptimal), fast processor, good audio soundcard and quality materials (e.g. high quality glass screen protector like gorilla glass etc.) – particularly as i see there is no warranty for physical damage. i also really like the ‘double-tapping’ to wake the phone up feature on my oneplus – even better would be the ability to make up patterns on the screen when it’s off and decide what each pattern does / launches. 3. i’ve had to painfully ignore the oneplus 2 invite i got this morning because i backed robin instead – please please please do everything in your power to have them shipped in january as planned. one of the reasons i was dissatisfied with oneplus  was their constant delays. 4. same q as colin below - will the robin be fully compatible for use in the uk with the "three" 4g/lte network? 5. if everything is backed up online etc. – please ensure not everything is uploaded to a same folder (i.e. if i take a picture, and then send it to someone on whatsapp, i don’t want the same picture uploaded twice). could there be a system that detects duplicates? thanks! seb
@john proffer creator already mentioned (below) it would sync during charge and wifi (default setting).
question regarding the constant sync/backup feature of using the cloud with this phone -- since it's so seamless and integrated, what's to stop the phone from plowing through our very limited monthly data plans, causing us to be billed extra or our speeds throttled?
hi @jackson, could you not solicitate other people's campaign in current one? we're trying to keep this comment section applicable to the phone's features, specs, and updates, and i find it annoying that you've made two same comments about some cable from another campaign funding site. thanks.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hi @creator, i was in the first 100 to back this project and was surprised the cost of shipping “$95!!!” to uk. 1- can i ask why is the shipping so expense to the uk please? 2- please confirm the compatibility of 4g/lte network use in uk (ee, three, vodafone) 3- does 3-pin uk adapter included? 4- does fingerprint sensor unlock the device when the screen is off?
@maximilian as far as i know, that's been a native feature of android for a while using google play music. https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1143668… . the only caveat being that while personal music is supported, it's usually transcoded to mp3 or kept as wma. it also does nothing for using alternative media players or file formats. so it really depends on your need. most of this cloud storage will probably end up being used for music for me since i usually buy cds or natively buy wav/flac files.
i wish you had a solution for storing music in the cloud. the ability to play and store my music well is one of the main features i'm looking for in a new phone. is there any chance you will develop something to do this in the future?
to al caravicci  oh my gosh that was exactly what was going to ask.  i echo his question...this is something that can be done on the sofware side of things do you plan on offering such service in the future?
1600 backers! please add dual-sim for second stretch goal
please ship to australia!!! loving the design!!! i'll be the first one to buy it!!! take my money now!!!
instead of a phone, couldn't this dream all be done in software.  maybe a new launcher we could use over top of crap touchsense?   the launcher would also feature a virtual folder for all the cloud saves / and it's own store.  kind of like amazon underground / humblebundle / nova launcher.  i don't understand the hardware requirement? once google enables cloud saves for everyone, this dream will be forgotten?  or am i missing something this phone can do that others can not?
hi @nextbit, one question : even for the french market, the phone is not going to be compatible with the 2600mhz band? because, up here, it's used for 4g by all the operators. thank you for your answer.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@creator what is the air speed velocity of an unladen robin?
will the robin be fully compatible for use in the uk with the "three" 4g/lte network?
hi, this is sikander from india. i have couple of questions please 1. is this dual sim phone? 2. may i assume that phone will work perfectly on 4g in india? 3. will you offer screenguard and flipcover? 4. is there any service centre in india, incase we need or what to do please let me know. 5. will you offer extended warranty? regards! sikander
how can i make sure i get the mint color when i have the early bird special ?
will this work for straight talk?
+1 for a fast & good quality camera question: for certain apps & games that are large due to the add-ons instead of the apps themselves (e.g. spotify with offline playlists, whatsapp with medias received, games with downloadable contents), when robin offload them to the web, do the add-ons remain on the phone or also offloaded to the web? because the add-ons usually take up a lot more space (compared to the app). after it's offloaded, if we want to use the app again, do we have to then download these add-ons via wifi/data? thanks, and please forgive me for asking so many questions :)
guy´s, first of all, great phone! the feature list is like a brain dump straight from my brain. special thanks to supporting (almost) all lte bands... specially for germany band 20 is a must. almost nobody gets this. thank you so much! ;) now some criticism, i hope you will evaluate your shipping costs, 95$ to germany is a "little" ;) to high. i mean really. feature requests: please make eu/uk plugs available for the charger, or at least a choice. please make the camera really good... ;) ois and laser auto focus would be cool! please let it have aptx support for bt please let it have double tab to wake/sleep thanks!
ok, i'm guessing that with the high shipping costs ($95!!!) that all the local and relevant taxes etc are covered? so that i won't be hit with another $95 if i actually want to go and pick it up!
wait, what? no otg support? so this means i can't connect this to my external dac? at least tell me there's support for aptx. is there?
one more question. 9) does the fngerprint sensor unlock the device even when the screen is off?
hi,  couple of questions, sorry if already answered but i did not see when i had a quick look. 1) how long is the charging cable? 2) i'm from the uk, will a uk 3 pin plug adapter be supplied? 3) does the camera have ois and laser autofocus? 4) with the cloud storage, am i able to download the photos and videos to my pc to free up cloud space? 5) did you include a buffer into the jan 2016 date, or is this the earliest possible date you would expect it to be ready? i'm asking because i don't want to be in a position that i'm waiting for this phone and then come december i get an update to say there is a delay. not with all these other choices coming up (oneplus, ubik, nexus, wileyfox, moto, zuk etc) 6) the shape of the device looks very square. do you have a comment on it being potentially uncomfortable in the hand after long use? i think possibly the sony phones have this issue as they are quite square. 7) if the stretch goal is not met, does it mean the current cable will not quick charge the phone? if so, how long would it take to fully charge from empty? with quick charge, do you have any figures on how quickly it would charge in 10mins for example? 8) in the future, would it be possible to use third party cloud providers for the integrated cloud storage instead of nextbit servers? i'm asking because many of us have already cloud solutions with >100gb of allowance. thanks!
is it possible to access the cloud from a laptop or another device and synchronize movies, music etc. that way?
please guys, implement the double tap to wake and to switch off the display. it's one of the most usefull and smart implementation!
@creator - please consider including a high quality glass screen protector with the phone. since there won't be 3rd party accessories, we rely on you to produce these options. regular plastic screen protectors are easier to obtain since we can always cut it from a larger protector, but we can't do that with a glass one. also, will you be showing us a working prototype with a video walk-through of the os & hardware? better yet, will you ship the prototype to review websites for a non-biased hands-on or comparison with current major flagship phones? thanks!
hi,  guys who are facing exorbitant shipping rates as close as $100 can apply this trick. choose lowest shipping country hong kong ($14) visit shopandship.com ..... an aramex subsidy. further shipping is $10 only. shipping to my country e.g. india -$98 ship it to hongkong $14 from hong kong to india via shop and ship $10 net shippong $24 compared to earlier $98
will there be phone case stretch goals/add ons?
quote: we have our own cloud servers and technology for robin's storage. it won't be google drive, so we won't eat into your google drive capacity. i would like to ask where will the server place ,like us or jp. i am afarid that i have high latency for the connection.
thanks for all your enthusiasm today, and for being patient with us as we answer questions throughout the day. we are heading into the later hours here in sf so response time may slow down but we will work our hardest to get everything answered as soon as we can :) we appreciate you all!!!
i'm a bit concerned about the black bars around the screen,are there any thoughts about this?
@jay we have our own cloud servers and technology for robin's storage. it won't be google drive, so  we won't eat into your google drive capacity. basically, root access won’t be enabled out of the box, but with an unlocked bootloader, you can do what you want. we've done this specifically for security reasons.
@lamine ouadahi we support all those except 2600 (band 38) for lte. @leo we do not have this feature, sorry! @neville chettiar unfortunately, the robin on kickstarter will not work with verizon. we are investigating a second version of robin that could work on verizon to launch after we begin fulfilling kickstarter orders. @vanessa valerie tay robin is unlocked so if your sim is compatible with an unlocked phone, then you’re golden. we do support and ship to singapore.
hi, i'm sorry that you guys don't have any support for verizon - kinda strange though since the phone supports all the wcdma bands and most of the lte bands except for lte band 13. will this lack of support change with this phone or is this pretty much it ? was really excited to back something this cool.. but if it wont work for me, then i'd havta bow out.
hi, you said there are exciting things for robin regarding the battery and camera life. are you hinting that it will part of stretch goals? like, you mean to increase battery life or to increase sensor quality? if it requires $500,000 to include dock charger, how much more will backers have to stretch to get better camera or battery specs? not sounding like a negative nancy, but i'm just trying to gauge the company's direction and vision. even pc magazine said that no real information was given regarding the camera and battery quality. in any case, i'm pretty excited about the vision for the company! hoping for the best things for this phone and company!
hey guys! pardon my ignorance but will robin be compatible with the sim cards that singapore telcos use? i assume that if you ship to singapore, it means it's compatible? thanks! :)
@sathish kumar we'll get back to you on that answer as soon as we can! @victor the geek sorry to hear that. we are investigating a second version of robin that could work on verizon to launch after we begin fulfilling kickstarter orders. we hear you!
also, will there be any different security measures taken to protect the user, given that the phone ships with an unlocked bootloader? if we can lock it once we get it, then that's cool. i'm just curious.
@jonathan laureano android pay, yes! @jason png we do support and ship to malaysia! our quick charger will have a uk compatible version. @léo 1) yes, we support flac. 2) the thing that separates robin from other android phones is our smart storage solution that seamlessly expands as you add more to your phone. we don't anticipate a 64gb model currently.
hello. so with the cloud, will this be using google drive's cloud, since it's android, or will this be an entirely different cloud that is built and maintained by nexbit? thank you!
hello, does the robin support double tap to wake? 應該有繁體中文吧？
hi there. can you please let me know if i'll work on these bands ? (videotron -canada). thanks fréquences lte :	700/1700/1800/1900/2600 fréquences 3g :	850/900/1700/1900/2100 fréquences 2g :	850/900/1800/1900
@victor the geek i'll take it as i am also a early pledge but when my go saw the phone she was all about the mint so there went mine... but on a side note, why are u stick to verizon? they do have the best coverage but att networks are pretty much equal now. unless maybe ur in the mountains? i don't know about those areas
@carrie not initially, may be added as a stretch like the quick charger to be added if they reach $1m in backers.  but, i doubt even then.
was so excited about this phone and just read it doesn't work with verizon. who wants my early adopter pledge level? i'm out.
hello, does the double kickstarter special come with cases?
honestly, my only con about the phone would be the bezel but otherwise, the phone looks so beautiful
why is usb otg left out? seems like a no brainer. the lack of 4k video is fine for me since 32gb isn't much for 4k anyways, but otg doesn't seem to have any drawbacks or limitations.
holly molly! 152$ shipping and taxes for a 340 phone, living in hungary is really hard :o
@kevin yuen yes, it will be using usb-c for charging :)
will you guys use usb-c for charging cable?
1 ) will the robin do the high-resolution audio at 24bit/96khz 2) no way a version come with 64go or sd slot ?
and to all new and who do not know the answer here are few things you should know before deciding to give your money: 1. battery is 2680 mah and non removable. 2. no infrared, no pedometer afaik. 3. camera is 13 mp with f/2.2 . 4. 3gb ram, 32 gb internal storage, 100gb cloud (not sure about how this gonna work in future though coz they may introduce monthly rate for cloud storage later, it's business baby! )  5. snapdragon 808 processor without 4k video support 6. nfc,  fingerprint sensor on the right side
guys, thanks for the quick charger as a 1 mil stretch goal. but its unfortunate that it does not have wireless charging technology.
will the phone have wifi direct which will enable me to mirror my phone on to my tv?
hi. do you support malaysia lte/4g networks? does the phone ship with uk spec charging adapter/230v ? thanks
will robinos support androidpay?
i think i already know the answer but i want to double check: is there an infrared sensor on it similar to galaxy phones? i love controlling my tv with my phone.
i was talking to sales reps from multiple phone carriers today and i somehow convinced each and everyone to back this phone, not even joking they did it while they were at work. *they didn't reply to me for like 10 minutes, but it was definitely worth it! it's compatible with all canadian mobile carriers :)
crazy to think this is only slightly over 1500 phones sold not including the distributors. china is putting us to shame! thanks for trying to change the market guys!
@cam dimsey thanks so much for the info! we're looking into this and will have an update on availability in australia soon.
@magnum steele 1. at this point we do not plan on supporting otg 2. no 3. yes 4. root won't be enabled out of the box, but with an unlocked bootloader, you can do what you want. 5. unfortunately not, due to battery optimizations we do not support always listening. 6. no 7. robin has gyro, magnetometer, and light sensors. @philippe thibault when we send out our survey for further details for your specific order, then you will have the opportunity to choose between mint and midnight colors. @yong zhi yes absolutely! @cole walk the current device being sold on kickstarter will not, but we will consider a future version of robin that has full support for verizon. @rey we do not have final weight of the device at this time. @trever schmalz we are still in the process of tuning our device so we do not have final on time measurements. @alejandro unfortunately no @j.s. the tops and bottom are plastic, the middle section is a combination of plastic and metal. @david deudor sorry robin will not support qi charging @matt cicciarelli unfortunately robin doesn't have full support for all australian 4g networks. we didn't want to offer you a less than optimal experience. however, we are working hard to make it available in your area according to our rigorous standards
i am super stoked about this device. all i ask for is good battery life, a competitive camera, and timely updates. i'm keeping my opo, until this awesome device arrives at my door in 1/2016. please keep us (the backers) updated. rock on!
:d btw, if cloud based sim is too far away, dual sim would really attract the business users who needs to travel across different countries.
regarding the decision for australia.. if the phone has bands 1/3/5/7/8/28, this should work with the major networks optus and telstra. either way, i'm still excited for the phone. however it would be awesome to get it shipped straight to oz versus the us.
@nextbit congratulations on hitting your goal in record time and can't wait to see what else you have in store because i know you'll be blowing by stretch goals. question has qi wireless charging come up as a feature that could make its way to the final robin?
what part of the phone is metal and what part is plastic? any chance of a full black version?
since this is already met its goal, do you think it will be released sooner than next year? p.s i am so exited to try this phone out!!!
the small battery worries me. have you guys tested to see how long it lasts through regular use??
weight of the phone? thanks! can't wait for this phone. it really looks badass!
i understand it isn't available now, but in the future, will robin (the current version) be able to work with verizon?
yes it does. australia uses 1/3/5/7/8/28. all covered in your spec sheet. if it's because there is one network using 40 but only on as limited trial then that should be ignored. maybe you guys can review this decision.
hi there, i am from singapore and backed this project. would i be able to experience the phone fully from here? thanks! (:
hello! i have took the second option. the one with the phone and the charger. i would like to know if i will be able to chose the colour. thanks in advance for the response :)
@cam dimsey unfortunately robin doesn't have full support for australian 4g networks. we didn't want to offer you a less than optimal experience. we're looking to make robin more widely available in the future!
@michael leung wassup michael! now that we've reached our goal, stay tuned to hear more details about what else we have planned. battery management is definitely part of them! @christopher choe hey christopher! the current vinyl sheep toys are kickstarter only specials, so get em now! the cases will be available at launch as well :)
1. will robin support otg (on-the-go) cable connection so we can watch movies and listen to music on long flights, or road trips via usb flash drive etc. . .? 2. can we redirect the cloud feature to our own personal cloud server in our home? 3. will tethering and portable wifi hotspot be supported in the os? 4. will the os have superuser access and allow us to install apk's that require root? 5. will robin support always listening function, i.e. ok google, or alexa, or robin? 6. will the battery be removable? 7. will there be sensors to support fitness apks, and gyro sensors for gaming apks? i am an early supporter, and look forward to seeing what the final phone looks like.  i do think that a micro sd slot is important to people on the road, as streaming is not an option when there is no service available.
why aren't you shipping to australia? those sheep enthusiasts over the ditch in new zealand get this but not us?
looked away and funding goal reached  - congrats to the nextbit team and can't wait for robin to arrive!
woohoo!!! thanks everybody for your support! we've reached our goal!! y'all are awesome possums!
congrats on funding! looking forward to seeing them stretch goals :d
@creator will the option to buy the vinyl sheep and case be available after the campaign be over? i assume the case will be, but is the sheep going to be a kickstarter only special?
any possibilities to have a larger battery as stretch goals? that is the only thing i am concerned about.  otherwise, great phone.
opo owner, passed on op2, got onboard after specs and features released as an early backer.  congrats nexbit, well done!
good going you all!
@andrew markham hey andrew! unfortunately, we won't be supporting wireless charging this time. #soshad but, we will definitely be supporting quick charge! @avrumie saf not a problem, avrumie! users will be able to select whether robin should upload only apps or only photos :d @arthur zakaryan hey arthur, the phone shell is made of a combination of plastic and metal. we feel it's super comfortable to fit in your hand, but durable and sleek. woohoo! @ultra magnus great question, mr. magnus! currently, robin will not support baton. #sorry @sameer venjara hey sameer! the fingerprint sensor is on robin's right side
yehaw they got financed! and i was one of the first 1000
nextbit robin just reached its funding goal ;) congratz to you all!
@ sameer verjara on power switch.
7k to go yehaw!
where is the  fingerprint sensor located?
this might seem like a silly question to ask but will baton work with robin coming from a one plus one it would be nice to be able to just transfer everything between the two devices
hi there, sorry if someone has asked this already as i didn't have time to go through all the comments but can you tell us what the phone's case construction is made of? looks like a nice polycarbonate like nokia's phones of the last several years.
review from pc.mag http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2490289,00.asp
can someone do a side by side comparison of robin against moto x style??
apologies if this has already been asked. are you able to choose what you want being uploaded to the cloud?
looks to be an awesome device guys. only question i have is are there any plans for wireless charging?
@chris frank hey chris! we're already actively working on the m update. while the first few units may be on lollipop, users should expect a very speedy update available for m within a few weeks after launch!
you mentioned that custom roms will not support the cloud function you guys have integrated into your lollipop interface, but what are your plans for android m, which will be coming out around the same time u are shipping? do you have an plan for an update to m not too long after launch? or are u stuck with lollipop for a while?
@sathish kumar the phone comes with unlocked boot loader, so you can get root access if you would like it. we've done this for security reasons.
i love the idea and i am excited about getting the product.. but before i buy a phone, i need to know the user interface is going to be amazing. could you guys post a video of your custom user interface that the phone will ship with?
hi... i am sorry if my question is redundant? just wanted to be clear. does this phone come with root access? just wanted to confirm since it is mentioned that we can load our favourite custom roms. also if we load any custom rom, do we loose the fingerprint scanner and cloud functionality?
i was reading tech times and some were concerned that they thought it was mandatory to keep there storage in the cloud.that if you was ever bought up by a bigger co. that it would cost them a fortune to keep using the cloud.
@steven wong. true but (1) iphones have giant 1.5 micron pixels (2) iphone 6+ is considered superior to iphone 6 and it does have ois (3) apple has way more money to put into development for the software for their camera.  apple never has bleeding edge hardware, they put that money into software
@abe chung 3 & 4) both battery and camera quality are super important to us. we'll make every effort to provide you with something fantastic. as far as details, we'll have a better of this once we go into manufacturing. that's why we need your help to get there through kickstarter! 5) we had to make some choices. if we're able to get 4k video later, we will issue this as a software update. 6) we know most of you already have a charger you can use. robin is also quick charge enabled, so we’re even ready for new chargers if you have one. and if you don’t have one, we’re working to make a quick charger available for you to purchase soon. 7) yes, once our campaign is over, we'll send out a survey to collect info on color choice.
just to remind everyone, the iphone 6 camera doesn't have ois and has an aperture of 2.2, like the robin. the iphone's camera is perfectly suitable for me. if this newfangled flash is an advancement then i am happy.
well its good to know that the price will not be greater than $350.  i like that i can just hang back and wait until i see some stretch goals and might jump in.
i'm an early supporter and i think a great phone should be more than the sum of its parts -- and that looks like what is being done here, but that camera really concerns me.  no ois and a 2.2 aperture.  not sure what kind of software tricks are up their sleeves, but i really hope that doesn't disappoint.
@cole wolk missed the part about the wall charger! we’re working to make a quick charger available for you to purchase soon.
@noorulabdeen ahmad   you sane buddy? i know i don't have to buy it. everybody knows. i'm trying to push them to have better specs rather than releasing an already outdated phone on 2016.
@noorulabdeen ahmad stay tuned for updates on this! @robert nowak sorry about that! robin comes with a one-year warranty that covers pretty much everything except physical damage. @k5cents we will get back to you on details for this asap! @cole wolk we believe that our phone is for early adopters and people who are picky about their technology. we also believe that a lot of you already have a set of headphones that you prefer to use - and we knew any in-box headphones couldn't do it justice.
awesome, thanks for the quick updates. here is my responses to some of the updates: 2. yes, please do so, quickly. t-mobile has been aggressively requiring oem's to certify all supported lte bands with volte, and if you don't, you will probably be required to remove the band support for t-mobile because of call-through issues. 3. i'm aware you probably won't be able to disclose the actual sensor model. you mentioned it takes pretty snappy quick pictures. does it fare well in low-light, similarly with samsung galaxy s6 or lg g4? 4. i see. also, like above, you probably won't be able to fully disclose this, but you said battery optimization is key for this phone, being that one of the leading developers of battery optimization is on it. can we expect a full day's worth of battery on the phone? extras, not in response to previous questions: 5. as previously asked, snapdragon 808 does support 4k video. is this a certification that was not added for this phone? 6. it says we will get a charging cable...does this mean we have to purchase a separate dock charger or does that come with it? 7. will early adopters be able to choose the phone color? again, thanks for the quick responses!
@dugue yes, we support flac. @abe chung 1. yes! 2. we're checking on volte, but we do believe we will support band 12. we'll get back to you on this.  3. the camera is a samsung 13mp sensor, with phase detection and autofocus. 4. by default, cloud backups occur when you're plugged in and connected to wi-fi. we definitely don't want to drain your battery.
1) most other smartphones on the market have headphones included, and no one expects the sound to be top notch. however, they are good for backup (at least) and receiving headphones makes it seem like you are getting more with the purchase. honestly, it comes across as though you are choosing cheaper options, rather than the "good for the environment" option as you are suggesting. 2) what about a wall adapter?
to nextbit, what will the return policy be? i have backed the campaign but am afraid a phone of this size will be too large for my liking. if i receive the phone and decide i'm not a fan, what will my options be as far as a refund?
@dharma poudel if you don't like it, you don't have to purchase it :)
here is my honest opinion: since everything is already stored on cloud these days. your phone 'robin' is the new-old. 2680mah battery is pretty low. snapdragon 808 with no 4k video support? really?  f/2.2 camera is no good at all. no headphone with the set? why don't you ask us to buy charger too? .... to be continued
@neville chettiar in the us robin will only work on at&t, t-mobile, and any mvnos that use them. @ha1tham we support saudi arabia, although we do not currently ship there. if we have a successful campaign, we will increase the number of countries we ship to from our own site as long as robin supports the bands in your country.
$50,000 to go!
@seksit atta-ekanan the thing that separates robin from other android phones is our smart storage solution that seamlessly expands as you add more to your phone. since the cloud storage can grow, we've eliminated the need for micro sd. @lilo we don't have water resistance planned for this version of robin, but something to consider in the future! @thai luong thanks so much, so happy to have your support!
@cole wolk just like you, we're environmentally friendly. we know that most people throw the standard headphones away because they usually aren't very high quality. we also know that most of you already have a better set of headphones you can use. cost cutting and being environment friendly - both are different things... you're cutting basic accessories
my question never got answered (and now is buried) so i'll ask again: what kind of customer support can we expect for this?  warranty?  there is no carrier or store to go to if something goes wrong.
maybe an antutu score along with battery benchmark would be nice to see too, unless you are withholding that until after you are backed... but i think you have done well enough in your first day to not worry about losing too many people.
to abe chung, cloud sync is default when you connect to charger and with wifi on, so that would not have effect on battery.  good question though, i like to know the expected battery screen on time.
can we get a look at the usb-c charging cable please? does it look as good a the phone itself?
@cole wolk just like you, we're environmentally friendly. we know that most people throw the standard headphones away because they usually aren't very high quality. we also know that most of you already have a better set of headphones you can use. @robert guzowski unfortunately robin doesn't have full support for australian 4g networks. we didn't want to offer you a less than optimal experience.
hi, cool phone. can't wait yo try it out. could you confirm these questions? 1. does 2100mhz support tmobile's 1700/2100 support? 2. will volte be supported for bands 2/4/12 on tmobile, given the recent moto g/e band 12 removal debacle? 3. what camera sensor is in the robin? you said the camera is f/2.2 which is pretty low, given the competition's camera specs of f/1.8-2.0 and laf/ois standard. how does the camera compare to the current flagships? 4. 2,6xx may is pretty small for today's market. how does your phone purport to get a day's worth of usage given that cloud syncing will probably drain battery faster? if these questions could be answered, that'd be greatly appreciated! again, thanks for the cool innovative phone!
i mean the hi-re audio resolution in 24bits
@junior eluhu unfortunately, no you will not be able to use google project fi @melih altay yes, it will work in austria @dugue do you mean on calling, over bluetooth, or something else? we do support aptx bluetooth streaming.
to pranav khare, i think the creator meant the feature of cloud allowed you to get all your apps sync via cloud back and all other photos no matter how many times you drop your phone in the toilet.
hi creators: you are saying that the phone is not water resistant, but in the video you have shown the phone being dropped in the toilet and getting picked up. its a misleading advertisement.
and yes how would i know if it will work in saudi arabia ?
backed! i love it i just wish the audio jack was on the bottom  and we would appreciate some camera shots to see how it preforms  and waiting for the case to buy it also love the shape and design!
would this work on the verizon or sprint networks ?
i just wanted to say that i don't (and please pardon my french) give a shit about the cloud portion, but just wanted to congratulate you guys on a beautiful phone.  that mint colorway is definitely choice.
any chance you'll consider adding water resistance as a stretch goal? seems likely you will far surpass the goal
per your answered to @dalen rehmeier  "yes, micro sd."  do you mean standart micro sim card and not external sd card memory storage?
i would love to see the phone in australia! what's stopping robin from supporting the australian 4g networks?
i assume it will not include headphones (why)? could that be a stretch goal?
i meant to say since it will not be carrier lock, can it work with project fi? thank you
hi, i would like to know if the mobile suport the hi-res resolution (audio) and aslo do a 64go version will be available since 32go is short for the music
im t-mobile client in austria. will i able to surf with lte on robin in austria?
@avrumie saf great so far! @dalen rehmeier yes, micro sd. @eric yew it's a choice we had to make. we definitely are considering it in the future and if it's possible, we'll release it as a software update. @noorulabdeen ahmad the 100gb is yours! as close to forever as possible - since we can't really imagine forever :)
will it support wifi calling (mainly for t-mobile)? if it does, this will make it a kick-ass phone!
since it will not be locked to a customer, can we use it with google project fi?
will we permanently get the 100gb space in the cloud, and will it be free forever?
the lg g4 uses snapdragon 808 and has 4k video, so why do you say it doesn't support 4k video?
will the phone use micro or nano sim cards?
have you guys done any battery benchmarks with your units? how is the performance/on screen time looking?? pretty much the only thing that worries me about this phone.  thanks!
@joel leslie yes, it will! @darko yes, gorilla glass 4. the phone is both plastic and metal! @braden tibbles more info to come on the case! the adorable vinyl toy is about the size of coffee mug.
love the product, but even a smarter smartphone needs to have the basics. how is the call quality and reception?
very exciting stuff!  could you provide a bit more info on the case / vinyl toy included in the true rebel package?
can you say something about the material that you use for robin? gorilla glass 4 and plastic? what kind of plastic or aluminium? thx
will robin work with at&t prepaid?
@smartjim shipping costs reflect both actual shipping and vat. unfortunately, we can't show these as separate line items. @antonius hubertus we're using snapdragon 808, which does not support 4k video. @christopher choe we've listed it as 2100, so yes aws is supported! @juho käyhkö fingerprint scanner is located on the side, for easy and natural use! @trever schmalz love your enthusiasm, thanks for your support! we have stretch goals planned, and we'll announce those when we reach our goal! @john proffer we've kept your security in mind! all actual credentials are kept on the phone.
oh yes, this would be much easier for the nsa to access, no need for warrants since it's not on a phone :)
the midnight robin damnnn! i love this design :)
since you guys are about to reach your goal in less than 8 hours.....i wanna see some stretch action!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
but i've got a free place for 299$ :) the lexus 5 2015 version is not interesting anymore! so i can wait for a smartphone which i pay in october and get in january! proud to be a quick supporter!
@daniel caddick-brown we have two launchers. the first is an apps-only launcher, which you see in the demo video. we also have a full launcher.
@sathish kumar music is not backed to the cloud. 5mp for the front camera. @aaron young robin is not water resistant, something to keep in mind in the future! @stefan mansson we love that too! robin can be whatever you want it to be: man, woman, bird, or even superhero. @mark schwacofer we expect the speakers to be fantastic! @chinesemoonbear the only thing that won't work with your custom rom will be the cloud service.
even the nextbit kicks (1+ etc.)'s ass with cloud future i wouldn't wait till february 16 for a smartsmartphone which i pay in october 15. so i'm waiting for the newest nexus 5 from lg and buy it��
where is the fingerprint scanner located?
thank you for all your support! we are responding to questions as fast as we can. we know we can't do this without you and we love that so many of you are on board for this android revolution.
@creator sorry aws (1700/2100). made a typo myself. oops.
@syke phank the kernel source code will be open and we will also provide binaries, similar to nexus phones. @nick heilmann @maximus in the us robin will only work on att and t-mobile networks (including any mvnos that use them). @daniel sacks robin is not water/liquid resistant or repellant. thanks for your support! something to keep in mind in the future. @allen brandt we think it's pretty cute too! the sheep is included in the "true rebel" special along with the case. @seksit atta-ekanan apps are only run locally. when apps are in the cloud they are being stored there to provide more space on your device.
@creator i saw that the specs list the following 3g frequencies wcdma 850/900/1800/1900/2100  . but i also you answer a person saying that aws (1700/1900) is support. is the 1800 a typo, and you really meant 1700? i'd like to be abolutely sure about aws support, since band 12 has already been confirmed.
$299 is a great price for this innovative phone, with finger print and the whole lots of other specs.  however the one real unique of this phone is that it is seamless between the phone and the cloud at this point assuming not limited to only apps, photos, videos but all kinds of files. my point are that since other phone offer up to 256gb of external hard drive and google photo will allow unlimited photo uploads and back up.  your music is in the cloud via google music or spotify.  what are you really left with?  for $299-$399 with one feature...seamless clouds but by 2016 the spec may still be relevant but definitely not the latest greatest.  good luck i wish you all the success!!  maybe i will wait for the 2nd version 2.0.
what camera imx?? is it possible to record 4k video?
@jalal, they spoke to that in their last post.
are all questions about hardware being outdated are being ignored?
can i ask why is the shipping so expense to the uk please?
where's the app drawer? have you got rid of it in your software? or am i being an idiot?
hi nextbit!, first of all, i'd like to say i'm really excited for this new product. anyway, if we load a custom rom like cyanogenmod, will we be get the cloud service and camera api's/interface somehow?
one more question will the speakers be on par with say the alcatel idol 3 or the htc m8?
love how you guys refer to robin as a person! makes me believe it is as smart as one and learns like one. can't wait!
later on it would be great if you could make a larger version of this...
some sort of ip67-type rating would be clutch.  "c'mon *baby dropping phone in toilet*-resistant perk!"
@seksit atta-ekanan @kristian wong @bogdan goie @raju pp we are 100% confident in our hardware. we do not expect robin to be outdated by the release date. thank you so much for support and believing in the future of the cloud-first smartphone.
@madhu s surapaneni all changes to android are cosmetic only. no bloat ware! @john carpenter we'll definitely try to get it to you for your birthday!
same question as raju and bogdan. hardware at release date may be outdated by 2016 release date. any plans to have a stretch goal to upgrade the processor/ram etc?
ditto question about the hardware at release date...might be outdated. plans for stretch goals in this regards? i backed the product but this might make me change my mind. thanks
hi.... assuming i have music on the device and it has been moved to cloud. when i try to play it after sometime, will it directly stream from the cloud? also what is the spec of the front camera?
sorry but one more thing, i am sure a lot of backer already know.  google provide unlimited photo back up but on actual apps.  and so far i only see robin backing up apps and video and of course photos but what about music or any other files such as pdf, etc?
how can a backer get one of those nextabit sheep? they're adorable, and i want to request one ships with my phone :-)
same question as jalal awada. hardware will be outdated by jan 2016. any plans to have a stretch goal to upgrade the processor/ram etc?
@mark schwacofer yes! thanks for backing and all your positivity. we really appreciate your support! @sebastian schreiner 1) we really want to make sure your storage adapts your usage, so look out for ways to expand this. 2) all actual credentials and app data stay on the phone. anything sent to the cloud is sent encrypted and stored on our encrypted on servers - similar to services like gmail. 3) we're working really hard to meet all our cloud dreams. we need your support to help us to keep improving and providing the best possible user experience. @maximus the usb type c cable is a new reversible connector, that we're providing in the box. we don't want to make things more complicated for you, so other than that - you're all good.
is the robin water/liquid resistant/repellent at all? does it use any of those liquid coatings to help with this to discourage liquid from entering the internals?
i am with nick heilmann here. i unfortunately did not realize that this did not support verizon, i am inclined to not continued the pledge at this moment. is there any possibility to have verizon as network for this phone?
i made an early pledge (before it was pointed out that verizon won't be supported) based on a comparison of the bands that are supported, as it seemed like it would be covered. if there's no verizon support, i won't be able to use the phone. this is really sad, as it seems like an awesome phone and awesome idea. if verizon support doesn't get added, will there be any way to remove my order?
these are excellent specs for a phone of this price.
just curious to know what would be pixel density on the display ?
by january a whole new set of specs and hardware would have been out. would the phone have the latest upgrades (processor, ram, screen and even fingerprint sensor) by that time or are you sticking to the current stated specs?
@nextbit will you publish the whole source code(and not just the kernel), like nexus devices do?
i am a oneplus one owner, and while i've never had to use it, i have heard support is atrocious.  what kind of support will you have for this device?
@hoyin cheung 1. correct, completely android compatible and good to go. 2. only on one network, more details to come. 3. we think that's a great idea :) definitely won't be compatible with any mobile networks though! @steven wong nanosim. we do support apt-x. 2.2 aperture.
also i know for a fact that average user will have not been able to move files from actual apps to external sd cards.  will robin be able to truly load and run apps from the clouds?  i know that only minimal used apps are allocated to the clouds but i want to confirm that you are actually able to transfer the whole app files not only some.
@j. s. the fingerprint reader is located on the side. @stone edwards in the us robin will only work on att and t-mobile networks (including any mvnos that use them). @sensepeek we cannot reveal this information.
great looking device!  i turn 40 on january 29th. i'd love to have this on my hip for the big day.
i really really want this to be a success but by feb 2016 i think the processor is outdated.
@wylie leung 1. we'll have more to announce about stretch goals. 2. yes, you will be able to buy the case alone. 3. you will own the cloud storage for the lifetime of your phone. once you decide to move one, we got your back and let you download your data, so you're not locked in. 4. we're working on this. securing your data is important and we're paying close attention. keep in mind that your credentials and app data will stay on the phone.  5. we've more coming and we're excited about you having the same vision as we do about the future of smartphones.
how heavily is the software going to be modified. how much of the 32 gb storage space will be available for users.
@nextbit, that's makes sense if your online storage is upgradable, although you haven't announced as such yet. it depends if it's economical to upgrade should that be announced. i'll be keeping an eye out to see the updates. i've backed anyway, it just remains to see for me if ultimately this is the best storage solution for my preferences.
what is the weight of the phone?
@quentin there will be gps! we support tmobile and at&t. @david pittman early adopters will receive a surprise engraving on the special sim tray. @brandon postal two reasons. first, we wanted to be able to seamlessly help you manage storage and make it as easy as possible for our users. second, larger internal memory or an sd card still only a provide a limited amount of storage. this allows us your storage to adapt to your usage.
to nexbit i would like to say that this has me interested. even though i don't get interested into a lot of kickstarter hype. i am not special or anything ahaha, but i would like to say good job on making happen. i do have question regarding some of the stuff you offer with the phone. someone asked about the charging cable for example. what do you mean c type charging cable? what i am trying to get at is this, will this be like apple? i do not own apple, however, i know a lot of people who do, and one of the things that apple has going for it (though not attractive) is the huge price on the accessories. i don't want to have to cash up more. i just don't want to have to pay a special price for a special charging cable or special headphone jack or something ridiculous like that.
nevertheless (shipping + vat to eu very very high) i just backed @nextbitsys robin. please add dual-sim function. i trusted you, now make me happy!
@ nextbit - hi, a few questions: 1) what happens when the 100gb of online storage are exhausted? 2) what kind of security model is in place to protect the data backed up online? 3) are there any plans to make this model work towards seamless device migration? i.e. from a 1st gen robin to a 2nd gen robin (should there be one). if so, this will be limited to nextbit products, correct? thanks!
will this get 4g lte on tmobile? my first crowdfund im a bit nervous was going to to get the moto x play lol so you got my money instead. i cant afford another one so take care of me please. i like the mint and the fact it has stereo speakers plus cloud storage. plus its kinda nice to be on cutting edge instead midrange or last year's model.
will it support apt-x bluetooth streaming? what is the aperture of the camera?
@jung wong 1) yes! 2) based on our battery capacity and screen, we'll have good battery life. 3&4) stay tuned! 5) 149x72x7mm 6) we definitely have plans in the future for this. 7) we'll get back to you on this.
@nextbit, will barton be a part of the software. have you planned other software features? (always listening, double tap to wake)
what type of sim card is used here? hoping for nanosim
@nextbit 1. are your android os changes mostly cosmetic? will it be ok to install android games on it? or will there be compatibility issues? 2. can this device roam if i go into china? 3. love the design, can i get an edible mint chocolate version with mine?
@brian jennings our phone is also usb 3.0 compatible—giving you the fastest way to connect to a computer. since this is a cloud-first phone, we know that you’ll mostly be using the cable to charge your phone which is why we only include a 2.0 cable—it’s much more flexible than a 3.0 cable so you can plug in with less hassle. if you want to make high-speed data transfers, you’ll need to purchase a usb 3.0 cable. we hope to make one available for you to purchase soon after our kickstarter campaign.
you guys are amazing :) i'm loving this! marshmallow, 13 megapixel camera, and band 12 support. i'm so excited!!
@maka 1.stretch goal are a stretch and we're not there just yet. 2.robin has a usb type c connector. that's the only limitation, otherwise mini dac and any other usb peripheral will work. 3.robin will back up when you’re plugged into a power source and connected to wifi. this means robin is ready to make extra space when you need it, without using up additional battery life or data. you are free to change the online storage settings on your device depending on your needs. 4.149x72x7mm
@nextbit no verizon you say? that may be a deal breaker for me especially with the focus on data transfers. i guess i'll wait to see where you guys are at when it's time to pay up! i'd push for the verizon capability if i were you guys though!
hi, could you reveal the manufacturer of the fingerprint sensor?
thanks for the info. i will likely switch to t-mobile to be able to use your awesome phone!
awww sad day :(. you say it isn't verizon compatible at the moment, does that mean it might be in the future? it looks like the phone supports all the required bands for verizon except for lte band 13 so seems possible. far from an expert here so no idea really.
@phonpatchara chochai it will be single sim @liam bhardwaj we are working out all the online storage and phone storage backup, answers to come very soon! photo backups are already integrated. any data sent to the cloud is sent encrypted and stored on our encrypted servers.
@nextbit,  hi, what is the tested battery life and is the battery removable for replacement?
i just pledged the 299 to get the early bird special! how can be sure that i get the mint color version of the phone
@zhou j gao you will be able to change your cloud settings in online storage settings. @al calavicci that's the cloud dream. we're working hard to make it as easy as possible to access your apps across devices in the future. @giacomo cetorelli unfortunately, we are not verizon compatible at the moment. we've updated our faqs to reflect that we will support tmobile and at&t.
@jung wong @quentin gps is available on robin @brad krivelow 1.the fingerprint scanner is located on the right side. 2.you simply have to press your finger on it. 3.we're trying to ship with marshmallow. @dennis it's based on aosp
so by any miracle will this support verizon? in my area of the country (montana) they are basically the only option with decent service :(. went ahead and backed in order to lock in the early bird pricing in case it will though since this is basically everything i want in a phone.
where is the fingerprint reader located?
@nextbit, will barton be a part of the software. have you planned other software features? (always listening, double tap to wake)
@aaron young 1. this will depend on your network. 2. definitely not. the default backup is when you're charging and connected to wifi. this means offloads can occur even when you're offline. 3. unfortunately, we are not sprint compatible. 4. we're doing some checks on our end, but we'll get an answer to you as soon as we can!
@nextbit while i like the design & features on the phone, my major question is as follows. what was the primary factor behind your decision to move to use the cloud as a primary storage platform, as opposed to expandable sd or a larger internal memory? the cloud is nice in theory, but less secure and upload is not as fast as loading to internal memory. what major advantage does the cloud give us, the users, over a 128gb sd card? the cloud requires expensive data plans (or to be always on wifi) and to be always connected.
this seems nice. backed! some questions i couldn't find the answer in the campaign or in the comments here: - are you considering any stretch goal? e.g better camera? - what are the supported frequencies for 3g and 4g/lte? - can i connect my usb mini dac (works with nexus 5) to this phone or there is no audio capability through usb port? - anything about battery life, specially that there will be lots of store/delete/download/store operations going on for cloud support? - considering that you have some prototypes, any details about dimension and weight? - any more tech details about the camera? - how the software co-exists with google photos and google music offline playlists? thank you and good luck...
you guys are awesome.  thanks for responding so quickly to my question.  that's what i call customer service :-)
@aaron young  we will have a "wifi only" option, so you're always in control of your data usage.
backed and excited. you all over delivered. question: what is the special sim tray? what makes it special?
@abdul halim mat ali nope, you can still offload even when you're offline. we don't have a demo for the fingerprint sensor currently, but keep an eye out! @madhu s surapaneni 1. we plan to support at least 2 years 2. yes! 3. soon, we're already working on marshmallow @stardan gorilla glass 4! no front flash.
does the usb-c connector adhere to the 3.1 standard, or is it dumbed down to 2.0?
very excited about this! where is the fingerprint scanner located?    is it a swipe or press sensor? what software will it ship with? how often will it receive updates?    and for how long? will there be a batman phone to be partners with robin?
looks very nice! curious if we can get more info on the camera. ubik (another ks phone) seems to be cheaper and sporting a way better camera and similarly powerful hardware specs, but i'm not quite sure.
what a great looking phone!  i know this is probably a dumb question, but will work with virgin mobile or boost mobile (they are on the sprint network, i believe)? i am also curious if there is gps.
@gauthier robe it's a single sim tray @nick heilmann there will be an option in the future to purchase a case. @kristian wong unfortunately, you can only purchase one robin at the early adopter price.
congrats!  some questions: 1. will there be a plan to include kickstarter color as a stretch goal? 2. are we able to buy the case alone? 3. how long will we own the 100g cloud storage? 4. can we use our own key to encrypt the data in the cloud? 5. will the data in the cloud be shareable with other devices? thanks!
what os is robin shipped with?  tweaked,  near stock android or cos or cm?
great idea for a cloud-centric phone! questions: 1) is gps available? it's not listed in the specs. 2) how long does a full battery last from your tests? 3) what is the video resolution & fps? 4) can you upload some sample photos & videos taken with the phone's camera(s)? 5) what are the phone's dimensions? 6) when the 100gb online storage is used up, do you have plans for expandable storage or an user-friendly way download/clear the used storage? 7) does the bluetooth support aptx? thanks and all the best to your campaign!
i have backed this project!! i sincerely hope that i can get android 6.0 when it deliver.
@stu the kernel source code will be open and we will also provide binaries, similar to nexus phones. and it's a combination of plastic and metal! @maximilian skog there are dedicated amps, but not a dedicated audio chip. @ryan michael 149x72x7mm
awesome. my first kickstarter to back. it makes me nervous. i plan on doing a unboxing and review on this phone. here is my youtube channel: https://goo.gl/0azrlx i'm still new as a youtuber, but my goal of the channel is to support small indie tech companies. my other goal is to help indie tech businesses see what the first impression is to their customers, what problems they may encounter, what they like or dislike, and help innovative ideas. i know when going up against the big dogs in tech it can be hard to get noticed, so keep it up nextbit! nextbit, let me know if there is anything you want me to cover. just send me a message on twitter @darkcometdesigns and i'd be more than happy to help.
pledged the project and excellent idea !! some questions: 1. how can nextbit ensure the data in your cloud is safe? i.e. no data loss or being hacked. 2. say my photos and songs are stored in your cloud, how can i download them if i change to other phone later? thanks.
will there be a "wifi only" option for all of this cloudy stuff?
also i just pledged $325. it would be helpful if you add info about carrier compatibility in your video or description.
with the 100gb cloud storage, is this accessible as normal online storage or specifically for the phone software backup and restore. are backups limited to apps and app-data or can multimedia be integrated also? any cloud data encryption? thanks.
dual sim will be great!
is it completely impossible for verizon support? i am currently using verizon and wouldn't want to have to switch carriers. (even if this phone is as bad ass as it gets)
will the phone let me save fallout shelter saved games to the cloud? i couldn't transfer my game from lg g3 -> note 5 because they not root-able. your concept is that this problem will never happen again, correct?
where's the app drawer? have you got rid of it in your software? or am i being an idiot?
@suvir the gpu is the adreno that comes with snapdragon 808. @javier rapoport we currently do not have plans for wireless charging. @taner yes, shipping includes both actual shipping costs and vat.
can the cloud service be turned off?
1. will this phone support simultaneous voice and data? 2. with such focus on the cloud, are we "screwed" without an unlimited data plan? 3  will this work on sprint? (and with simultaneous voice and data?) 4. what is the "raw" image format? thanks!
hi already backed but... is it gorilla glass 3 or 4 ? is there a front flash ? +1 : it would be a great idea to purpose to the backers to get the official case
hi excellent product. backed it already. quick questions though. 1. how many years of software updates are you planning to provide, as i feel this is the most negative point about android phones not receiving any updates after buying the phone. 2. are you planning to provide periodic security updates? 3. how soon will you be able to provide updates to newer versions of android?
@creator.  does robin always need to be always connected to the internet?  do you have a demo of the fingerprint sensor?
what are the dimensions?
hi! any reason why the two phone pledge is more than the early adoption package?  i was hoping to get 2 for the price of the early adoption ($299 x 2), but i don't know if there's an option to select 2 under early adoption.
will there be an option to get a case for everybody later, or would people who make the $299 pledge have to wait for a third-party case to become available?
@jérémy benaiche 1) yes, it is! 2) we'll be sending a survey out through kickstarter after the campaign for you to pick your color @stephen han we don't have image stabilization, but we have a super fast auto focus to help with this! @greg paige tmobile is supported!
will band 12 lte support be disabled as t-mobile has requested from motorola? please see:  http://www.androidpolice.com/2015/08/26/why-is-t-mobile-telling-manufacturers-to-remove-band-12-lte-support-from-some-unlocked-smartphones/
any chance for a dual sim tray? this would make an already awesome unlocked phone more awesome.
hello! could i get a hint on what kind of audio quality of music playback robin can output? i guess it does not support high res music but does it have a dedicated audio chip? thanks, super excited for this!
@daniel wachter your nextbit cloud storage comes with the phone, no extra charges!
@michael chan yes, aws is on the wcdma bands
hey. exactly what drivers are open source? all? even ril? also, plastic or metal?
@allen brandt it will support volte, but not for verizon
does the additional 95$ shipping costs include taxes (and custom duties)?
@trever schmalz we're using gorilla glass
@liam bhardwaj our phone comes with a one-year warranty that covers everything except physical damage. you can load your favorite rom and we'll still cover the phone!
i know it's wishful thinking, but any possibility of throwing wireless charging in? maybe with a/the case? it's such a huge convenience having it! (although with qc it's not that big a deal honestly)
any words on gpu?
i would really love to see t-mobile's band 12 lte on this. it'll really make all of the difference in the world to me.
i'm liking this phone it looks awesome and i like the next bit team just hope i make enough money by the time the champaign ends to follow through with my pledge
any chance for optical image stabilization for the camera?
hi, i wanted to know 2 things : 1) is the phone compatible with french network 2) how can i choose the color? thank you very much for your answer and can't wait to get my phone :)
what are the price plans for using the cloud?
i am pledging for this for now since i've been following this since the announcement from a month ago, however i may revoke my pledge depending on the answer to the following question. will it be possible to include the aws (1700/2100) in your wcdma bands? for those on the wind mobile network in canada (such as myself).
nice change to see this comes with an unlocked bootloader. "robin is still under warranty - even if you brick it." - any more info on this, or warranty in general? very excited for this project!
will the phone support volte, and if yes, on all the listed bands? ps: looks awesome!
great work! robin looks awesome!
the future is here.
the mint version looks dope
what kind of glass is the screen?
