been out of the loop for a while. never downloaded the album. can i still download it and how would i do that? thanks.
i really want to hear this album. how do i get the download?
what is happening with download ?
in update no.3 you promised an acoustic version of the album for your backers.  when can we expect it?
no updates, no notifications, no shipping confirmations, no digital download, no items. not crazy about this outcome...
whats up miss nunes? don't have five minutes tu answer?
i still haven't got my cd is it normal?
i just saw on facebook that this album was released in september, and i backed this for a download, but i'm pretty sure i never downloaded anything. where do i go to get it? i feel silly i've been waiting this long and it's already available!
hi - starting to get discouraged about when the cds and backer items are going to be shipped.  any word?
in update no.3 you promised an acoustic version of the album for your backers.  when can we expect it?
hi :) i hope my question is not silly.  how do i download my itunes album? it is so good!  i can not wait to have it on my ipod!  thanks, julie
hi! i haven't received the cd yet. have any of them been shipped out or am i one of the few who have not gotten theirs yet?
hi -   still no word on cd or uke case etc. shipping.  any idea when these might be going out? ca based by the way, so domestic. thanks!
in update no.3 you promised an acoustic version of the album for your backers.  when can we expect it?
how do i download my itunes album? i upgraded my pledge to include the signed cd and t-shirt and sunglasses and now i want to download the itunes album as well but i have no idea how to do this? any help would be great! anna
i got my goodies! very stoked! great job julia!
received my goodies, thanks. can't put my uke down; even trying some of your songs on it :-) here's to the success of this album and future ones.
hi -  still nothing.  any news on shipments? thanks!
i'm not able to log on to backerit and i super wanna get my pledge :) what should i do?
@julia: when we can expect the accoustic version of the album?
just received mine in alice springs, middle of australia. �
shipping notification received...now just need to wait :-)
i think i was never able to log into backerkit with my kickstarter login...i always went back to the original mail from them that included the link to update your pledge/details/etc
yeah, as mentioned by some other backers, i am also having lods of trouble with backer kit and getting my pledge completed
update: our package finally arrived in the mail today. however still no answer as to why i couldn't log in to backerkit. an update clarifying all of this for people still confused/waiting on their packages would be very helpful.
good to see some are getting items shipped - i'm located in ca and still have no indication that anything is on its way, so not sure what is happening there...  any word would be appreciated. thanks!
seeing mixed comments about this project, i for one have still not received my pledge. my backerkit status says that they are ready to ship yet others have already received theirs? not quite sure how that worked out. i feel like this could have been handled alot better with communication lacking in most parts. i have been a follower since the very start and i still am i just hope this gets sorted out and i receive my items.
i have the same problem. i have moved since filling out the survey and i can´t log into backerkit with my kickstarter log in. what should i do? the package have to ship to germany and i won´t miss it...please help me an robert.
it won't let me log into backerkit with my kickstarter log in and i haven't received my package. i know i filled out the survey i just wonder if i missed something but it won't let me log in to check (i have moved since filling out the survey.) anyone have any ideas?
is anybody else having trouble with their card being charged? i've been having trouble with this since february. i really hope i can get it to work so my items can be on their way soon.
happy to say (honestly sorry for the others who haven't!) that my rewards made it across the pond and i received my uke/uke-bag/tshirt/cd/polaroid today! :)
hi julia, i received my package. wonderful t-shirt, cd, polaroid, downloads. thank you so much. i echo the sentiments of scott smith. all the best to you in your endeavours.
still waiting for my items to be shipped while others already received theirs days ago
i received my physical copy in the mail on the 25th, so idk what everyone is complaining about... and i think it's her best work yet!!! i have listened to her for over 7 years now, when i first subscribed to her youtube she had roughly eleven thousand subscribers, now it's over 200,000!!!! my favorite song by julia has been "first impressions" for over 7 years, and i think i actually have a new favorite "fondly enough", it is an extremely powerful song! thanks so much julia, your music is such a gift!! i love you!!!!!!!!!!!! :)
can't wait to get the email! you're the best julia and i'm excited for all the good things that are/will be happening to you.
congrats! awesome!! thank you!!!
haven't received any shipping info :(
whoops.... please disregard my last post. i found the photo. it was inside the cd carrier. that's pretty sneaky! ;)
today, my signature uke arrived, along with the t-shirt and physical cd! w00t!!!!!!!!! i'm tuning up the uke and letting the strings stretch, but so far, so good. going thru the shipment, though, i didn't get the polaroid that was part of the $300 package. was it supposed to be included?
i am a little disappointed, as a backer, i never got the digital download, and still haven't gotten a shipping notification :< i feel a bit cheated if i was just going to listen to the album on spotify when it comes out i probably wound not have backed the project :/
got my shipping confirmation too. it's on the way. can't wait new ukulele and new julia nunes music...
i also got my shipping notification today! there's a uke on its way! :)
got notification today. shipping label has been created. woot!
@koral i sent an email to backer kit a few weeks ago,they said they were waiting on julia's ok to ship.said maybe 2nd week of september.
any word on when awards will be shipped out? can we track them, how long will they take to ship, all of that jazz?
is there really no information about credits to be found unless you own the physical cd? i entered the digital release at musicbrainz at http://musicbrainz.org/release/e220cc29-52f3-4d02-a05f-e09779ff7e42 right as i got it, but i would so like to add more info there. please, anyone?
it took me awhile to get through the whole album because of life and work and things, but i finished it today and yeah, it's fantastic. i love it, and i'm actively proud to have been a tiny part of facilitating it happening. thank you, julia, and congratulations. i'll be onboard for the next one.
thank you for the incredible music, julia!!! - very well done.
yay, new files! you're the best julia, thanks so much for the gift of your beautiful music.
like moritz steinhauer & stuart green said, 128 k cbr mp3 is too low quality. i was expecting flac for a digital download. a v0 mp3 would also be acceptable if you want to give incentive for audiophiles to additionally purchase the album.
this album is fucking brilliant. i've only listened to it once but i already love it and i know i won't be able to stop listening to it for the next few weeks. all of the songs are amazing but make out is just incredible. congratulations julia, you deserve all the recognition in the world. thank you.
this album was well worth the wait. wonderful job julia!  thank you for everything you put into making this.
digital download get!  :3 *initiates grooving to tunes*
thanks for the album! now with the digital download, i'm wondering where i can find detailed credits, like i suppose is in the cd booklet?
i haven't been on here in ages but it sounds like julia caught a lot of heat for delivery dates and whatnot. this ks was definitely not as well managed as the last, but the album is here and lets not be dramatic about it. i'm sure the perks will show up in the mail, and all this commentary will serve as pointers for the next campaign. as for the amazon and itunes prices, who cares. i'll gladly give up my $2.01 to support an artist's process when i gain so much in the end. i don't think ks was ever about value for money, rather the chance to be involved in the process with the perks as motivation.
today was already a sweet gooey musical sundae, with the announcement of the new beatles dvd/blu-ray.  and then julia shows up with pie. i've listened to the new album twice - once on the nerdist stream, and once on my ipod after the download showed up.  well done, julia.  a very mature work, and quite a departure from your earlier material.  (tomorrow i'll need to listen to it back-to-back with will sturgeon's new album.)  thanks for sharing your talent with us and letting us read your diary.
i'm listening to the album right now and i would also apreciate a higher quality then 128kps cbr. if we realy want to usurb itunes with this kickstarter it woult be greate to have also a higher audio-quality then itunes...
thank you julia, listening to the album now. it's beautiful. i love it.
is there any chance for other format options for the digital download? flac or 320kbps mp3 would be amazing! i can't help but feel some of your wonderful details are lost in the 128kbps files. i've listened to the album on nerdist already and it's incredible, absolutely worth the wait. you're the best <3
just got the download, it's 10 to midnight here in the uk and i'm onto my second listening.  worth waiting for.
yes! got the digital download! thank you julia!
yeah, it's here. now i know what i will hear tomorrow on my way to work :d
i just got my digital download, but was curious about what happened to this? "if we reach 2,000 backers in the final 5 days, i'll record an acoustic version of the album and give to every backer for free" thanks!
what eric leslie said. julia has such an incredible talent. okay so some people are a little peeved it is later than first said. but as the saying goes good things comes to those who wait..but you are not getting something good you are getting something totally awesome. absolutely worth the wait.
well, everybody can listen to the whole thing - http://nerdist.com/premiere-julia-nunes-is-in-love-again-on-her-new-album-some-feelings/ to which, as a backer, i say... great. we helped make an album i am loving listening to. i'll look forward to getting the cd when i get it, and the download when she hosts it and e-mails out the links. i backed the album because i wanted to help fund her making her music. which she has done. good work, julia. it's been gratifying to follow your trajectory from late night dorm room videos to here, and i'm excited to see what you do next.
you people are real assholes. if given the opportunity, you would rather spend less because you don't feel like you're getting enough out of your measily $10? wow. sure, go buy the next album on itunes or wherever. know though that you're giving apple 30% of that $7.99 album. julia gets about $5.59 (if there aren't others like publishers involved, otherwise it might be 50% of that) and apple gets $2.40 (which won't go towards anything in the music industry, money taken from the arts forever!). if you pay a mere $2.01 more, julia gets $8.50 and kickstarter gets $1.50. i care about the artists, so i know which one i'd pick! do you know what you're paying for with a kickstarter for an album? you're not just paying for owning the album, you're paying for the realization of that album. you're paying so that julia can devote all of her time making this the best music she's even made. you're paying so that she can pick talented people who are the best fit for the project (and cost money!) so that together they can make the songs even better in the recording, mixing and mastering stages. being able to get the right people working on your album is hugely important, you know. by getting the money before the album's all done, she can spend more money to make it even better. if she had to rely on people buying her album afterwards on itunes, that would never be possible. everything costs money, you know. i'll gladly pay a little extra on kickstarter because i care about supporting the artists. because i believe it'll result in an even better product. because a larger percentage of it will go towards the artist than when you purchase the product afterwards. not because i expect to get more things for me out of it, because that's pretty selfish.
i agree with everyone's comments. it is actually really disappointing. we have been waiting for a really long time and there has been no communication. we understand you are busy and want you to come up with the best possible cd, but talk to us and give us some news. we are paying more than itunes and amazon supporters and we are going to get the cd at the same time as everyone else and with no added benefits. it is a shame.
as others have said, it's the lack of communication that irks a bit. things do take time, but here we are, 2 weeks away from general release and still no word on rewards being sent out, let alone digital downloads. obviously she is ok and busy, with podcasts coming out etc, but perhaps this is a delay through backerkit or undertow?
@larry nehring i agree with the second hal of your posting. it is very disappointing that as a ks backer that i could have just sent my money straight to apple and saved $2.01 and had had the money in my hand for months rather than julia's. but i backed the project to support the artist, and her efforts to produce the album. but then i feel the artist needs to back her supporters and as such an early release of the down load or extra content would have been appreciated. especially since to all intent purposes the album has been finished for sometime. i believe miss nunes gives a lot back to her supporters who attends her gigs, but since i'm in the uk and it would seem she rarely travels across the states let alone to europe what chance have i of attending a gig. next time i think perhaps apple will win my support and money. a shame but ks supported projects should be mutually beneficial not just in favour of the artist/creator.
as far as complaints go, i'm not actually that disappointed with the delays. if it's quality we'll be getting, that's more than fine with me! what annoys me, is the absolutely terrible communication. no replies to messages or comments here, more issues/questions that could be addressed in (more frequent) updates, she hasn't even been on here for almost a month. just a little more (the more the better :)) commitment to her project&backers would go a long way to keeping people patient and informed about stuff. especially since it's release month, stuff is supposed to ship etc. just an idea ;)
she is now living in los angeles... everything is more expensive and everything gets delayed, especially as an emerging artist. i think we need to give her more time because we know the cd is going to be well worth it. most kickstarter projects experience long delays. so please, everyone who is complaining just back off a bit. we support her for a reason. she is an artist who cares about her product and doesn't make crap. that said... i'm a bit disappointed that itunes has the pre-order at $7.99 and amazon has it for $8.99. the basic digital download pledge on kickstarter was $10. perhaps you could offer backers some behind the scenes videos/outtakes to make up for that price difference?
i can't help but feel a little cheated. starting out the estimated delivery date was april for the album. then in may it was 99% done, then the countdown for for the end of july, mid august and now the end of september.  i understand things happen but it was all of these delays with little to no updates and with a release half a year after the estimate. if the album was done in may i can't help but feel like we should all have seen a digital download by now especially with all the delays. it seems like we won't be receiving anything early but instead just as everyone else who didn't back you can.
this is totally dragging now... i understand good things come to those who wait - but i've seen a shed load of tweets and stuff and no one knows what's going on. you were epic with your updated and comments and stuff last time and this time is like yeah i'm gonna get money and i don't have to tell people what's going on!  -  -  don't forget the little guy us downloaders do want to know! it's not all about the ukes!!!
on the 27th july the count down timer showed 31 days now on 4th august you'd expected to show say 23 days. but wait - it now show 51. i guess that julia is a bit like the doctor in dr who and that time is wibbly wobbly timey wimey stuff in case you don't get the reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch… please an update is really called for
hi julia, wondering about an update. i saw online that the album release has been moved again to september. would love some kind of communication. thanks!
did the release date extend again?
just seen another 31 day plus counter on your website for the album - now looking like an august release - this campaign really is starting to drag on with little communication. sure it will be worth it in the end, but think i would have been better sticking my money in the bank and buying the download from itunes later and letting apple rather than the artist profit.
i guess it's just me that's wondering why haven't seen the digital copy of the album as yet. back in april you said that "using backerkit because i'll be able to send you guys the digital download super easily and you can add on things"  so it's not a hard thing to send out the digital copies. . . and now 4 months later than backed
wondering why if the album is finalized and gone to press that you cannot now release the download early (well nearly 4 months late . . . , but that's another story) to be honest i think there is a lot to learn from craig chee and sarah maisel (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/881009200/scene-1-take-1-craig-chee-and-sarah-maisel) who ran a similar campaign at roughly the same time. these guys were great communicators and even sent everyone a personalized thank you card.
hi julia good to see that your knees fully mended and you can once again enjoy life to the full. as per recent fb post. looking forward to receiving details of the release date very soon. (see: https://www.facebook.com/junumusic/photos/a.238418584325.135965.78330419325/10153422274244326/…)
hey, i got the lyrics poster one and i didn't seem to get an email about what i'd like written on it. its totally possible i didn't see it but i thought i'd ask what's up?
i dont think we backers get a pre-release�
it says due in april and then a month ago it was a week or less away! we need some deets! it doesn't appear we will receive it before it's publicly released.
yeah i agree, an update would be real nice to give us a sense of when to expect your awesome cd!
i see you have posted recently on facebook that the album is due out in the summer - and your website has a count down timer running and t+19 days so i guess 14-ish of july.
guessing  that final 1% is always the hardest part of any project. hope all's going well. would love an update - even if just to say - "hey folks! there's still a long way to go you can expect this in 1, 2, 3 . . . . . .n weeks/months/ . . . . . "
hi, an update with a releasedate would be nice..........
julia, i love you, but i want my uke!  can we please have an update?
can't wait for the cd to come out! :)
here's the link to backerkit! https://julia-nunes-feelings-new-album.backerkit.com/
@bo oliver. plz have a look at my comment to your last comment. there is a link. plz use it.
i commented saying that my survey accidentally got deleted and haven't received another email with it. starting to panic.
i never recieved a survey :< been thinking about how excited i am for this. but now i am worried.
all i want to say in this comment is that this album is always in the back of my mind, and i want it so badly to be in my life.
hey junu - not sure if this happened at all levels but for your kickstarter i had pledged at the $120 level for vinyl and got an email a few weeks ago saying that i had paid $10 more than necessary. logged into backerkit and saw the cost for vinyl was now listed at $110. i added a $10 tip and saved it. yesterday, got an email saying my total was $10 over what i had paid. logged in again, and saw that shipping of $10 had been added, so it was asking me to put in more money to make up the difference. which all makes total sense but you may want to let people know that there was a point when breaking shipping out from the item cost that caused backerkit to email a bunch of people saying they had a credit when no real credit existed. i have the emails handy, pm me if you need them for an example. <3
@bo oliver. try this link  https://julia-nunes-feelings-new-album.backerkit.com/sign_in
i'm also wondering about t-shirt sizes - is there a size chart anywhere? are they aa shirts?
sooooo. i believe i got an email with the survey but it was in the midst of a ton of other emails and now it is gone. halp.
will we be able to buy just the vinyl by itself soon?
is there somewhere we can check the measurements of the t-shirt sizes?
my comment is similar to a lot of people's. when do you think the cd will be released?
how is the timeline looking? my sister is going to flip out when she sees her uke!
hoping the survey is coming soon! i'm getting anxious to receive my new uke and all the great extras that come with it! any updates?
how do you deal with 112 julia nunes yuks /????????? cant wait to receive mine i have a huge empty spot on my wall just waiting for your yuke to display
hi, any news for us or maybe a releasedate for your album?
wow!  well done julia.
any updates for us? you could even just smash your hand on the keyboard and post the result as an update!
we need an update! a month with no news is troubling have you forgotten us?
it's been a while since your last update, ms nunes. what's going on?
congrats julia, your talent and hard work is very much appreciated
congrats julia! can't wait to hear the whole record. so excited to be a part of it.
i heart you, julia. cannot wait for this album and to add the shirt to my collection, right next to my "julia nunes woukd be nothing without me" shirt.
i can't wait for this album!!!
oh, what have you done?!  you had this perfectly nice kickstarter and then you crushed it! this is why we can't have anything nice.
kala is going to love julia nunes next order :-)!!¡!!¡
i love this project. i just backed it... check out our funny silly video we made for our project: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/labc/help-bring-our-innovative-iphone-cable-case-to-the features psy - gangnam style, taylor swift - shake it up, exploding champagne on a boat, egg vs iphone drop tests - we went hollywood! if you can return the favor, would appreciate the gesture!
i new 100 ukes would be gone super cool
good luck! *waves*
much love! can't wait for the album! congratulations you go getter!
i've probably listened to "something bad" about 200 times already. i can't even imagine how many times the full album is going to be played. ❤
can't wait for the new tunes! rock on nunes!
whew!  close one.  i'm sweating..  ha! successfully funded, it says. kick ass, i says.
nice one julz! i'm stoked to receive your new album! can't wait!!!!! ¡
congrats julia and thanks to the other 3,257 backers whose fierce support and care renew my faith in humanity. you are my peeps.
yay! i always leave things to the last minute. this was no exception :-) more power to your elbow, julia. (a quaint english expression)
yeahhhhhhhhhh ! let's prepare to celebrate the sadness with joy !! :d
5x the goal, like what? :d so glad i get to be a part of this. <3
wheeyyy now the magic happens!
*high fives all around!* this is going to be awesome!
thank you julia - for letting us be a part of your music and your life. plus: ukulele!! you are lovely, you are loved.
congratulations!!!! wow!!!!!!
we did it! prepare for feelings everybody!
congratulations! this album is gonna be so awesome!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh - what i imagine you're brain is doing right now.
complete validation of the appreciation for you and your music. the biggest congratulations.
congrats.  i cannot wait. thank you for being amazing and sharing your talent with the world.
so, do we sing auld lang syne in 3 minutes, or...?
congrats!
i can only imagine how excited you must be right now! it's been amazing following your amazing growth and backing both of your kickstarter albums. i can not wait for my vinyl! congratulations julia!!
i'm so glad to be a part of this again!!!  unfortunately, i didn't have the money for the 30 dollar pledge, and i get paid this friday too!!! t.t wish there was a way that i could upgrade my pledge after this is over being that i'm a pledge.  oh well, i still get the cd along with the acoustic cd!!!
i can only imagine how you're feeling right about now, julia! big congratulations!!!
julia! this is beyond amazing! the success of this project is a testament to not only your amazing talent, but your honesty as a musician and a wonderful human being. you are truly living your passion, and it is such a privilege to be part of the journey. i remember when a friend sent me a link to a pomplamoose video on youtube while i was in the peace corps, far away from home. i liked their music so much, and i noticed that they only followed two people on youtube (you being one of them :) i thought, if they like this julia nunes gal, she must be pretty cool. so i watched your videos and said, yep, she is pretty darn cool! thanks for always keepin it real!
you should do something really special for backers of both of your projects! i love you!
julia nunes. you. are. amazing. thank you for sharing with us your feelings, and letting us know that we aren't alone. i'm beyond thrilled to support such an amazing human & musician! so happy to be a part of your journey to greatness! april can't come soon enough. xo
just when you thought we couldn't kick start you any better than last time... bam!
ye she broke 3k backers and $125k fantastic so glad i could contribute this time around so excited  whoooot
ooooo. emmmm. geeee. your kickstarter just busted past $125,000. it's at $126,615 as i write this. five times above your goal. your fans have blown-up this campaign, and there are still a few hours remaining. forgive me if i have a stupid-silly grin.
love you, julia - i missed the last kickstarter, but not this one. i just wish i'd had a chance to meet/see you when you were still in saratoga springs. now i have to wait until the next tour when you hit schenectady!
wow! congratulations!
i'll put in my two bits. julia will pass one (1) bit of a million u$ dollars.
125k is going to happen! this is so awesome! congratulations julia!!!
i can't wait to see you pass that $125,000 mark. you have earned this. i am so happy to support you and i cannot wait for your new album. i've been listening to your music pretty much every single day since i discovered it a few years ago. i can't wait to hear the new songs! congratulations on this amazing success. you deserve every single bit of it.
so glad i got to donate just in time! can't wait to hear the whole album <3
so excited to hear the new music. jaaaaaa! you're an inspiration.
always wanted to start playing the uke, now i have my own.  no more excuses.  congrats julia.  can't wait for your music and mine.
congrats, julia! can't wait to hear the new album. you're awesome. :)
u+us=wahoo!
u+us=wahoo!
good to know that the pro tools metronome click hasn't gotten any less annoying since the last time i used it.  :-p  congrats on the new album, julia!  i'm sure it will be a huge hit.  feelings are definitely what fuel the creative fire, even if they are painful.  i've been there.  keep up the excellent work!  glad i had a chance to back this before the clock ran out.
the countdown begins! 24 hours!
i'm so glad i was able to scrounge some money together to help back this wonderful project. i just wish i had been able to get more for one of the ukes i can only hope that julia will be able to have them on her website and this isn't a kickstarter only item. that would make me sad. lol
let me get this straight.. you went from austin to la, through nm, and you didn't stop to say hi?  you don't call, you don't write, and now you were within a stones throw distance and didn't stop to put on a show? hmph. and here i thought we were close. seriously though, congrats on your amazing kickstarter campaign. even if you never put on a show in my backwater state, i wish you well in all you do. i think 125k is on the horizon!
this is what happens when talent, dreams, and hard work comes together! very inspiring!
awesome! four times your original goal, going on five. feelings truly matter!
if this kickstarter was a dubstep song: http://youtu.be/lgtljdp1bik
daaaamn, if this train keeps rolling, it'll hit 125k!
goodness, julia, you've always been able to write songs that just hit home. i can't tell you how many times i listened to settle down while biking to and fro, belting out the songs while i casually ride in order to keep myself from being destructive to myself and the space that reminded me of everything i was missing. i went through a rough cycle of a roller coaster relationship a few weeks after you released that lovely album and said relationship lasted 2 years of off and on and off and on again. if i hadn't been able to listen to those songs, i would have been doing "something bad for me". i still did those things... obviously. we all do. but i just want you to know that i had to show you my support because of what your music does for me. somehow, i think it helped ready me for the final blow of being thrown off that roller coaster for good. i hope i don't have to go through the pain of breaking up again, but even if that does happen, i know that your music would help me get through that again. (sorry for getting personal, i just wanted to let you know how much your music has made a difference in my life. ^_^)
my friends and i were lucky enough to meet you in ny back when you opened for richard cheese, and i just want to say you're awesome, and you got me through a very rough time. i'm so excited for you and this project! you kick ass.
feeling excited about the project. think it will be great if you can offer ukulele music sheets for your songs as 1 of the rewards too.
two days to go and it just keeps growing
mama is so prouddddddddd. :')
i wonder... as quickly as it achieved the goal, i would imagine this campaign has to be up there on the list of "fastest kickstarters", right?
at the rate this kickstarter project is going i wonder if we'll see some kind of music video, or even a dvd...............hmmmmmmmmm?
at this rate, i predict a minimum of 3000 backers and $120,000!
i genuinely wish i could donate more, but i just started a new job and am still waiting on that first paycheck. i am so excited for you! i can't imagine how spectacular it must feel to realize how loved and supported you are. <3 sending you all the love from detroit.
congratulations!!!! $100,000 is huge!!!!
the funds raised here are well deserved!! jaaaaaaa you are dazzling
i have all your previous cd's on hard copy and i really want this one as well. any chance you'll sell them on your website later? i'm kind of short on cash for now.
bam got it! 2000 people. sweet sweet acoustic melodies are on their way. stoked
congrats on $100,000!!!! i'm so happy to be a backer because you are the coolest. seriously.
$100,000!!
we're so close to 100,000!!
julia nunes + backers = feelings.
go team go!!
$97959 and counting  woho
so excited to throw in some extra $$$. i was thinking about being cheeky and asking for a nude selfie as my reward, but when i listen to your songs i realized that i know so much about who you truly are. your hopes, dreams, fears, anxieties, heartbreaks, the things the rest of us share with so few if anyone at all. so i suppose we all know who julia is: naked, vulnerable, unapologetic, flawed and thus  truly beautiful. so i guess my reward is that you have the courage to share this. many thanks indeed. -j
yowza. we raised over $6000 today, according to kicktraq... at this rate, we'll hit the $100k mark sometime tomorrow.
update to my last comment: i'm relistening to some of your old albums because i'm so pumped and i forgot how well sugar coats, first impressions, and balloons capture the pain of the human condition. a+
yay! 2k backers!!! now lets see if we can get you over 100k in pledges!!
yayayayay.
it's like i'm 13 years old again and i wrote these just came in the mail for me. i'm so pumped for this album.
just shy of 5 years ago you helped my now husband propose to me at your columbus concert. we are happily married, expecting a daughter in a couple weeks!  you inspire love! so happy to back you in your latest "baby."
110 more pledges to go..........i cant wait for this new album let alone the acoustic version. i hope you also break $100k congrats
c'mon guys, 150 more backers! we made it this far... recruit your friends and family!
julia, you saved my life with your music. the least i can do is help fuel your album that applies so personally to my own life. my year started out the same as your 2014 and i can't wait to hear what you wrote as a result. i've been listening to your music since 2007, thank you for being so wonderful!
maybe if every one that has done this above the $1 one also do a $1 one will that work ????????? i want the acoustic cd bad  please please please !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think you are absolutely amazing and i hope you never stop dreaming and doing what you love to do, what we all love to hear.
the end of that truth or dare video was so cute!!
if there's a living room concert in the sf bay area, i'm hoping to make it (it'd have to be wheelchair accessible, though...) -- i missed the last time you were in berkeley.
very excited about your new cd, and potentially making it to one of your living room tours this year!
you go girl. *snapping fingers in a z*  is this still a thing?   i have no idea i am old. looking forward to hearing this new album. congrats julia
if we get the $300 uke pack will the uke be signed ?
plenty of time to eclipse the $100k mark!
so excited to hear this album.  i was wondering if it would be possible for the backers to have maybe a pre-order day for your living room tour for the album?  just some way that we would have first access to the shows as they will probably sell out quickly.  can't wait to hear the new songs, and looking forward to seeing you when you go back on tour.  hoping you hit up new orleans again.  we really enjoyed it last time.
congratulations! you are a truly talented woman who respects music and your fans. the way you are speaks louder than my words could ever express but your music, your talent, your personality and honesty shine so amazingly i don't need to say a word. good luck beautiful lady :) hope you are happy
ok, i want one of those shirts--so i'm pledging as far as i can go. congratulations julia!
just backed this!  i am so glad i am able to help fund and continue your career julia! ever since i first found out about you i've been hooked to your videos and music. :) i helped with your last kickstarter campaign and i am so so happy to do it again! i cannot wait to hear what you've come up with for this album, but i know it's be stellar! :)
just donated!! i first saw one of your videos like 6 years ago because someone shared one of them and i thought you were amazing. then i forgot about those videos until one day 3 years ago when i randomly remembered "hey, whatever happened to that awesome girl that played the ukulele".  i didn't remember your name so i tried every combination possible to find you on youtube ("blond girl ukulele", "awesome cover", "famous youtuber who plays ukulele on her room", etc). i couldn't find you anywhere but then i remembered one of your covers i really liked ("accidentally in love") and i found you! i can't tell you how happy i felt. and i've been following you since then. you literally have covered any favourite song of mine, and thanks to you i decided i wanted to play the ukulele, so i bought one 5 months ago. if one day i turn out to be only 1% as talented and awesome as you are, i will be the happiest girl on the planet. please never stop doing what you do, greetings from spain! ps: sorry for the long post
congratulations on passing $80,000!
whoooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!
well, i think it's safe to say this kickstarter has kicked the last kickstarter's butt. woohoo!
wow! more than $76k, and still nine days to go. i'm wondering if this campaign might reach $100k. that would be spectacular!
awesome! 75k and counting!
new question:  how badly did i hurt my chances of a tour stop "coming to a bfe near you" by misspelling question in the last question?
questoin: how likely is it that you'd make a tour stop in the middle of nowhere?  if the answer is "pretty good.."  how likely is it that you'd travel to the middle of nowhere, make a left, and go to where you can't even see the middle of nowhere anymore to do a show?  yep. thats where i live. *sigh* sometimes bfe needs a little love too.
nunes !!!
girl, you rock!  i've been listen your music and conected on your channel since 2008, and i simplely love your voice, you smile, you always helped me truth these years and i 'm so glad that finally i got the chance to help you on something (: i got a international card and this is the moment! yay!! i've to tell you that, while i was watching this video, i cried, i feel so conect to the music that you "played" in the end, it makes me wanna more and more the cd, it touch me deeply (: hope you have all the happiness in this world, you're amazing singer, a amazing person and you'll achive more things , i cheer you wath ever happen ^^ good luck julia! you will rule the world!!
yay! i'm so excited to be able to help back your project! i've been listening to your music and following on youtube since the way back day (seven years ago!!!!) i am so happy that you have come so far, and that you've been able to pursue your passion and dream of living as a musician. you have so much talent and i wish you all the best! hugs and love. <3
julia!!! the amount of support you're receiving is absolutely amazing!!! i started listening to you in 2007 as a fragile sophomore in high school and you managed to make everything a little better with your say anything covers. i'm looking so forward to this album!!! keep being amazing!
we're going to break 75,000. that's the goal. we can do it.
the song that started it all for me? your cover of the beatles' "i'll be back" -- it's so badass.
hey julia, i wanted to thank you.  at a rough patch in life, i discovered you, your smile, and your music.  it helped me get interested in music again, i am playing daily, singing often, and making money when people pay me to stop.  life is better with music. even mine!  thanks.
i hope the shirts come in size 3xl or 4xl.
i loved the sound of the first song. it reminded me of how much i liked your last album, and how long it's been. okay, so, you asked for questions, and i hope this one's not too personal(?)... my wife and i are planning our 30th wedding anniversary trip, and are thinking about traveling to pico, in the azores, where my paternal great-grandparents were from. that said, i was just wondering where in portugal your family's from? silly question, i know... and thanks again for sharing your music!
woah--just broke $60k! julia, dude, this is awesome! (...like i need to tell you that! lol)
sure looks like i was right, you're a lock on one and a half. no one deserves it more execpt your fans, all of whom eagerly await the fruits of your labors......
hope to hear some of the new album live in the uk, maybe in the summer this time! all the best with it
junes!  i've got a dare for you.  i dare you to rewatch one of your earliest youtube videos and provide commentary.  how does it make you **feel**? either that, or do a ukulele tutorial for one of your songs.  because that would be really rad.  or both.  both would be super cool.
dude, i use your videos to teach my students about harmony, ukuleles and percussion instruments, writing music and solo singing. they're all about you. thank you for being a source of inspiration and constancy for my west philly kids. it is a huge hope of mine and my girlfriend's to host you in a livingroom show on your tour. your music is so cool and has gotten me through some rough times, so thanks for that also. backing your kickstarter is the least i could do! can't wait to see you on tour.
seeing the numbers continuing to go up puts such a smile on my face -- not half as big as the one on your face, but still... i can't help but feel inspired, myself. (though i'm more a photographer than a singer/songwriter.) much love, julia!
so, um, you're awesome and beautiful. your cover of a song actually directed me to a band i now like, but even more importantly, held me as a fan of your music. both your music and your almost effortless ability to connect to everyone who watches your videos, are a fantastic testament to your abilities... keep it up!!!
since i live in kansas, i want to second shawn's "dare".
julia!!!! i cannot wait for a new album and to have a vinyl version! okay here is a truth or dare;  truth: out of all the songs you have written, what is your favourite?  dare: i dare you to come to kansas, more specifically kansas city! as far as i know, you haven't been here, and we would be happy to welcome you :) as always, i love you and your music. happy singing!
hey julia! i am so pumped for you! i cannot wait for this album! i have both a question and a dare for you. question: can you pleaseeeeee come to st. john's, newfoundland? i promise you wont be disapointed! dare: i dare you to serenade a stranger on the street.
question: can someone pledge a little bit more to get the vinyl as well as the other rewards? i still like vinyl (have a bunch of old lps at home), but my level doesn't include it. i'm at the $300 level.
i just have to say i love backing your projects and purchasing your music! :)  i discovered your youtube when i first arrived in england for a semester abroad in 2009.  i was a tad bit homesick and lonely at first, and watching your videos made me feel like i was just hangin' out with a cool friend.  i ended up purchasing a ukulele while i was overseas so that i could have a nice lil travel sized instrument to play while i was missing my guitar.  basically what i'm getting at is you're cool and inspirational and i like you.
i'm so stoked that i can back this project since i missed the last kickstarter. you're doing great things, julia!
trying to find out how to display the uke and at the same time not expose it to the elements like light and dust :-(  my daughter is just going to die when we get it .love your music and you are only 1 or 2 artist that i have supported and i have all of your cd's many are signed . enjoy your music  and the one other artist that i have invested in to is emisunshine sorry not on kickstarter  yall are so nothing alike in the art of music yet both of you are so talented at the same time and just wonderful  started watching you before the ben folds kudos with your new cd cant wait for it good luck and best wishes and remember don't worry be happy  we all love you !!!!!!!!!
i'm so proud of you, julia. please stay golden and i can't wait to hear the new songs!
hey yo julia. just fyi i would back any and every musical endeavor you throw up on this website because your music is sweet as heck. take my $50 and run dude. (also, please hug my package extra tight. but not tight enough to break the cd. not that i think you're dumb and would, but accidents happen...even for those with the best hug intentions.)
my love of your music is like a mysterious seafaring mammalian beast: always present and occasionally surfacing, yet frequently unseen and submerged.  the prospect of this new album has made it grow legs.  creepy metaphor aside, i'm so pumped for your new album and i'm proud of myself for actually understanding kickstarter enough to support you this time.
so, i looked at my bank account and saw i had a bit more in there than i thought i did ... so i increased my pledge to the $30 tier--because you're that awesome. (and for what it's worth, i like tom's idea below.) :-d
julia, i've been watching this campaign grow, and surpass the original goal. i'm a backer, so this puts a big grin on my face. but if you'll let me make a suggestion, id like to see you do a cover of the beatles "with a little help from my friends", and post it on your website and youtube channel. you could do an intro in the video to mention your kickstarter campaign. this is just a suggestion, of course, but i think that you and your entourage would do a great cover of this classic.
i have been listening to you for over 5 years! my best friend found you on youtube and i fell in love with your music! cant wait for your new album! much love from st. john's, newfoundland !
well i guess this means you should come on back to madison when the touring starts.
this is great, julia! i've been dribbling money to you on patreon since may. glad to see you here again on ks (where i was first introduced to your music and awesome perkiness). you're wonderful!
jeepers, i can't wait for the next record.  i heard you 1st on npr and had periods of deep obsession with your music since.  part of the soundtrack of my life now.   funny how many artists are playing  uke now. 'supose that was your master plan, ms. nunes.  i hope to see you live sometime in denver. thank you!! yer just lovely.
i've enjoyed watching your talent grow from when you started posting on youtube, and i'm very happy that this kickstarter campaign is going so well. i'll look forward to getting the signature uke. i've never played one, but i'm going to learn. maybe you could post a few tips for beginners like me? best wishes, and congratulations!
you should send out an email from your old kickstarter! i'm sure many of the backers for your other album would love to support this one as well!
after seeing you in boone at the living room show where i gave you my self-designed ukulele poster, your selfless caring and sincere love for music really inspired me. i am always down to support you, julia!
i caught your show in berkeley last year! been looking forward to this for a while! can't wait! :) happy birthday!
i heard that you were the reason that molly ringwald, the 16 candles queen herself started playing the ukulele... so molly ringwald and i have something in common...so awesome! congrats julia, i'm proud to once again back your amazing talent! i always put your cd's on in the car, and when people ask 'who is this?' i causally brag, "you mean you don't know? it's julia nunes! in fact..." (pause for suspense) "...i was one of the backers on her last album." i can't wait to blast the new tunes and sing at the top of my lungs!
soooooooo happy to donate again for your second kickstarter effort. sooooooo pumped at how fast you reached full funding. you, ma'am, are incredible. can't wait for my new autographed cd. that will make it 5 for 5! love, jack
so boss...congrats on surpassing your goal once again! incredible.  can't wait to hear the new album.
i'm really excited about this kickstarter/album-to-be--but i know i'm not half as excited as you are. i wish i had marked the date i discovered your beatles covers on youtube, because that was my introduction to one of my favorite musicians--and a fellow ukulele player (though i need to pick it up again.) congrats! <3
been a fan for a long time. your first kickstarter was the first campaign i ever donated to and i'm so happy to see you meet your goal again so quickly. you deserve all the success in the world! best of luck and can't wait to hear what you have in store for us next.
u + we = supercool...   thanks for your amazing music...
julia, i am over the moon happy for you!  also for myself, because i will be adding to my collection of julia nunes kickstarter swag.  i cannot wait for that ukulele to arrive! i... might want you to draw a chicken on it.  it's complicated.  in any case, keep on killin' it, girl, you're a gd power house!
looks like we are all getting a new album.... well done, great day for you
i loved watching your videos and listening to your music for so many years now, i missed out on the last kickstarter, but i jumped on the chance for this one! :) i am so excited.
been a fan for a long time now and i'm so happy i can help contribute towards what i am sure is going to be a fabulous album.
i have been enjoying your videos since your days at skidmore. good luck with the new album! btw my condolences over your breakup with your so last year. oh the bright side of that,taylor swift writes about hers and cries all the way to the bank!
so, yeah; could you say more about the signature uke?  ('cause i don't quite have enough ukuleles ... ) kala is good. concert-sized is good.  anything else?
i threw internet money at you without realizing that i was wearing your face on my shirt at the time. i'm sorry i'm subconsciously creepy, but congratulations! ...for achieving your goal, not for being plastered on my chest.
you are changing the game!!! i love you and am so proud of you. go get em tiger!!
i'm so excited! i hope you get even more press this time!
i'm expecting a stop in az for your next tour!!
i will always support you julia. looking forward to the new album.
always happy to help, julia! as long as you're making music, i'll be buying it! you are the best musician to cruise around to, singing at the top of our lungs! xoxo ~elena
helped before.  helped again. happy birthday. :)
you've almost made your entire goal in 12 hours. what a birthday gift! very happy birthday, julia! happy to back your great tunes once again! by the way, please come back to canada this time?!
i've followed you ever since i saw your say anything - woe video on youtube. it's about goddamn time i pitched in and help you realize yet another milestone in your career. you're awesome julia, never stop what you are doing.
i am actually feeling incredibly emotional about backing yet another of your projects. for as much as i can possibly afford to i am throwing my self behind your story, once again. thank you for sharing your self with us once more, for being brave and for being a beautiful example of positivity in the face of emotional adversity. i admire you, so very much and i appreciate everything you do.
donated because i can't even begin to explain how your music has affected me. settle down is what made me believe i could even write music of my own - it's helped me through good times, bad times, falling in love, and plenty of heartbreaks. anyway, i'm so incredibly excited for your new album and i can't wait to see where you go next. :)
i listened to settle down non-stop on repeat for months and months and months. just adored everything about that album and over the moon to be able to be a backer for your latest venture #excite you're such a talent and an amazing personality and one of my favourite internet people. i hope you smash your goals this year. you're denting the universe, human!
i can't breathe because you're just such a quality human. $5 is all i've got right now, but it can make some kind of difference, right? can't wait to see what 2015 has in store for you, and can't wait to hear the new album!!! love always.
for your birthday, i'm backing your kickstarter.  you say you'll be shipping around march, which is when my birthday is.  so this should work just fine.  sorry you went through some tough times, but to be able to make something positive out of it is a real gift.  i'm really looking forward to hearing the album and seeing you on tour.
a new kickstarter campain? count me in! i love supporting your music (i was a backer in 2011 too). i can't wait to hear the new album, i'm sure it'll be brilliant!  happy birthday julia!
sounds like we had similar 2014s (at least emotionally) and are hoping for similar things in 2015 (namely: better). here's to you, who have wowed me from the first video i saw. can't wait to hear your new stuff! you're brilliant and brave, and you're going to continue making great art each year =)
i didn't even need to watch the video to know i was donating. if there's a julia nunes kickstarter, i'm in.
because i believe in you. happy birthday love, nathaniel
happy birthday julia! i'm so excited for this album, your music has inspired me for years and will continue to do so. have an incredible year!
very excited that there is a vinyl option! i can't wait for this album, the song you posted on patreon is seriously incredible. junu is going to take over the world with this one y'all.
happy birthday, julia. you are incredible. hoping you tour again shortly, i want to see you preform again before i leave for basic training.
happy birthday to one of my favorite musicians!
yeah! i've been needing a julia fix. i mean, sure, you totally helped me propose just over a year ago, but i need more julia in my life.
i love supporting artists like you julia.  yay!
ur the best here's my money
love your work and i'm happy to support your wonderful music. keep it up julia!
shut up and take my money! sorry, i just get excited for new julia music. wishing you the best!
i'm very excited to hear it! i wasn't able to back the last album and that's one of my favorite ones! glad to be able to back this one.
you're adorable. of course i want your album. thanks for asking.
