hi les and ken i did receive a survey invite, and completed it, but haven't heard anything since.  if you have tried using the opayq.com email address that is the one that is non funcitonal now - please use the w3z.co.uk one.
@doc, very odd--i'm sorry about that. i have 2 emails for you, not sure which is correct. i will try messaging you through kickstarter to get you your survey link. please let me know if you don't get it within the next few minutes.
for some reason i have not been receiving updates via email on this project - so i've missed the first shipping schedule.  so i've just changed my email to another more reliable one.  any chance you can contact me about my original backing of this project please?
@alan, no sorry we don't, but that might be something cool to do in the future. but you would need 2 mirrors of  different types to make the optical system in a full lucy head. the maker kit you got is just enough to build a simple camera lucida. i'll keep this idea in mind.
i received my semi transparent mirror today and was wondering if you have an stl file of the head so i could 3d print one?
hi anne, your lucy was shipped last month. it just takes a little time to get all the way out to south africa. you should have gotten the tracking number emailed to you when it shipped, but i will message you with the tracking info.
i have updated my shipping address could you please send me a tracking number as i have not received one yet and i am so looking forward to receiving mine
uk customs for you i guess. i haven't tried it properly but it's a very nice piece of kit. looking forward to getting back into drawing with it. thanks
@nicholas, i am sorry, i didn't think there would be any customs fees because i marked the packages as gifts because it is a pledge reward and not a normal online sale. but i never know what international customs are going to do, they seem to be a bit unpredictable.  i wish i could do more. i discounted the international shipping price below what it actually cost me to ship the rewards and ended up paying thousands more on international shipping then backers paid in, only to have the customs office come and take out there own chunk—how maddening!
got mine today but had to pay an unexpected £23 customs fee to receive it :(
thank you so much! it means a lot to me!
got mine, looks great!  i can't wait to give it to my soon to be 12 year old daughter on her upcoming birthday!!!
just got mine in the mail, and i love it. i can't wait play around with it some more!!
michael, great ideas! anything is possible. it's a little harder to do the lens effects with a camera lucida because it's a reflected virtual image rather than an actual projected image, but i have some ideas that might make that kind of thing work. so maybe in a future project. for now, i'll include some business cards with your lucy that you can give to those classmates that give you a funny look...
just as another thought, wouldn't it be cool in future models to have a zoom lens so you can change the focal view. what would be incredible would be having an eos fitting so we could use a crazy 8mm fisheye or super long lens! i wonder if this is even remotely possible? maybe get this version shipped first but food for thought!!! thanks!
i think they were pretty cool photos of boxes, but i like that kind of thing! i was telling my friends about the camera ludica yesterday, and going on about albrecht durer et al. i found piece of perspex and we did some super complex perspective drawing on it with one eye closed and a permenant marker, and all dead simple! how much better with a real camera lucida! i'm going to take it to my life drawing classes, though i may get some funny looks!!! thanks!
thank you z, that is very helpful information. i'm also keeping a close eye on the possibility of this postal strike. please keep me posted with any information you hear.
update on canada post. last night canada post withdrew its lockout notice so for now the mail continues to be delivered. keep in mind however that canada post can give a 72 hour lockout notice at anytime, and the union may also decide to go on strike with the same 72 hour notice. for the latest updates on the situation go to http://www.cupw.ca/en/news-and-events (postal workers union) and www.cbc.ca (canadian news).
just thought i'd let you know that canada post is locking out postal workers on july 11th, 2016. mail and parcels sent by post (as opposed to private courier services) from any country to canada will not be deliverable until the canada post labor dispute is settled which may be a while. i will update you if the situation changes. until then any mail or parcels destined for canada should be sent by courier to ensure timely delivery.
updates?
hi patricia! yes, a lot has been going on, but i want to put it all in the next update. i was going to do the update today, but i'm waiting for one more little something to be delivered this afternoon so i can show it off. i think i'll be able to post the update on monday. i don't want to keep you waiting, i just want the update to be that much better ;-)
any new on delivery yet.  i am excited and i know i can get you more orders when i get mine as i will be doing a demo at two of the clubs i am a member  and also president of the womens tri art society in dayton ohio.   thanks for the update.  patricia tallman/ patskincare@aol.com
hi mariana rexroth! you are not dropped from the project. your pledge is in the system and you will be getting your rewards as soon as it is ready along with everyone else. i'm not sure what issue you are seeing--everything is normal on my end. i'll send you a follow-up email once i triple check to make sure everything is okay.
based on emails from magic arts and the status shown on my kickstarter account page, these entities apparently believe that i have already collected on this campaign. in addition, based on emails from magic arts, they believe that i do not have a kickstarter account. so it appears that they took my money and have dropped me! i would like to hear from these entities that i will receive the reward that goes with my pledge.
ive been working with arrachme art to answer her question. just in case anyone else had the same question, here is the answer i got from kickstarter: "kickstarter is an all or nothing platform. that means that backers are not charged for their pledge until the moment a project ends at or above its goal. if a project is not successfully funded, no backers will be charged and no money changes hands. pledges might be listed as a "recurring" charge on their statement because we do not actually charge them until a later date. they will only be charged once for their pledge."
you have marked on my credit card details that you are going to use it as a recurring charge. this is to inform you that you have no authority to use my credit card.  please respond.
hi ashton, it's kinda the quiet before the storm as we wait for all the parts we ordered to be delivered so we can start assembly. i will post a more detailed update next week.
any updates on how it's going?
congratulations on achieving full funding.   can't wait for my new  lucy to arrive.  well done team.
looking forward to seeing my lucy and good luck with the project!
awesome! congrats guys...super idea, and i can't wait to try it out!
awesome news can hardly wait to receive my lucy's   thats fantastic.   thanks.
thank you all so much!!!
congrats!  i have stoped drawing for almost 10 years, but your product has inspired me to start again. thank you
congratulations
follow !!!!!
it is better to lead from the front than fallow the crowd, ride on
i cannot wait for this tool  congratulations i can think of so many more orders once i have seen mine
way to go and congratulations!  looking forward to using this terrific tool. well done, wish i had thought of it!!
how exciting! i had no doubts! i am proud to be one of the first to own a lucy!
great news well done! i've been wanting to make one for years now so i'm glad to piggy back your skill and experience and can't wait to use the lucy! thanks!
just home after working on a mural today and saw the update. can't wait. i've never been too swift at "critters", so i look forward to how i can use lucy to train me. we have so many longhorns, goats, deer, sheep here. now i can finally learn to get my proportions right! thanks. keep us posted.
so excited to get my hands on this! you guys are awesome!
christine, yes you sure can. after i see your pledge adjustment, i'll make a note to send you two kits. thanks!
hi,  i pledged for the maker kit, and i was wondering if i can double my pledge and get two kits?
so glad this is going to happen.  can't wait to get my hands on a lucy.  well done .
i try not to send out too many updates, so i just wanted to post a quick note here in the comment section.  we flew past our goal within a few hours of launching, and wow it was gratifying to see so many people who wanted to be part of this project.  so i just want to say thank you! thank you for making this happen! that's it for now, i'll be in contact with some updates as things move forward.
best of luck! glad to be a part of it!
glad to be on board!
