hi folks - for any support or shipping issues, please please email us at support@emberlight.co, and we'll follow up and track.
i still am waiting on my small room package...
hi, i expect you since 2015 !!!???  could you send me my emberlight please ??? if is it no possible, refund me !!!! best regards  ugo
hi, i expect you since 2015 !!!???  could you send me my emberlight please ??? if is it no possible, refund me !!!! best regards  ugo
dear kickstarter members and backers, only to give follow up to my previous commenti. after a few days from my issue, i received an efficient support from the emberlight's support team. i guess this is a sign that emberlight's team  reflect the high standard of the business concept (beyond products). thanks to all the team of emberlight
hello.  i backed your project purchasing the "small room plus" reward, and after many many time i have received the e26 instead of the e27 due to technological issues on the ec certification but as you said to all the backer outside us the e26 is somewhat compatible with the e27 so no issue also for italy.  when i received the package i was prompted with a 30euros (33$) custom fee. apart the  surprised as i have purchased many other things via kickstarted (even more expensive than the 162$ i payed for the three sockets) and i have never been asked to pay any custom fee. anyway quite excited i went home with my package and put the sockets in place taking care of all the requirements (so extra expense for the required lamp) and, when i turned on the light no one of the three responded. moreover, when i went on your web site i discovered that now the sockets cost 49$. i could have purchased 4 of them... so, after two years, 195$ customs included i end up with a super-expensive smart socket that not work with e27 and i should pay other 50$ for the shipment in california. i guess you should provide a transparent way to all the community that have or had the same problem to avoid to loose time (with lot of mails) and money considering we took part to your dream and backed on it.  please let us know.
what socket extender do i use to get the e26  emberlight to work in my e27 socket as it won't make contact.
hi when do i get this product as have heard nothing at all please email me asap danielgogna@gmail.com
where are my goods . still waiting please asap email me
there is a serious problem with emberlight. i wonder if someone else encountered this issue. 1. add/pairing new emberlight to an account via android platform is rather a painful process or almost impossible be done. 2. during emberlight setup, it has been detected via phone/app. while it is completing the processing of whole setup of adding new emberlight to assigned wifi/subnet (wifi/router with access point mode, reason of using is to extend home networking area coverage) emberlight will not work and cause overall networking issue until router is reset.
hi folks - for any support or shipping issues, please please email us at support@emberlight.co, and we'll follow up and track.
hello no goods here either. please advise on shipping situation.
where are my goods , as i am still waiting. 2 years and still no goods  . please either send goods or return money asap . pretty annoyed and disappointed .
i have had problems maintaining a connection to the app and/or ifffttt since i received my pledge set. now, as of 2 days ago, they do not connect to the app at all, despite numerous attempts to reboot, delete and reinstall the app, unplug and reinstall emberight devices, etc, etc. i submitted a support ticket several days ago, and have not received any reply from emberlight at all....this really is disappointing - i can no longer use these but they never really worked for very long anyway.....back to the drawing board folks - time to pony up for an iot light system that actually works....
hi, i've received 2 e26s but they dont work with e27.
i just receive the e26 but it's not working... the apps do not find it.
hello there, on the 13th of august 2014 i have backed your project purchasing the "small room plus" reward. after two years and many misadventures i have received the e26 instead of the e27 (as there where insurmountable technological issues and it couldn't be done) but the e26 is somewhat compatible with the e27 so no biggie there. when i received the package i was prompted with a 25£ (33$) custom fee. i was kind of surprised as i have purchased many other things via kickstarted (even more expensive than the 162$ i payed for the three sockets) and i have never been asked to pay any custom fee. quite excited i went home with my package and put the sockets in place (i had already everything ready i was just missing the sockets) and, when i turned on the light only one of them responded. i thought it could be some issue with the setting (the emberlight-less lightbulbs work perfectly) and i tried the sockets one at the time in another lamp but same result. i then went to the website and happily discovered that the sockets now cost 49$. i could have purchased 4 of them... so, after two years, 195$ customs included i end up with a super-expensive smart socket. how can i have a refund? please let me know.
so i just got around to using my emberlights from the kickstarter (had to get a socket extension and it just took me a while to do it). anyway one of the lights seems to be duller than the other. the other, the bulb powers just fine to max, but the first one seems to be almost at half power. i've tried two bulbs in it and i've also checked them with the emberlight taken out and it's definitely the el. any idea of why it's happening or what i might be able to do about it?
@emberlight i tried these bulbs: http://www.startrading.com/--light-sources/decoration-led/decoration-led-clear-g95-e27-2100k-320lm-dimmer-comp and also: http://www.startrading.com/--light-sources/decoration-led/decoration-led-clear-e27-2100k-320lm-dimmer-comp i was also not able to to the brightest setting, anything above 2/3 and they would simply turn off. also noticed that after a few minutes in irregular intervals these led bulbs would flicker.. then i tried a cheap, regular philips halogen classics bulb and here all seems to work as expected. no flickering, powered off completely when i dimmed all the way down and also i was able to power all the way up.. so maybe there is a problem with led in general or with star trading builds in particular.. hope this helps. i'll do more testing and report back if i find anything interesting. oh and it would be great if the ifttt recipes would react quicker. i.e. the 'do button' takes a good 5seconds before the light is switched on or off :)
because of the missing ce sign, german import of e26 is not possible - the customs just sent it back :(
hi just received my e26 emberlight as you said it would work fine with e27 bulbs and fittings, but i get no response from the emberlight i have tried several light fitting with my dimmer led light from ikea but still no luck?
hi nik - can you let me know the make/model of the bulb that you are using? we'll buy one and test it out here. can you try another dimmable light bulb (incandescent or halogen if you can), and let us know if you see the same issue?
i've received my two e26 in switzerland now and installed them with two dimmable led lights. what i noticed that even when i turn the lights off they dont totally turn off, some light is still noticeable - only when pull the plug (or use the main switch on the lamp) the lights truly go off. is that known? i was going to use ifttt to automatically switch them on and off but that's seems pretty useless if i have to manually switch off the lamps to save energy.. :(
hi steve - we're very sorry for the inconvenience, and we will provide you with the refund you requested.
anyone who has worked in electronics knows the differences in us vs row certification, so to have not planned for is inexcusable. just filled the survey to ask for refund.
current e26 don?t work as replacement for e27 so all wafor e27 don't change it..i've asked because they told it will work and it doesn't...not even recognized through emberlight app and don't wok with led,cfl ,halogen or incandescent...i've tried even with ikea bulbs that are listed to work and none switch on ...so i'm waiting for suppprt to solve this issue :-(
hi guys - we'll be posting an update on e27 shortly.
hi, can i get an update on my delivery date? it's coming up on two years since i first backed this project
hi guys, wouldn't it be an option to honor the waiting e27 supporters with an extra e27 for free? best regards, wolfgang
hi guys. please check on my order. it's been such a long time i don't even know if i would actually use them anymore. it was supposed to be for our new house and we've now lived here for more than a year still awaiting my orders to get here. thanks.
from malaysia here, when will my emberlight arrive? thanks.
hi @scott - we're starting the parts procurement process now for the e27 manufacturing ramp. in parallel we are still working to finish up ce certification. we're still about 2-3 months out. hi @vlad - just looked up your order. you have 2xe26 and 1xe27 that was added on later. the e27 unit is what held up the order in the system. was the e27 an error? we can fix and ship all 3 asap. if it wasn't an error, we can split up the shipment. just let us know. feel free to direct message if more convenient.
hi guys, when do i get my emberlight (2xe26)? us here.
hi guys, i am from australia. wondering when i will receive my emberlight?
for the e27 version, revised samples are with the certification lab and being tested. the first tests on the top enclosure are looking good so far. we started procuring parts for production assuming we'll pass (to save time). we'll have a more detailed update in the coming weeks.
any news from my emberlight for germany?
i am from brazil, when will my emberlight come?
hi madalena - will do! hi mayo - you've ordered the e27 version of the product. as mentioned, we have to make some modifications to the top cover to pass ce certification. sorry for the delay and inconvenience. we will honor any of these options: (1) ship you the e26 versions immediately if you'd like - they are designed to work globally, but only certified for north america (2) cancel and provide a full refund immediately (3) hold your preorder and ship the e27 version once we complete ce certification. let us know which you prefer.
please change mine to e26 also and ship mine also!thanks
can i know when do i get my pledge ?
i sent you pm regarding mine,can you please update?
hi dotan - will do. they will ship out today. hi necdet - sorry for the delay with the european e27 version, and confusion with the amazon posting (e26 only). looks like you were able to snag one of our early birds (2@$79) on kickstarter. we also offer our kickstarter backers additional units @$39/ea through backerkit which is $10 off the list price for a single unit. i do see that you've ordered the e27 versions. we will honor any of these options: (1) ship you the e26 versions immediately if you'd like - they are designed to work globally, but only certified for north america (2) cancel and provide a full refund (3) hold your preorder and ship the e27 version once we complete ce certification. let us know which you prefer.
it's a huge dissapointment for me to see emberlight on amazon with 2 day shipping. it's price is same as i paid one and a half years ago.
if so please change my pledge to e26 on all 3 items and ship it
hi dotan - we've put up the north america e26 version (with ul and fcc certifications) on amazon. we haven't yet starting shipping the e27 version (with ce certification) to anyone yet. you can be sure that we'll ship the e27 units to kickstarter backers before putting on amazon. by the way, we designed both the e26 and e27 version to work anywhere in the world (global voltage and frequency). however the certification requirements are different in europe vs. north america, which tripped us up a little (sorry!). that being said, if you want the e26 version (ul, fcc certified) now, we can ship those immediately. a quick update on e27 - we're still going through tooling changes for the inner screw shell which is a slow and deliberate process. once that is done, we'll send samples to the certification lab. we'll provide more details in the coming weeks as we get them.
i see you already sell on amazon with 2 day shipping but i as a backer haven't received my pladg yet...what up with that ?
i have waited far too long for this. please may i get a refund?
understand the reasons for the delay on the e27 units, but just wondering if there is a rough eta at all on the actual final shipment of them?
is the ember light service down or something? i am unable to turn my lights on via my app for like 6 hours now
ok done~ hope to get my refund soon thanks
hi ron - please send a direct message with your paypal info.
hi there can i file a refund?
hey e27 customers - the changes required for e27 ce certification are slow moving, unfortunately. we believe we have all the design changes necessary, and are now testing those in house. once the testing is verified, we will then send them to the certification lab. sorry for the delay. as mentioned before, we will honor any refund requests if you prefer not to wait, although we hope that you'll stay on board.
still waiting for my european unit. i sent you a message on the 18th in regard to this post of yours "hi mauro - we are still working through design changes required for european ce certification for the e27 version. we apologize for the delays. if you prefer not to wait any longer, please send us a direct message with your paypal info."
hi, could you update me on the status of my emberlight, i still have not got mine delivered. thank you.
hello emberlight ! still waiting for my ce e27. any updates ? thank you ! :)
hi any guys when we expect to get ours in new zealand please
hi mauro - we are still working through design changes required for european ce certification for the e27 version. we apologize for the delays. if you prefer not to wait any longer, please send us a direct message with your paypal info.
hi there, im still waiting for my emberlight? any idea when i'll get it. i waited too much i think. thanks
@creator the e27 is taking far too long. sent a pm with a refund request.
hi @brian - you're not missing anything. we decided to use ifttt's location feature for the time being, while we focused on core functionality and getting the hardware shipped. here are some example recipes using ifttt's location: https://ifttt.com/recipes/352870-when-you-enter-an-area-have-your-light-turn-on https://ifttt.com/recipes/352782-when-you-leave-an-area-have-your-light-turn-off https://ifttt.com/recipes/409363-when-you-enter-an-area-have-a-group-of-lights-turn-on part of what we built in the software architecture is over-the-air software upgrade capability pushed from the cloud. so as we continue to add features, the product you currently have will continue to improve.
where is the 'location' portion within the app? am i missing something?
@beh - please send us a direct message with your paypal info.
@sam - glad they're working with the cree leds. if you can send us the make/model, that would be awesome. we'll add it to our list.  we're working on getting timers natively in the app. in the meantime, you could use our ifttt channel.  you should be able to control them from beyond your network right now. to test/confirm, disable both wifi and bluetooth on your smartphone, then control from the app. let us know if you have issues.
hi, would like to request for the refund. thank you.
got mine working fine with a cree led. i see nothing in the ios app about schedules or controlling from beyond my network. when are these features arriving?
hi @ian, @jeremy - we are still working through design changes required for ce certification for the e27 version. we apologize for the delays.
hi, kindly check on delivery status for me. thanks.
hi any news on delivery, i be not received mine yet!
hi simon - it was shipped out about 10 days ago. did you get the tracking email?
any updates on the when i might expect my ember lights to arrive?
i sent back non functioning emberlight ,awaiting new emberlight
i have two of my (i own four) devices up and running. works very well. i like the fact that they are controllable via ifttt as well. keep up the good work.
@yaz - thanks for the and glad they are working out for you! yes, we prefer to move the discussion to our support page (https://emberlighthelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us) and community forum (https://emberlighthelp.zendesk.com/hc/communities/public/topics). we're still catching up on support tickets, so we apologize in advance if it takes a little extra time to respond. @ben - i responded back to your direct message.
when will i get mine?????
got my 8 units in the mail today! so awesome! tried all of them out on a socket with a bulb and all seem to have no issues connecting to the app! great job guys! setup was pretty easy! quick question, is there a forum or specific place we should be going to a) provide feedback/ideas for future development b) ask questions and/or c) discuss the product in general? i don't want to be spamming up this wall with questions and discussion if it should be happening elsewhere! so excited to get these lights rigged up and start playing with some ifttt recipes!
hi beh - looks like you selected the e27 version. in our last few updates, we mentioned that we are working through design changes to the enclosure to satisfy some specific ce requirements. unfortunately, this process is slow (2-3 months delay), since we have to iterate with our suppliers in china and the certification labs, then build up new enclosures. i'm sorry for the inconvenience and delays. we will honor refund requests for e27 customers if you prefer not to wait any longer.
hi, when will i get my emberlight?
need a reply to the email i sent regarding 6 emberlight  not working , need them to replaced soon ,
@meimei, pallavi - sorry for the delay. we were caught up with a server outage and a few other items. i'll get back to you right now on your support tickets.
hi, i'd sent 2 emails to support as instructed but no response yet. shall i just post them here?  thanks!
none of my 6 emberlight are working . tried all the suggestions including resetting , switching to halogen ,cfl and led. i need them to be replaced soon .
@adam - glad you like them! we have already incorporated ifttt. here is the channel page: https://ifttt.com/emberlight @ganesh - you've selected e27 for your option. not sure if you caught the last few updates, but we have a delay of a few months with that version due to some changes required for ce certification. for those that ordered e27, we are honoring refund/cancellation requests if you prefer not to wait.  email us at support@emberlight.co if you prefer that route.
hi, i haven't got any shipment updates from shipwire. would you mind checking it for me ? thanks.
hello team! got my emberlight and it's really good! build quality is solid and works great! will you be looking to incorporate with iftt? or siri automation? thanks!!
hi @matt - you have selected the bayonet option. we have sent out several messages over the last few months that we dropped this variant for now. please email support@emberlight.co if you'd like to wait for the e27 version or cancel.
any chance you could let me know when i'm likely to receive mine?
we're back online. sorry for the issues.
we're looking into the issue right now. looks like it's system-wide.
seems like something is up with your app, unable to access my account or lights or login at all
i'm unable to register for an account on the emberlight app. also, my note 4 doesnt see the emberlight but my wife's iphone sees it.
hi all - we have found that there is no standard for the electronics used in dimmable led's and cfl's, leading to a high variability in performance with emberlight. we have started a list of bulbs that are compatible and incompatible with emberlight based on our own testing and initial user feedback. you can see the link to the shared google spreadsheet on this support page link: https://emberlighthelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/218551527-incompatible-and-compatible-bulbs this is a living document and we'd love your help to grow the list. if you have some feedback on compatible or incompatible bulbs, please send us the make and model of the bulb and also a description of what happens when used with the emberlight socket. you can leave that info on the support page above, and we'll add it to the list. thanks! @damien - thanks for the feedback. we have seen that similar behaviour with some types of bulbs, where the actual 100% brightness level doesn't match the app brightness setting. in some of those cases, there is also some flicker at 100%, and that flicker stabilizes when dimming down a little. what is the make/model of the bulb that you are using? @meimei - can you shoot us a note at support@emberlight.co?  if you can provide the following info in your response, it will help us troubleshoot: (1) what is the make/model of the light bulbs you are using? (2) can you download the app and see if the app detects the socket? this will tell us if the emberlight sockets are getting powered and are functioning correctly. if so, please go ahead an install them and see if you can control them with the app. (3) there is a few seconds delay for the light to turn on, when you flick the light switch. did the bulbs start pulsing up/down after a few seconds?
ok so i dont think its necessarily the bulbs that aren't functioning with the blink. i think the app has a bit of glitches. i say this because i have 2 of the exact same bulbs with similar housings aside eachother, i notice if i set one of them at full brightness according to the app its actually not full brightness but if i go a bit below full brightness in the app thats when i get full brightness. i also notice if one bulb is set to full brightness and i go to turn the second bulb to full brightness the second bulb starts to flicker hard. as for the noise no matter what level of brightness i have it on the buzzing does not go away.
hi - received my emberlights. ordered some dimmable leds and screwed them in and they don't light up at all! i flicked the light switch (not dimmer) on and lights don't light up. are these supposed to work only using the app? i haven't downloaded the app, thus haven't paired but it shouldn't deter the emberlights from working? please help!
at full brightness i get serious flicker. at anybrightness i get a consistent buzzing sound
for someone who has these what's the benefit over any other smart bulb say a cree or ge bulb?
@kelly - can you try to dim it a little to see if that stabilizes the flickering?  unfortunately, there isn't a standard for the electronics used in leds and cfls, so we're finding that the performance/compatibility with emberlight can vary quite a bit. we are starting a list of incompatible/compatible bulbs based on our own testing and from feedback from kickstarter backers. i'll post that link very soon (by tomorrow). we'll also ask for everyone's help to provide their feedback on the bulbs they are using, and how they are performing. @derrek - yes, we're working on getting the public api ready right now. it'll be about 2 months before we get it released (possibly sooner). if you're interested in being an early beta tester of the api, shoot us a note at hello@emberlight.co. regarding leds, see comment above to kelly. @wil - glad it worked with an incandescent, so yes, likely a compatibility issue with the feit bulb. let us know how the ge bulbs work and we'll add it to the public compatibility list. thanks!
also is everyone having an issue with leds?
fricken fracked cheap crap leb bulbs!!!  okay, i have better ge disables bulbs coming tomorrow. i tested the replacement emberlight with a regular bulb for a minute at it works.
any plans for an integration with smartthings or at least open up the api, if so is it coming sooner than later, if not these no longer suit my needs also, honoring returns and refunds?
thanks for the quick response. i went out and bought two soft white led a21 dimmable bulbs made by ge, one 16w and one 11w. i was happy to see that the emberlight turned on and the app is working. however both led lights emit flickering and it is unusable as of now. i tested the bulbs without the emberlight and they are not flickering and i also tested the emberlight in different lamps and it has the same issue. is there a specific led bulb that you recommend, or that you know for sure is compatible? thanks!
@wil - sorry for the issues. the reason we put in the requirement for a local bluetooth connection to delete a device was for security reasons.  there is indeed an issue when the emberlight goes bad (and others that we found), and we are now considering removing that security feature. we just deleted it for you manually from your account from the backend. if you kill the app and reopen, it should be gone now. we are seeing a few people have issues with feit dimmable bulbs. it's likely that the bulb is somehow permanently damaging the dimmer circuit in the emberlight. we have ordered the bulbs and will test them immediately.  in the meantime, can you test with another bulb (e.g. incandescent or halogen) until we figure out what is going on with the feit bulb? @kelly - thanks for the note! during the campaign, we were asked that question also. we contacted nanoleaf to ask them about their dimmable bulb. they use a non-standard way of dimming - a series of powering the bulb on/off/on which the microcontroller detects and then dims the leds. this type of bulb won't be compatible with the dimmer that is used in emberlight. @chih - please email support@emberlight.co
so i ran into a new issue today. i sent back my emberlight because it wait working. today i received the replacement emberlight.  the new issue is i can't delete the old emberlight from the app unless it's plugin in and turned on! it requires a bluetooth connection to delete it. so now i'm stuck with this in the app. you need to update the app to allow for deletion of a dead emberlight! now the replacement emberlight. it's dead! more to come. i'm going to try it in a different lamp, but i think that is an exercise in futility. patience is thinning a bit.
hi i received the emberlight and set it up. i have it hooked up to a dimmable nanoleaf bloom but it is not working. do you or anyone else know if the two are compatible? p.s. i like the simple packaging and the quality of the product looks great so far.
hello...i received my units a few days ago (4 sockets). i have opened the box just to take a look at what is inside but i have not installed my sockets. i appreciate what the team has done to bring this new tech to market...but my needs have changed over the last few years and i no longer need the sockets. is there any ways i can ship the units back to you and get a refund?
got it thank you!
@derrek - looks like it was just shipped. you should have recieved an email from shipwire with tracking info. the email also includes the color choices. let me know if you didn't get it.
any way to figure out what color i picked and when it might be coming?
hi @pallavi - sorry for the issues. we'll help you troubleshoot it. we first need to figure out what the issue is. we want to make sure that if we send you 6 more units, and you don't have the same issue. it's also quite possible that we can get the ones you have up and running. can you email us back at support@emberlight.co with as much detail as possible on the issues you are seeing for each of the sockets? please also include the following information: 1) what is the make/model of the light bulbs that you are using in each socket? 2) what is the make/model of the smartphone you are using? 3) what version operating system are you running on the smartphone? 4) are you seeing the same issues with all 6 sockets? 5) at what stage did you see the issues?  6) were you able to install them, then use them for while, then they stopped working?  7) or, were you never able to install them? 8) please provide any screenshots of errors that you see. 9) what is the account email that you used to register in the app? thanks!
hi @jonny - sorry for the issue with the 4th unit.  can you email us back at support@emberlight.co? please also include the following information: 1) what is the make/model of the light bulbs that you are used in the 4th socket that failed? 2) at what stage did you see the issue?  3) were you able to install them, then use them for while, then it stopped working?  4) or, were you never able to install them? thanks! re: apple watch app, agreed that it would be awesome. it's on the roadmap, but don't know timing yet since we've got a bunch of other bugs to workout, and core features that we need to add in first.
all my ember light stopped working ,how do i get to replace them ?
received my ember lights today, 3 out of the 4 work, how can i go about getting a replacement for the one defective unit? also any plans for an apple watch app? that would be killer
shipping label received. it's all packaged up in the original packaging and will be shipped out later tonight. thank you a quick response.
hey wil - looks like something in the hardware broke. i'm going to send you a note to your email address to follow up.
update: after having it turned off all night i turned on the lamp today and still no light. yes, the dimable led bulb still works when i put it in the lamp without the emberlight. however, today it did respond to the iphone app and i was able to re-add it to the app and it shows up on my wi-fi network.  i verified the device was off the network before turning it back on. i have verified that emberlight is using azurewave technology wi-fi. that's what is reported by my network scanner app. mac: 80:d2:1d:69:ef:81 i can ping it successfully. i sent a wol packet to it and that didn't turn on the light. still no light. it's a sad dead burnt out emberlight.
and now my emberlight is dead! * i have verified the power is on. * it previous was on the wi-fi network and if you're using the azurewave technology wi-fi components then i still see the emberlight on my network. * it will not respond to the app.  * it will not turn the lights on. * i've powered it off and on. * i've tried to re-add it to the iphone app. the app can't see it. it's dead jim!
awesome news! keep up the good work
quick update - grouped functionality in ifttt just got published! there are 4 new actions specifically for groups that mirror the single light actions. we'll start publishing some examples recipes for these as well.
@jake - we manufactured the colors in large blocks at a time (white, gray, white). we started with white since it ended up being 75% of the preorders (surprisingly high to me!). because you had grey, it wasn't included in the first few shipments, but it is in this week's (i see your order in there). if you don't get a tracking email by this sat, let us know. @ jeroen - glad the install was easy. we also are thinking of printing the mac address on the device. we didn't do it here since it would complicate the manufacturing process. we've been testing the new android app (with ble functionality) and it's working great (faster response). we're planning to publish within the next 2 weeks. native timers and locations are in the works, but for now we do have ifttt integration which you can use to implement these same features (https://ifttt.com/emberlight). right now this is for single lights. grouped functions in ifttt also coming within the next few weeks. @ tim - sounds good. let us know if you have any issues (support@emberlight.co) @ ibrahim - sent you a direct message.
haven't received or heard a thing.  at the rate you are supposedly shipping, i should have received by now, being backer #25.  ?
received my 4 emberlights today and installed them, which was fairly easy. the only downside i could see in this process was that i had to temporarily turn my router's mac filters off and find the mac address in my router's logs as they are not printed on either box or emberlight fixtures (perhaps an idea to add this at a later stage?). really looking forward to android app updates for the timers, location based and bluetooth functionality (those are the functions i'm sure most people want the emberlights for). right now it is nothing but a light switch on my phone, which is a bit of a downer, but alas, i hope the updates follow soon.
received mine. packaged well. will comment when installed. thanks finally.
hi, please advice still waiting not received my order
@tejaswi - thank you for the kind words :)  you can get more on indiegogo indemand right now (linked from the preorder button above). if you don't see the quantity you want on there, email us at support@emberlight.co and we can hook you up.
also, can i order more ...
good product. setting was eaaasssyyy... thank you. worth the wait.
hey mike - just responded back to you.  let us know if that works.
hi. i also am having one socket not working. i just sent an email to the support address
hi @nam - we'll work with you to sort this out. i'm going to reply back to you at your email address, since this may require verifying personal information.
i pledged for 4 but only received 2 units. please advise.
oh, now i see ifttt.  i'm off to play with that.thanks!
now i have a dimmable led bulb in there. this works great!  now to figure out what to do with this besides just turn in on and off with my phone. if the app had a feature to program the time lights went on and off that would be interesting. slowly brighten in the morning and wake up slowly to light instead of blaring noise? hmmmmmm
@zero2sixty - i can understand your frustration and we're sorry for the delays and inconvenience to our eu customers. if you prefer not to wait any longer, send your cancellation and refund request to support@emberlight.co and we'll process it immediately via paypal.
@creator: your update via indiegogo reports delays for european backer for another 3 months!? have you not foreseen the need to do certifications since the campaign started in july 2014???!!! i am sure i am not the only backer from the eu who thinks that this is lame, if not bordering on incompetent...
hi @maxime - sorry for the issues that you are having. we can work with you to sort them out. please send an email with as much details on the issues to support@emberlight.co and we'll first provide some troubleshooting steps.
just received mine, 2 out of 3 don't work: i see them on the app, but no light on the bulb no matter what. the third one works normally. i tried swapping them around, only one of them works. got some lemons i guess. what is the process to get a replacement?
hi @les - they are going out in weekly batches. you'll get an automated tracking email once your preorder gets to shipping.
should we have gotten a tracking number or some sort of notification stating the lights where on the way? i haven't gotten anything?
absolutely cannot wait to get my hands on these! :)
@will @wickedsweetham - thanks for the feedback on the setup and installation! we spent a lot of time to make that a core differentiator for our product, so great to hear the positive response from our first customers. there are still some bugs and edge cases that we're working through, but in most cases it should take less than 1 minute.
package received. super easy setup! clean ui.  now all i need is someone to add in an api plugin to the neeo smart remote coming out am im set!
dimmable!!! fricken autocorrect!
i think the led bulbs i have are not disable. packaging? that got thrown out a long time ago. however, i did do the setup and that was super easy. i mean almost too easy.  i have on or off right now and no dimming. but hey i know it works! so far this works great! cheers!!
@will - yes, we added a dimmer circuit into the product. we felt that having dimming control is more valuable vs. just on/off control.  some leds are dimmable and some aren't. the bulb should say on the bulb or packaging.
mine just showed up today. one huge things i noticed is it requires a dimmable bulb.  i have not followed this project closely so i guess i forgot that part. my bad. so um, are led bulbs dimmable?
@timothy - we'll start e26 international shipments in the next 2-3 weeks. for e27, we still have the delay mentioned in the last few updates (about 2-3 months) - working on ce certification and the required tooling changes.
@creator what about international backers (singapore)?
@phi - thanks for the feedback. yes, after a lot of extensive early testing, we found that the user experience was bad enough to pull the feature (was done awhile back). since it's a software upgrade (all the devices have bluetooth le and wifi), we can ota upgrade existing devices from the cloud once we feel much more comfortable/confident with the approach.  for now, you can use gps proximity with ifttt. we've created the recipes here: https://ifttt.com/recipes/352870-when-you-enter-an-area-have-your-light-turn-on https://ifttt.com/recipes/352782-when-you-leave-an-area-have-your-light-turn-off
just received my emberlight today. works great over wifi but one thing is missing.. bluetooth proximity :( did this not make the first batch?
hi @ufuk - let us know if you're not receiving our monthly updates. it may be that the email address in kickstarter is incorrect. unfortunately, we do have a 2-3 month delay for e27 devices (europe) which we're working on at the moment.
i have still not get any information or notification! since long time hear nothing about emberlight!
hi folks - for domestic lightweight shipments, we're using a combo dhl/usps service. when you get your tracking info it will link to usps directly (they do the final mile). if you don't see anything there, you can input your tracking number at dhl here http://webtrack.dhlglobalmail.com (dhl starts the shipment and hands off to usps).
got the shipment notification! definitely getting excited! great job on getting this made into a reality. can't wait to try it out.
thanks @jason! murphy's law was in full effect for this project, and we compounded it by making drastic architectural changes to provide a better user experience based off of kickstarter backer feedback. not sure if we'll have the time to do a documentary, but we'll certainly write a few blog posts on the journey :) @everyone - this week, we've already shipped out 753 orders (about 2k units), and will have another pallet (1k pieces) leave the factory today with mixed gray and white units. it'll hit the warehouse tomorrow, and start shipping orders early next week.
excited for you that you're to this point!  this market has changed a lot since you first decided to begin your kickstarter. i would love to hear the story of the trials and tribulations in bringing this project to fruition and to hear the plan for the future of this company.  would it be possible that we might see a documentary of this project?  to me, this project would have to be one of the more interesting kickstarter stories. of projects that actually delivered, it would have to be the most interesting.
@madalena - sorry for the confusion and delay on e27. we just recieved new screw shell parts for the new e27 design and are verifying with the certification lab. we're still about 3 months away since after verification, we need to make tooling modifications. we will try to pull in the timeline as best as we can. more details on this with the next update.
i'm confused :-( when can i expect  my eu e27 sockets??
if a refund is possible i don't want this any longer. i now have 10 lifx bulbs that do everything i need. please let me know if refund is possible. thanks.
@creator anyway i can update my shipping address? thanks !
hi folks - we're still on track to ship out the first 2k units from the factory to our warehouse this friday (3/18). we'll drop a note to confirm when it happens.
@damian - for north america, kickstarter units will absolutely go out first. the first 2k units are on track to ship out of the factory next friday. we continued to take pre-orders on our website immediately after the kickstarter campaign was over, and will add more sales channels as we scale up. indiegogo indemand (not a campaign) is the first. those new orders will absolutely go out after north america kickstarter units.
how comes it's now being funded on indiegogo as well? with delivery stated on there for march 2016, when can us original backers expect this now?
@creator - great, thank you for responding so quickly! i appreciate it! can't wait to get my hands on my emberlight units! hopefully i won't be kept waiting too much longer! :) cheers.
@yaz - yes, backers will get an automated email once tracking information is available for their shipment.
@creator, thank you for that. appreciate it and it's good to hear that the first 2k units will be shipping friday. i take it tracking information will be part of every order, so will backers be informed by e-mail when their units ship?
@yaz - appreciate the feedback. we'll try post more frequent informal updates in the comments section like this one. we have moved forward with the buzzing fix and are back on track. the delay is 2 weeks and the first 2k units are targeted to ship out of the factory next friday. we've also brought the android app to parity with ios by implementing the bluetooth "fall forward" feature in android which significantly increases the responsivity. we're testing it internally now, and will release the update to the play store after testing.
emberlight, can we get that update? one with more specific delivery estimates? this project has been pushed further and further and while i appreciate you guys wanting to deliver on a good product, i do think you need to better communicate information with your backers. please and thank you.
hello emberlight, sorry to hear the problems with e27 european version. i`m sorry, but i do need to ask for refund. i do not find any e-mail address, can you please tell me how to proceed? thomas
@emberlight  hello, this is my first kickstarter backup. im sad to say im out of patience waiting for this product. i have now bought phillips hue. please provide refound i wish you the best of luck!
hi @yaz - we're in full production right now. in the last update, we mentioned an annoying buzzing that we found in the latest build. we found a simple solution that we're implementing in production right now. it's slowing down the manufacturing throughput, but we think it's worth it. that buzzing is annoying enough to give you a bad experience. it'll push out the ship date by about 1-1.5 weeks. we'll provide another update in a few days.
very tempted to also ask for a refund... what's the hold up here? can you provide a more accurate estimate for delivery dates? this is getting a bit ridiculous.
refund please, i'm done with promise after promise. please issue me a refund immediately, thank you
dear emberlight. i've ordered the e27, but now i'd like to use the opportunity to ask for a refund, while it's been too long to wait. how do i proceed?
@yaz - we're in production right now.  we started off at a relatively slow rate (100/day) to make sure yields were good.  we're verifying a few last things this week before we increase the throughput by 2-3x early next week.
@derek - ya, this is a problem with all smart light bulb (and socket) products. if the light switch is turned on, then emberlight will turn the light on also. it will go to the last on dim state unless that state was off (will default to 100% in that case since the intent is to turn the light on).  alternatively, you can use ifttt and a flic button to create a physical switch that works with emberlight. i tested it already and created a recipe for it. check it out here (https://ifttt.com/recipes/379858-push-a-button-to-toggle-your-lights-on-off)  admitedly, there is a bit of delay since there are several legs in the communication chain.
are there any updates on shipping? i'm really eager to get my hands on my units! :)
excited to get them! quick question before they arrive, part of my problem with smart bulbs is that they of course have to be switched on and then controlled by phone/hub etc. and i have my wife who is sometimes anti smart home automation so when she hits the switch on and off everything goes out of wack. is there a solution or if i put ember light into a lamp socket that is switched on, if she hits the light switch will it still turn the light on.
@chuck - thank you for the continued support! we are in full production for the north america sockets and can't wait to send them out soon. @amir, max - since it's a 3rd party that we have to work with on ce certification, we can't provide an exact date.  there are some tough requirements on the form factor for the eu that we are working through right now. once we finally pass, the form factor change will require major tooling changes, that will also take additional time. we sincerely apologize and can understand your frustration on the delay of the e27 sockets. if you would like to have a refund at this point, please send us a direct message with your paypal account email.
iplease give an exact date on when we can expect the e27 to be delivered?
this is my very first kickstarter i ever participated in. while i am disappointed with the delay, exactly a year at this point, i do have faith they'll be shipping soon, and here is my reasoning for that. i originally got the 6 pack for 249.00 on kickstarter, i also got another 5 on the emberlight backerkit link. they did charge my credit card on 12/02/15 for the additional 5 so im going to say they have to be close to shipping to charge my card. if all else fails i will just let the credit card company do what they do for there customers. i really dont think i will have to take that route as i can see that they are giving refunds to those who ask. i also understand that when i ordered this there were features that it now has that weren't originally included with it, such as the master unit required to run other units, now none of them need it. although im not happy with the long delay, in the end im confident i will still be getting a product better than anything out there today. i have since funded other projects that gave up and refunded me, so  thanks emberlight team for not giving up on this project. i look forward to using these soon.
since i'm one of the unfortunate backers who is waiting for e27's i'd like to have a better idea of estimated delivery for the ready product. also, it's a shame you already had is fill the survey since actual delivery is not as soon as you said at the time and i 'm no longer  sure i would have ordered additional bulbs as i did under this circumstance.
i'm tired of waiting, so i purchased smart lighting from philips.  since delivery is way late, please provide a refund.
@alfred - we are already manufacturing your product and will be shipping later this month. we are overbuilding 1500 units in our initial production run (8,000) total, so we put them up for sale on indiegogo indemand. we will continue to add more sales channels moving forward as we scale up. of course, none of this would have been possible without the continued support of our awesome ks backers!
hello, since is over one year delay where i can request a refund?
not only have we not received the product promised but now ember light is on indiegogo trying to collect more money. probably in order to have enough funds to fulfill the kickstarter campaign. i have attached  a link below and will be contacting kickstarter and requesting a refund as so should the supporters for a product that obviously has no intention of fulfilling what was promised. check out emberlight: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/emberlight-turn-any-bulb-into-a-smart-light#/
hi, another delay for the european market? can i get a refund?
@ph6222 - thanks. manufacturing is moving along and we'll put up another update soon.   in the meantime, check out this short video of our qa testing post-manufacturing of 72 emberlight sockets at the same time. https://youtu.be/smoax4hqvpu we've also got some good news for our european customers that we'll include in the update.
wow i'm impressed currently, within five minutes of me asking for a refund they sent me the below msg. if it's true that they are shipping "within weeks" i'll give them a chance. was simply impressed how quick they responded offering a refund, not the normal bs you hear from failed campaigns. "hello - we saw your comment and can provide a refund via paypal. please respond back with you paypal email. not sure if you've seen the last updates, but we are in full production and are shipping your product in weeks. just wanted to make sure you knew the latest since you have already waited over a year.  either way, just let us know and we can cancel and process the refund immediately. best regards"
http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/this-indiegogo-smash-raised-4-million-and-just-gave-up-on-its-plans/… do the right thing, give us refunds!!!
i would like a refund. this is ridiculous
the e27 delay is an additional punch in the guts and in-acceptable i am sorry. how can i get a refund?
so how do i get a refund since this is clearly never going to ship out?
hey guys - we'll be posting our normal monthly update later this week. in short, we've passed all ul testing and are full steam ahead on manufacturing. more details to come...
i'm really frustrated with the lack of timely updates. i backed this project in 2014 with an estimated delivery of feb 2015. it's jan 2016 now. when are we going to get our units?!
i know the worst part is the deluge of products out there now i've already connected some cree bulbs. what differentiates ember light from everyone?
this campaign is a joke i am sorry.... more than e year delay and i don't see the product beeing at my doorstep before may... shame was a good concept one year ago, now it's just one of many products in this segment!!
hi still like this product, but in time since i backed i moved on by making my home a smarthome with own modules and bought things like philipps hue, which does quite the same (except modules is in the buld there). so i just add emberlight to my existing smarthome envirnment as 2 more contraollable lamps. question: is the api (which is really really important for me to use emberlight) also available when shipped?
any update?
@ph6222 - i can understand your frustration. as mentioned in our latest update, we are finishing up 3rd party certifications (ul, fcc, ce).  unfortunately, since these tests are done by a 3rd party lab, all we can do is ask them to speed things up.  we are doing that on a daily basis and are also escalating to get things moving faster.  once we clear these tests, we'll be able to provide a more specific eta since the timeline will move back to our control.
is this thing ever gonna ship? i appreciate a good working product, but it's been well over a year, that's unacceptable. this is by far the longest running kickstarter i have ever been part of. please give us a more specific eta
@andreas - yes, you can in backerkit using the same email invite link.
so i can still change my address for shipment ?
@andreas - we have shipped out the first beta units to beta backers.  we are waiting for the certification lab to give us the go ahead to move forward with the bulk of the kickstarter backers.
the unit have been sent  to all backers? whom is to contact whether it has been sent to  me too?
good deal greg. keep us posted as you use the product and app. have fun.
@ross - just sent you a dm for this.
just received 3 emberlights today (i'm a beta test backer).  downloaded the android software from the play store and everything seems to be working fine!   more comments after i use them a few days. .....
is there a way to remove the extras i added to backerkit as i only needed 2 to begin with and the ones i added were for a friend who has moved away and we are no longer on good terms and they wont pay for them and i cant afford them, i do still want the originals i pledged for
bought four total. two here, two as add on. i was charged for the add on units yesterday. so i would suspect they will be shipping very soon. excited to get the units and check them out.
@ben - just unlocked your backerkit profile. you can go into backerkit and add more units now.
how can i add more?
@jsvtex - posting one today :)
itching for a status update here :-)
@hardik, @crille lampa yes, you've both completed your backerkit surveys.  thanks! we just started shipping the first beta units to the beta backers. we are finalizing certifications before we can ramp production and ship.  we'll provide more details in the next update (in a few days).
is shipping started for this project yet? is any information required from my side or did i miss any survey? can i also get a dm?
is shipping started for this project yet? is any information required from my side or did i miss any survey?
@madalena - just sent you a dm.
how do i change my emberlight colors and addons on backerkit??please advise
@max - we apologize for the delay. the first version of the android app will be ready at the ship date.
poorly run kickstarter campaign, how can you neglate a feature such as android app and timers?? as if we didn't wait long enough we will have to wait even long to use it at it's full potential... i am happy to wait that long and then receive a fully functional and product that implements all the promised features but not a half backed product with major delays!! thnks to all the hardware delay you are having i would assume you would have plenty of time to work on the app and the android version...
if anyone is interested i will have two of these for sale via ebay once they ship.  things have moved on so far that i am no longer experimenting with what lighting system i could use i am now actually using a lighting system.
@jim please see the last few updates. the first versions of both android and ios apps will be available at shipment. if you have any questions about android that we haven't covered, definitely let us know, and we'll be happy to provide more info.
i noticed that your update mentioned that the iphone and ipad applications were completed. there are a who were told that you would be doing parallel development on both platforms and then later told you would do the apple products first. please do not consider the product finished until you supply an application for both platforms. in the future i suggest that you be honest and say that you're developing it for a single platform rather than using people's money in what in my opinion is a dishonest way.
all the more reason i will be refraining from future project / products that do not exist. i do not line up for apple new releases either. solely trading preferred pricing for real product in advertised delivery time. contractors get docked big money on late completion dates. same should apply here.  in addition, i see limited to 25 watt incadescent tolerance.- a massive joke!  each failure from other companies before this knew that limitation. my 65 watt cfl will likely be even hotter than that. the product should have higher industrial heat tolerances. you've cheaped out on the electronics. i will have very limited use for this. i do not use incandescent however, it was advertised to handle 100 watt units.
@megan - we're really sorry that we aren't able to have this feature ready before we ship. there are a lot of use cases for this feature, so it's definitely high on our priority list. we plan to get it implemented as soon as possible and will update the software for you once ready.
you mentioned the "timers" won't be available with the initial app launch. i am assuming i won't be able to program my lights to turn on and off at specific times - is that what you mean by "timers"? that is pretty much the main function i wanted to use this for, so i'm pretty bummed about that.
@mike - shoot us a dm with your updated info including your new email address and we'll update it.
the original e-mail address that i used is no longer active.  when i entered my current e-mail address i received a message that they couldn't find a backer with that e-mail address.
hi @sabri - you can do this in backerkit hi @iain - i will send a dm to you with the details. hi @mike - you can also do this in backerkit
i've moved and changed e-mail addresses since this project ended.  how can i verify the shipping address?
hi emberlight, was told that the uk version was not being produced and that i would receive a refund through paypal. i'm still waiting for the refund. can you shine some light (pun intended) on the situation please?
hi emberlight, is it still possible to add a few emberlights to my order?
thanks guys �... can't wait to have my emberlight �
hey sabri - we'll post a new update at the end of the month.  in short, we're going through certifications.
is it possible to have a quick update please.
so autocorrect kind of butchered my last post. it's supposed to be directed to tim dobson. my apologies for falsely accusing tim burton, director of fine films such as beetlejuice and edward scissorhands, of mismanaging his finances and paying american express 23% of interest when he could easily refi with a loan shark at a much better rate. personally, i want apple to pay me back for all the stupid statements i've made due to their autocorrects. my visa has been charging me interest because of all the mistakes i've made typing on their stupid iphones. joking aside, i wish people would remember this is not something they bought from amazon or walmart. you didn't actually "buy" anything so stop asking for a refund! a lot of projects on kickstarter just simply vanish and never to be heard of again after they secured funding.
tim burton- so if emberlight ships the sockets then american express will stop charging interesting to your account? that's weird.
hello i received an email something to chose the e27 or cancel the order could someone give me a link with more info please it's bin so long i backed this project that i already forgot about it
doug macduff - the backerkit survey is what you fill out to tell them what colors and type of socket you want for your light(s), as well as confirm your shipping address.  if you don't tell them what to send and where to send it, you won't get anything. you can't get anything.  it's a handful of questions that takes about 60 seconds to complete, and confirms exactly what you're ordering.  it's definitely worth checking to make sure it has been filled out.
@simon @mathieu there are projects that seem to take even longer, i'm still waiting for something that was backed november 10, 2012, and they're still stating they're working on it.. i do agree with many though, situations like these have made me stop backing new projects :/
hi folks - just sent out a quick update with the latest status. thanks!
no updates in over a month? originally supposed to ship 8 months ago? understand the wifi thing, but its getting hard not to demand a refund..
don't recall if i filled it out or not, but what's this we have to fill out a survey and if we don't we might not get our product?/ no way , i'm tired of waiting for this damn light. send me my light and you're getting nothing more from me. (please)
are you ever gonna ship?
hi, any news on the delivery yet?
i can tolerate waiting a bit longer to have a flawless product. that agreement was so we could have a spring delivery. i am paying american express 23%  / year for the funds i pledged for this. the funding discounts for early people quickly disappear when projects drag this long.  90 % of kickstarter and indiegogo projects are very late on delivery from advertised. a caution i have discovered and now hold back on projects. when delivered i will have paid $138 in interest on my pledge! no longer worth the early discount. keep that in mind. while i restrain from complaining like others, there is a pattern on many projects where the pitch of a product is no where near technically resolved as portrayed. why do you see images of products not even manufactured? the risk level for backers is much greater.  this ember light will no doubt be almost obsolete when available.  many have failed trying to create the same kind of product. prove to us that the current status is still worth the investment. better yet, i recommend that backers get some additional perks or quantity for the long delay. we know the wifi was added.
@mathieu - not a record - my dash headphones kickstarter project was launched in feb 2014 and should ship in november :)
can we get more frequent updates now? at this point in a project more updates are needed.
my suggestion? don't expect the product before 2016. i have lost my faith. almost two years of wait, i am so disappointed
looking at my phone, looking at my outlets.... *siiiiiigh* 18 months ! that's gotta be a record of some kind
holy crap can this thing ship already? what has it been, 1.5 years?
hi samir, you can use the same backerkit link to change your address (search "backerkit" in your email to find it).  alternatively, you can recover the link by going to "emberlight.backerkit.com".
hi aaron, i just  move to a different location... how can i change my address to have this reward shipped to me?
hi everyone - as we move into production, we need to lock down everyone's options (color, fitting type).  there are about 150 people that haven't filled out the survey.  please fill it out as soon as possible, so we know how many of each type to build. thanks!
i backed this project last year and since then i've purchased a couple of wifi controlled light bulbs by major companies. what makes this one any different or worth waiting for any longer?
everyone, you really need to calm down. these are going to come. the whole scope of the project changes when they added wifi. in some ways, we have reason to be upset over this. but in other ways, we're getting a far better product for what we invested in. on top of that, there have been many updates. having backed a few duds myself, i fully expect to receive this one when its good and ready.
really wish i hadn't backed this. longest undelivered kickstarted. about ready to put this project on the fail list and move on. waste of $$$ but that's the risk with kickstarter
how about an august update.... it's been over a month. thx.
do we have an estimated ship date yet?
hi, i´m  a little confuse, when you will send our products?
i'm disappointed. i funded more money to be involved in beta. that was a waste of money. just deliver them.
man coming up on one year... officially my longest and most delayed kickstarted and i have backed many. really hope this actually ships one day.
hi hardik, please send your new address to tony@emberlight.co i will update our system and then send you an email back to confirm the change. thanks!
i m changing location, before shipping is there going to be survey to update address? if not how can i change my address?
i'll fair here, it's kickstarter we get it, delay's are normal we want you to succeed and create a great project in what ever timeline you need thats not the issue i can wait on a new innovative product and throw my money at you no problem there.  where im starting to loss patience is when a product you backed is delayed and delayed and delayed and then you go and see whats up on the marketing and you see same products at the same price i payed as a backer.  in a way i feel bad for you guys because you are missing a huge chance to grow with this smart home / smart bulb market wich is already getting stronger every day because your product will be out when your competitors are already on version 2 of there product. i hope oct. is the final push because my house needs to get smart it's depressing how dumb my house is :)
looking forward to the update this week.
hi miroslav, we are sending out a monthly update, including the latest information on shipping, to all our backers later this week. thanks!
any update about shipping?
hi derrek, we did see the announcement and are excited about their focus. we are in the process taking a more detailed look into it. thanks!
did you guys hear about amazon fund announced today?!?
hi doug, looking at your profile i'm assuming the smartwatch you are referring to is the flyshark. if so, we don't currently have any specific integration plans, though we will publish an sdk, which would allow them to work with the emberlight socket.
hi derrek, amazon echo integration is something we’re very excited about and it's definitely on our roadmap.  we don’t have a release date for this functionality right now.
i have  a smartwatch from another kickstarter project, will it work with it?
any plans to integrate with amazon echo?
"furthermore, one of our core values as a company is that we don't ship unfinished products" how does that make sense? we are effectively getting an unfinished product, actually worse an that an unusable product. i would also love the idea of a bare bones app its something. i'm going to be getting junk plastic in the mail till you guys release that app which i can say honestly has never happened to me before. go back to the drawing board guys, both or none.
hi sorin. yes to both your questions. we see the enormous potential of opening up to third party developers with an api supported by an sdk. we also see wearables as a key method of controlling the emberlight socket. however our current focus is on delivering the product with support for ios and android as soon as possible.
will there also be an api or an sdk. as a developer i see alot of potential for 3rd party apps as well. iftt integration, home automation integration. maybe an integration with project brillo and the weave protocol from google. with an sdk or a rest api, the potential can greately be improved.
hi guys, will you support android wear as well? now with the wifi ready updated on the 5.1.1 version, it will be cool to have an app directly on the wear. this way, the lights will react on the wear device without the need of the phone.
hi sabri, support for apple watch (and wearables in general), along with homekit, are very interesting to us and on our roadmap, but we can't commit to a date at this time.
will emberlight support the apple watch, and futur apple homekit?
i am extremely dissatisfied with the way this project is going and would love to pull my support. seeing you have had a rather dramatic  back flip on campaign promises how will you deal with the large scale complaints and product returns?  or will you simply offer refunds to those of us who will return the product repeatedly until it works as advertised?
as i commented in the may monthly update, i am more than disappointed with the latest update that android users are going to take a back seat to ios users on yet another tech project.  don't get me wrong, i commend that you all set out to make a great product which is why i threw my hat in the ring with all of you, but come on guys and gals.  in the initial pitch for funding for this endeavor, we all understood that there could be delays and risks should we invest, which is why i've stayed quiet even through all the updates indicating delays, but as some have said, if i could ask for my money back, i would at this point.   also, it may be true that there is currently no single product that does what emberlight will do, but at this point emberlight is still in development versus other products that have hit the market.  even the cheap etekcity outlet remote is better at this point than emberlight as we can buy and use that item today, today, today, versus hoping for that better, feature packed product just over the horizon that, for all we know, could be delayed yet again in the coming months.  smh
hi francesco, back in december last year last year we announced that we decided to add some features and additional compatibility, which pushed the ship date out to this summer. since then we have only been focused on execution. we really appreciate your support and will include the latest shipping date information in all updates.
hi alberto, my name is kevin and i'm responsible for software products at emberlight. i completely understand your frustration and we were really hoping to have android ready by launch. while it's tempting to say we will throw together a bare bones android app in time for launch; the truth is that developing a stripped down version of the app would still require a similar amount of effort, roughly 80%, compare to that of a fully featured one. furthermore, one of our core values as a company is that we don't ship unfinished products. we will absolutely ship a completed android app. it will be specifically designed for android and will go through the same amount of testing and user feedback that our ios app has. i understand that means that some of our users will be delayed but we strongly believe their experience with the product will be significantly improved. btw, i'd be happy to talk to you more about some of our technical/product decisions, as well as our api.  just shoot me an email here: kevinr@emberlight.co
i agree with taylor, i think we deserve monthly updates on shipping dates. those are our money and shipping dates has been pushed back too many times. honestly i am a bit tired because i can understand 1 month delay and not 6 months (that could be 1 year). i hope to receive it before the end of the summer.
hi taylor. we will definitely include the latest shipping date information in all updates. also i checked and we have your info in backerkit.
i hope you are planning to develop an android application with simple features so that when i receive my emberlight i will be able to use it! i don't care about having a meaningless piece of plastic, i don't care either having a complex app with all the bells and whistles, i just need a dimming light. so please deliver everyone a working dimming light, nothing more. then prioritize whoever you prefer for the more advanced features. we (android users) are as important as ios users, and our money are as good as theirs also, i just want to get what i expected. it's fine to prioritize ios but it's not tolerable to get an emberlight not at all compatible with android. i'd love to see written somewhere that both android and ios users will be able to use the dimming light socket that you promised us, nothing more. it would anyhow be nice to develop at least an api to let developers do something to fix the android app problem ;)
i'd like to request that you include in each monthly update- a reminder of shipping dates. it's been pushed back so many times  - i lose track. also - can you check to see if i filled out backer kit? i want to ensure as well. thanks!
hi debi -  just checked on backerkit and it looks like you're all set.  thanks! we'll be sending out a project update very shortly. no changes on the ship timeline since last month (i.e. first shipments starting in aug).
i don't remember receiving a backer kit. is it possible to re-send one to me. also, what is shipment date?  thx. debi
hi @jonathan - yes, we are planning for a really simple-to-setup timer to be part of the app.
any chance that a timer (light on/off settable time) will be part of the software/hardware?
hi @blackmoth - looks like you've put your info into backerkit already, so you're all set!
hi, i haven't received my survey yet. looking forward to receiving and testing.....
hi @james - you can use the same backerkit link to update your address.  direct message us if you need us to resend the link. thanks!
what should i do if my address changes?
hi @heri - i just resent your backerkit invitation.  check you spam folder, just in case.  direct message us if you don't get it.
haven't received my survey yet... where to find it?
back in december last year last year we announced that we decided to add some features and additional compatibility, which pushed the ship date out to this summer. since then we have only been focused on execution. we'll be sending out another kickstarter update soon, but wanted to jump in and clarify our focus. thanks!
you know, the writers below are correct. there are other smart items out there that do the same as yours if not more.  please quit adding software. we paid for what we wanted butnow you are adding more stuff to it and delaying the shipment date. august// that's absurd.
not shipping until august???  i don't want any of your further upgrades.  just give me my money back so i can buy the hue and have it operating and in my home today.
please avoid any more upgrades and integrations which may take valuable time that would be better spent concentrating on delivery....
@emberlight hi, when will the international orders be shipped please?
hi @timsullivan. first - thank you for supporting us! please see our backer update from early dec regarding the new shipment timeframe. here is a quick summary: we've decided to make an upgrade to the wireless hardware in the product (add wifi and bluetooth le to all units) and add an integration that we'll announce in the coming months that will make the user experience state of the art. because of that the ship date has been pushed out until this summer. the current date we expect to start shipment to kickstarter backers is august, and we'll update everyone if this changes. while several smart light solutions are available, they often require complex hubs and are not getting great reviews. we are not aware of any shipping products which will include the feature set that we will provide. finally - we have made a lot of progress on the software and are looking for testers to give us feedback. if this is of interest to you just let us know (hello@emberlight.co) as we would love to chat.
where is this???  when i bought it i was excited about it...now there are tons of competitor products already on shelves that do more than this for the same price. and yet..nothing.  where is the product?  when is it being shipped?
hi @alvaro - the backerkit method won't be there after we ship, but we'll continue to hook up our kickstarter backers.  we'll create a way through our website. stay tuned.
hi @austin - that's an innovative idea, and it would technically work.  however, it's not the intended use of the product and it's not how we will test it or spec it.  additionally, the certifications won't apply for that use case.
@emberlight so technically either the e26 or the e27 should work in most countries as far as voltage and fit are concerned. i'm going to be using the sockets in peru, but was thinking of going with the e26 north american certified units. will we be able to get additional units at the special backers price after receiving and testing the first units?
would it be possible/safe to use a bulb to plug adapter with emberlight. so i can plug in a lamp with 2 (10.5w led) bulbs? the emberlight would be powered by an old lamp, which would be adapted to a plug, my lamp would go next, with the bulbs being controlled as 1.
@niko: would love to get feedback on that type of data! @jimming: thanks for the note!  we are working with several partners on integrations that haven't been announced yet.  we'll update on this page (and facebook/twitter), once we are able to.
oh and i'll report to you guys too on my experiment as well.
excited for the progress and looking forward to getting my emberlight!  will emberlight support apple homekit?
@emberlight thank you! i will probably just experiment for the first month then and keep all my lights in the "on" position and see what kind of hit i take on my electricity bill.
@niko-chan: we haven't yet done extensive power consumption testing on the product yet - we're honestly focused on getting all the functionality up first and to get manufacturing set up.  we did some initial measurements and the power was in the range of 0.5-1w.  if you use the dim and control features of emberlight, you'll most likely have a net reduction of power (depending on your usage and type of lights). this is without any power optimization (standby, sleep, etc.).  after we get the functionality up and can ship the units, we'll continue firmware/power optimization and will push out over-the-air updates.  it is also our intent to continuously reduce the power consumption of emberlight over time.
also, will we be able to turn off the wifi on some of these and essentially create a few "master" emberlight units as what originally planned (also to save on electricity costs).
maybe i missed this, but what is the power consumption of emberlight now that every unit has wifi and bluetooth ? will it be economical for us to leave our switches/ lamps turned on all the time? i will have at least 15 of these in my home, so i'm a little curious.
@sebnafroth - are you bulbs incandescent, cfl or leds?  we won't be able to accept 100w incandescent bulbs.  the temperature gets so high that it degrades the electronics.  high wattage cfls or leds are ok. @alvaro - there's a reason that they're so cheap. :)  we've already tested emberlight in europe, and they work perfectly fine. :) @ramon - go ahead and provide your current address.  you can update it by may when you have a new address.  the ship date is roughly in the july/august timeframe, but we'll be able to provide more granularity as we move forward.
hi, after backing up 10 devices i´ve figured out today: "we are testing up to 50w currently, and we'll continue testing higher wattages." have you been testing 100w as well? this is what we need. thank you
great to hear that, because i've read complaints about people from europe and australia that purchased the ge link bulb but couldn't get to turn them on. i'm not sure if it's a wi-fi frequency issue or a voltage issue tho.
so when exactly are you estimating shipping because i am in the same situation as morgan where i am moving to a different state next month and i would like to include a possible address or should i wait until i get a home and/or po box.
@alvaro - good question!  all of the units are rated to work up to 240v. however, e26 units will be certified for north america, and e27 will be certified for europe.
i know e26 and e27 are interchangeable, but will the e26 socket work in countries where 220-240v is used, and vice versa?
hi @jay jay n. - it's referring to the original dark version seen on the kickstarter page. however, that is a 3d-printed prototype, and the final injection-molded color and finish will likely be different.  once we get those sample in, we'll update everyone.
i'm confused to what the socket color grey looks like? can you share a photo for reference thanks
@morgan - you can update your address in backerkit directly using the same link. we're putting a 'lock down' date in backerkit of may 1st, however we can still change it over a few weeks after that if needed.  just shoot us a note though the "contact me" link or hello@emberlight.co and...you're welcome for the special price.  we love our ks backers :)
@brian - sorry for the confusion.  in backerkit, you can select the options for each unit that you pre-ordered in your pledge level.  so, if your pledge level contained 2 emberlight sockets, then you would select the options you want for each socket (socket 1 and socket 2).  in most cases, you'd have the same options for each socket.
as i am likely moving sometime in early-mid may to another state - but don't know the address - how late will i be able to change my mailing address? would i do that through the backerkit or would i message y'all through the "contact me" on the kickstarter page for emberlight? ps - thanks for the option of the additional emberlights at such a good price!
on the backer kit there is no explanation between what is socket #1 and socket #2 ?? am i missing something?
@austin - thanks for the note! we'll be providing a product update at the end of the month with the latest on the app :) we created a prototype of the flint wall switch, but that project has been put on the backburner for now until we get emberlight shipped and in the market.
hi everyone - surveys are out and it looks like a lot of people already have them in!  we really appreciate your help!
just got my survey! i'm going to fill it out a bit later today! a few questions: how's the android app coming along? also, any status on the flint wall switch (as promised via email with atif noori)? can't wait!
hi @dave - we're having the folks at backerkit double check everything. i just got an email that's we're good to go, so you should be seeing it later today or tomorrow.  let us know if you don't see it by wed.  thanks!
have the backerkit surveys been sent out yet, i haven't spotted on in my email or spam folder, but wanted to check if i have missed something or if i am still waiting ? thanks!
hi @ron, thanks for your question!  while we won't be releasing a pebble watch app for our initial launch we will be providing an open api as well as an sdk for android developers.  please let us know if you have any other questions!
any chance of making the light work with pebble watch?
@ kerri jean: hi kerri - we are currently  writing up this month's update. will be posted soon.
still waiting.  no updates since early january.
@freddy - we've made some product design improvements, so our ship date has been pushed out to this summer.  check out update #13 for more details.
have you started shipping it yet?
@ elie: we're all about interoperability and are actively working on several integrations. we'll announce them once completed.
i was wondering if the emberlight could work with the wink hub? thanks
i believe emberlight is a superior product! happy to be a supporter :-)
@elie not released, only announced. will not be available until q2.  @emberlight they did not say anything about android either.
@elie @jsvtex - thanks for sharing.  we expected that people would catch on to our approach to smart lighting and flatter us by trying to imitate it.  :) there isn't much information on their product or app, but so far it seems that there is ble capability and it's unclear whether it also has wifi.  we'll keep our eyes on it.
incipio released a similar adapter for $25 today ... ouch!!!
also very excited about this project/product, but how does emberlight stack up against the just-announced incipio direct wireless smart light bulb adapter, mspr $25, expected q2 this year?  see here:  http://9to5mac.com/2015/01/06/incipio-automation-ces-2015/
thanks for the note @dare2smile and @johndean!  we appreciate the continued support!
agree i have followed this project closely. a simple elegant solution.
this kickstarter is the one i've been the single most excited about ever. i don't mind the delay - i have faith that the product is going to be amazing. thank you guys for the detailed update! i'd kill to be at ces, but my boss is going and i'm going to do my best to send him your way!
@tim, hans - we sincerely apologize for the delay.  while we were extra diligent in our manufacturer selection process and decided to include more functionality into the product, this resulted in a delay.  however, these choices will result in a product with more functionality/flexibility and made with a higher quality. we used this same manufacturer in the last company i worked for, so i'm confident they can deliver.  in fact, they are #2 in the world and many of the products that you use today where likely built by them. @swami - thanks for the kind words! @lloyd - having a local network is on the roadmap, but our primary focus right now is on shipping the product as soon as possible. our cloud api and mobile sdk are moving along very nicely and we'll provide an update on that soon.
any word on an internal api? quite frankly iot devices calling home for no good reason is not on. firstly for privacy reasons, but secondly i won't be able to turn my lights off/on should the internet go down wtf :)
very disappointed with this vague additional delay that suddenly pops up. makes it a one year project after already one year prototyping on a very competitive market. doesn't look consistent with the project summary given during fund raising period. agree your idea of adding wifi sounds promising and can add value to your final product. one month could have been understandable, eventually two if meanwhile you provided more pictures and feedback of manufacturing or testing process and a beta version to some, but potentially swapping a trimester if far beyond reasonable.
also, good choice of manufacturing partner!
am glad you guys reset the business plan to larger scope. in the long run, this will prove to be the correct move, i believe, despite the delay. else you would be more exposed to competition. now go ahead full steam and execute... best of luck!
a 4 month delay...  really starting to get a bad taste with crowdfunding...  so far, every project i have backed has been delayed by at least 4 months. so very disappointed.
@kelly perez: hi! we're preparing an update to send out this coming week.
hi, it has been about a month since the last update. any updates to share?
@necdet yücel per the latest update from the emberlight creation team in the update section:   from:  creator emberlight about 1 hour ago hi chuck - we will have both android and ios apps available when we ship the product. so it is shipping with an android app per the team.
@niko - in short, yes, that's the idea.  we'll first build out the functionality for smartphones, then move to wearables.
do you have plans to make the emberlight work with other bluetooth 4.0 enabled devices? for example, the pebble steel smartwatch? this would be great as i usually don't carry my phone around with me all the time while at home! thanks!
without an android app emberlight is totally useless for me. huge dissapointment
their plan is not to delay the app - the plan is to release them both when the unit ships. if there are delays, they're not planned - they would be out of the team's control. they're just going to build the ios one first, top to bottom, so that the android build goes smoother. there's 2 versions of ios that covers the near whole amount of apple users (94% as of oct 5th). sure, jellybean covers half the android users, but after that, to hit the same majority mark, you have to factor in 3 other operating systems. kitkat is the newest and it barely has 25% of the android market share (as of sept 2014). think of it this way - millions of mistakes and things are going to be learned in the ios app. it could end up taking longer than expected. but, the end result will be that all those experiences will hopefully turn into a smoother, quicker android app development. disclaimer: i'm def not with the emberlight team (i wish!), but i am quite tired of people complaining about a development choice, when end product promise is still the same. be glad that the team is being so open about their choices and so transparent. if you got backlash like this every time you tried to share something, wouldn't you want to stop sharing?
please don't delay the android app. i'd hate to receive a completely useless unit. why, exactly, when android has the higher market share, do all app developers insist on acting like it's still the underdog?
yes, we'll be going through both safety and wireless certifications before shipping. a portion of the funds have been budgeted for that expense.
i scanned through the kickstarter pages and can't find an answer, sorry. creator will the device have that certification?
this has probably been asked before but i can't find the answer: will it be ul certified? or any of that kind? thanks
thanks for the update the product appears to be shaping up nicely.
we decided to go end-to-end on ios first to iron out the software architecture and get feedback on the user experience as fast as possible.  this will allow us to create an android app even faster than doing them both in parallel.  we do currently plan to release android near the ship date of our first units.  however, it is possible that delays or time constraints may cause the android release to slip until shortly after the shipment of the first units.  as with every other aspect of the project, we'll continuously provide you updates on the progress.
as you're going end-to-end on ios first, do you still plan(/hope) to have an android app available upon delivery?
@nacho - just posted an update ;)
some news? :)
@jeremy buerkle: the order payments have been processed :)
when will funds be processed for our orders? i have to make sure i have enough in my account for this awesome product!
monthly updates are fine enough.... creators must focus on developping a flawless inovative product !all the best
hey creators! glad to know things are on track! i think staying in touch regularly is important! once a month may be too less! why not dedicating 10-20 minutes every week to update us!  cheers! jitesh
psh, everything and anything can be fun to the different people. ;)  glad to know there's an update soon though - i look forward to it!!
hi dare2smile - we were just chatting about our backer update plans.  we decided to do updates on a monthly frequency, so the next will be the end of this month.  but, to fill you in on what we've been doing - we're spending a lot of time talking and negotiating with manufacturers and suppliers.  not super fun, but very important to lock those down soon.  our software guys are cranking away on firmware, mobile app and cloud backend architecture.
hi! how's this going? it's been quite a bit since we've heard from you all (:
it'd be great to see android wear support. even a tasker plugin would be awesome!
@kobi- the dog belongs to a friend of a friend, so not quite sure. will try to find out.
its a genuine question i ask! what type of dog is that in the video??
@jonny - we totally agree and were just talking about that today.  we still need to learn more about it, but excited about the possibilities.
with the debut of the apple watch, developing a dedicated app to control the lighting direct from the watch would be awesome
@john dean: good idea.  we're sorting out the coupon/discount codes for backers to order from our website.  we'll send those out soon.
ember light - or you could open your website for preorders to backers so they could add more units before shipment.  that would save postage if they would like to add more.
hi john-  that wasn't in our plan, but it seems that there is enough interest for us to look into it in more detail.
congrats emberlight!  do you know if you will be doing backer kit?  i may want to get a few extras.  again congratulations.
thanks clement, david and bas! @bas - message us directly at hello@emberlight.co and let us know what you have in mind. it could be possible.
good job on hitting the 300k. also my first ks project. love this one. question (maybe this has been asked before):  is it possible to beta test the ios app as a backer?
congratulations on the very successful funding of emberlight!
congrats! your project deserves it!
eric, chuck, hans and the rest of our backers - thank you so much! it means the world to us that you helped us pass through so many stretch goals and go way further than we could have imagined when we started this project.  we look forward to executing this product for you in the coming months.  - the emberlight team
wow, we made it, proud of this project and it's awesome product! and white versions ahead!
congratulations to the whole emberlight team and the community for making this come true. i cant wait to see whats in store for this product. now someone has to fix the pre-order link on emberlight.co  once again congratulations!
atif and team congrats again on an amazingly successful campaign.  can't wait to see what the future unfolds for you guys.
woohoo!  we're happy to offer white versions now!  you can choose your option in the post campaign survey. with every cancellation at this point, i lose a year on my life.
yay....we reached $300000
looks like you can all get it in white now. with 10 minutes to spare. go emberlight
hey - what kind of dog is that??
thanks aniket!
just updated my pledge from 2 to 4 just hope we can reach $300000 and unlock the white emberlight....great product....great job...
@chuck - thanks for backing us and welcome on board!  we're so close to $300k.  i really hope we can close it in the next hour.
just backed my first project on kickstarter. with an hour to go you guys are about a $1000.00 away from $300,000.00 congratulations on creating an awesome product and getting the community behind you, and long time lurkers like myself to finally back a product. great job and i cant wait to see what else you guys have in store for this product. thank you! sorry for waiting until the finale hour to jump in, but im glad i did!
@mourad- thanks for backing us. right now, i am confident we'll be able to make the 300k goal with the support of our amazing backers like you. please continue spreading the word in these last few hours!
@alvaro- we're happy that you're on board! you'll need an ios device with bluetooth le, which all of the latest ones do. after setup, you can use any ios device that connects to the internet. a web interface is on the roadmap. since we are cloud-based, if you lose your phone, you can log into the app from another phone and your settings will be there. yes, you can create programs beforehand on the app that will turn lights on and off automatically at a certain time.
@benson- thanks for the feedback. it's too late to make changes here, but we'll keep that in mind for next time.
@creator less than 2 more hours to go! i hope you make it to the next $300k stretch goal! even if you don't, i hope that at less than .01% from it you will still consider offering the white color option. it would be pretty sad and petty if you didn't. i am sure i am not the only one out there who is hoping to get their white emberlight. white makes a lot of sense! no such thing as a black bulb, and dark shadow through my lamp shades would look hideous :) congrats on your successful kickstarter project!
i just made my first pledge on kickstarter! i'm really excited about the possibilities of emberlight, especially regarding safety and security. will the emberlight work with any ios device like the ipad and the ipod touch? are there any plans to make an os x version or a website to control my emberlights in case my phone gets stolen or i lose it, and i don't have any other way to control them? is there any way to program emberlight to turn the lights on remotely even if i don't have my phone with me?
suggest to have more early bird option for 3 or 4 emberlights as i have pledged for small room early bird, but i prefer to have 1 or 2 extra more for my home. thanks
@stephanie - yes, you'll be able to control each light individually.  you'll also be able to group any combination of lights together.  you can also have presets where certain lights turn on, others turn off, and maybe a few others dim to different levels.  it's totally up to you!
will i be able to control each light individually? or is there only one on and off switch for all 6 emberlights?
@dare2smile - there will be a warranty, but we're still sorting out the details, the legal aspects for it and logistics.  that being said, it'll be comparable to similar products in this market.
i know what'll tip me from 2 to the 4. what's the service going to be like on these if they break or there's problems? is there like a one year warranty or are they lifetime for kickstarter?
@sorin- yes we will have an api and sdk. we will have it ready when we ship the product. looking forward to see what you come up with!
@john and dare2smile - love the enthusiasm!
hi guys do you lan to release any apis or sdks. i am an android developer and would love to integrate into my personal home automation system. for eg. with the soap router. any thoughts on that?
dare2smile. agree i hope they do backer kit so i can add more later. i am at 2 now, but i think i want more.
dangit i still can't decide if i want to stick with the two or go for the four! i've only got a one bedroom apartment, so i don't need many, but this whole thing is just so cool.
creator- over the air updates is music to my ears.  better software = energy savings.
@rhonda- that's exactly right. we'll have over the air upgrades that will work on the hardware you'll be getting. our focus is to get the hardware and initial functionality shipped, and then we can do software upgrades in the field as we add new features.
@emberlight. - many of your replies discuss future plans for software updates and upgrades.  will the parent unit be able to accept these software upgrades as they are released?
@torsten - thanks for the questions: 1 and 2) we totally understand what you're saying about the local api, but we can't confirm it yet.  as a startup, we have to focus on delivering the promised product first.  but, be assured that it is still on our minds and we'll look into it in more detail later this year.  it's great to know that you already have ideas for it. :) 3) great ideas.  your moving into the territory of our long term product vision, which is very perceptive on your part.  those are some of the things that we want to do with the software.  it won't be there in the first version of the software, but it's part of our plan. 4) if you have another master unit in another home, you can take a slave unit to use with it.  at the moment, you can't use the slave unit on it's own.
@carl - thanks for the feedback!  it's something we're considering for down the road.  installing them isn't straight forward for most people, so it's something we need to think about. @chris - thanks. we're also happy to be able to provide a bayonet version!  android phone proximity detection is still something we're looking into.  because of the limitation of android, it would require us to flip our architecture around which isn't something we're quite ready to do.  we'll keep you updated if we find a work around as things move a long.  android-wear is something that we're planning to work on after the phone apps are completed.
does someone know a stylish lightbulb which dies not get hot and is dimable and can be used without a lampscreen? ;)
@emberlight: here are some questions for you: 1. does the app work with the emberlight even when my internet fails? ;) yeah local api again... 2. can you comfirm you will deliver a local api? i'm a developer and ember light will be really more interesting for some things when i get a local api. 3. is emberlight capable to see other bt devices like my notebook so it turns on when the notebook will be turned on? that would be awesome. ;) 4. is it possible to configure the bt slave and put it in another home for using it there via bt? thanks for answers and i hope i got you some more ideas. ;)
congrats on meeting your initial goal and congrats on a great idea, the high upfront cost always put me off smart lighting. this is a good middle ground. as a brit i'm extra please you've met the bayonet goal as that meant i could pledge! on android bluetooth proximity, is this likely to be ready for launch or soon after? also, have you investigated android wear integration?
@emberlight i do hope for a light switch, some of my fittings have 3 or more bulbs, so a light switch would be more efficient and lower cost to control those fittings. three emberlights for one fitting is overkill ;p also, c'mon guys, we can make it to $300k, i would love to choose white as a colour, as white is a prominent colour in our household, black would look out of place.
@beezhan - thanks! @jeff - it's something that's on our radar, but for the time being we're focused on executing the current version of the product.  the architecture that we're building with wifi and bluetooth is designed to be expandable.
congrats on a great ks project! has there been any internal development (that you can discuss publicly) of a unit that can replace the standard wall switch? this would allow for full room light control and potentially eliminate the 50 watt limitation. thanks for your consideration!
love the idea. so many creative uses from one single creative thought. thanks for doing this. beezhan tulu www.livingwebfilms.com
@jarrah- not that high. here are the numbers that we've measured so far in our prototype - the master unit which uses wifi was ~0.5w; the child units which use bluetooth low energy were ~0.05w.
hi emberlight, how much power do the emberlight devices use themselves? is there a 1 or 2 watt baseline draw for them to remain online?
@hardik- you can use any dimmable bulb with a standard base up to 50w. we were just trying to be creative with the perk level descriptions. :)
@julinho- it's made by west elm and called the wood block bulb lamp (http://bit.ly/1m9twxu)
can i use any bulb in this? is there any voltage restriction? just asking because in pledge level it says night light , good for small room small room plus etc so what is the difference between units in this pledge levels other than amount of units?
in the video what is the wooden piece that has the light bulb attached to it called?
this is brilliant now it has bayonet built in!
stack box yes!! please make that happen!
hi folks - another quick update on interoperability.  we've had an initial discussion with stack box on a potential future partnership (currently on ks).  as we move forward we'll provide more details, along with the other partnerships we're working on.
@torsten - thanks! with their new bulb, the series of on/offs switching should be easily replicated in a preset/program with emberlight. at this time, we're only going through the internet connection.  once we finalize that functionality, we'll look into a local option.
@emberlight: i didn't see this... thanks ;) how about the new version? i works with on/off switching... it this possible to support? would be nice though. :) also here is a question: can i use the full functions via wifi when my internet connection is going down? api or anything? and thanks for the cool product you are creating :)
hi torsten- according to their faq, it says that the initial version is not dimmable.
@emberlight: will the nanolight one be dimmable with emberlight? (not the new bloom)
go emberlight!
+1 for stack box. please have a look at "sense" as well - great combo for an intelligent wake-up light. gosh, i really love home automation... ;)
hi madalena - i'll check them out and shoot them a line to see what we can do.
it will be great if you cooperate and allow integration with the team from the stack box also here in kickstarter,it's a real cool project for smart home controller
hey nate - yes, you will be able to set it up for multiple devices.
hey! just one question, how many people can use the bluetooth proximity feature, can you set it ip for more than one person?
i have backed the lumini, but have not received it yet.
hi dadaly- we've never tried it. how would you like to use them together?
hello? will emberlight work as well with lumini smartbulb?
@arias - we'll have an api available to integrate with other products.  we haven't specifically looked into smartthings yet, but will. @dare2smile - sure thing!
sounds great! thanks so much for being on top of comments and questions - i see a lot of creators only check in once a week so your visibility really makes me happy. keep it up! (:
quick question: any plans on integrating with smartthings?
hi everyone - if you've got 15min and are interested, i did an interview on the smart home show podcast (http://www.technology.fm/thesmarthomeshow/28) with michael wolfe.
@dare2smile - we'll add it to the feature roadmap.  as we move along we'll ask our backers to help us prioritize upcoming features, but will also take into consideration complexity (that's how we came up with the stretch goals).  in general, software features like this are more straightforward vs. hardware ones.
awesome!! do you guys think you'd do it??
hi dare2smile - we're super thrilled to have hit 2000 backers!  thank you and all of our backers for your support.  cool idea! programming a quick dim up and down is certainly feasible.  however, it will probably take us some tuning and optimization to make it look like a romantic candle vs. a strobe light. :)
anybody here ever backed for a lumini smartbulb? i wonder if this emberlight thingy would work with lumini or not???
also, super cool! i think i was backer 2000! haha
hi! i'm really excited about this idea, but i had a quick question. would the ability to automatically quickly dim and brighten the bulb be feasible? i'm thinking "flickering candle" sort of thing. #hopelessromatic ;p sorry if this has been addressed before too - i didn't go looking far in the comments. :/
hi mourad- since everyone's rooms are different sizes, we plan to make this a user adjustable feature in the app. we will have some defaults also.
hi. how close does your phone have to be from emberlight to detect proximity? i.e. : will emberlight turn on before i reach the doorstep of my small 6' x 15' kitchen with ceiling light fixture in the center or will i have to walk a few feet in the dark to turn in on? thank you!
thanks for prompt response.
hi s - yes, we will.  we made the wrong assumption that everyone in those countries would want bayonet, so we will ask everyone in the post-campaign survey which version they want.
can you add a question about edison/bayonet version in the posy campaign questionnaire? my lighting system is bayonet but since i'm using edison philips hue bulbs, i would like to have edison version of emberlight
many people have asked about emberlight working with the nanoleaf bulb currently on kickstarter. we've been in contact with them and plan to work together to make emberlight work with nanoleaf.  they use a series of light switching to dim the bulbs.  we'll look at ways to do that with emberlight.  more details as we progress.  stay tuned.
@edward: yes, that should work @brandensittich: we are looking into ipv6, but haven't made a decision yet.  would love to hear your feedback on the subject.
does emberlight supports ipv6?
as in 1st layer downlighting adapter 2nd layer emberlight 3rd layer light bulb
so if i have an adapter to convert frm downlighting to edison screw n put emberlight on it . will it work ?
@john - thanks for the suggestion and feedback.  we're going to work on that regardless of the outcome, since we think it's important for the user experience. @edward - our engineers are looking into the gu10, e17 and e14 options that people have requested.  because these all have smaller sizes, they will likely require a significant redesign of the electronics.  we are interested in pursuing these as soon as possible, but they may have to wait a few months until we get further along with the edison and bayonet versions.
emberlight look at my suggestion below. loci  to know if it should operate based on time of day. maybe that could be the next stretch goal.
hi all - we're super excited to have hit the 200k mark with you guys!  thanks a lot for your support.  we've been thinking about the next stretch goals and will be announcing them soon!
pass i mean
so if we hit the stretch goals can we get downlighting
bayonet fitting here we come! would love it if the emberlight became intelligent. like at 10 pm if i am walking around my house it would light my way. but at 10 am if i were walking around my house it would keep the lights off, saving electricity.
hi rhonda - thanks for the note.  as long as the light uses a standard edison 26/27 or bayonnet 22 (assuming we hit our 200k goal) and fits in the light fixture or lamp, it will work.  for outdoor lights, it can't be in direct contact with the weather (i.e. not waterproof). no specific concerns with kitchens or bathrooms.  since emberlight is an intermediary between the socket and bulb, it will add some height. our prototype adds roughly an additional 35mm. we're continuing to look at ways to reduce it. many modern lights fixtures and lamps have enough clearance, but some may not. there are 2 options to address if you do have an issue. (1) a smaller size bulb - instead of a19, try a17 or less. (2) a lamp harp extender.  hope that helps.  thanks.
are there any restrictions on the light fixtures that emberlight can be used in?  only open fixtures, or closed fixtures as well?   how much height does emberlight add to the bulb?  (curious if will be too tall for some lampshades). are there any issues with using emberlight in bathrooms or kitchens?  thank you
thank you for the swift reply. i'm afraid i don't have any compatible devices at the moment, so i cancel my pledge. however, i'll keep an eye on your website for future updates :) good luck!
@mike - thanks for the note! sorry for the confusion. if you scroll down the page to "technical details" under "hardware" you'll see a section on phone compatibility.  emberlight currently requires ios or android smartphone with bluetooth 4.0. we've gotten a lot of requests for a windows app.  unfortunately, our team is stretched at the moment with ios and android.  but, we'd like to get to windows next year. if your ipad has bluetooth 4.0 (gen 3), it will work also.
thanks clement!
hi emberlight! great concept, great product :) i am wondering (could not find any information), as i have no iphone or android device, is there a possibility to use emberlight with windows phone (or perhaps via a browser app or an ipad)? thanks.
great! congrats!
thanks john!
congratulations on making 150 (now 160)k$.
hi backers - we're super happy to pass our $150k goal!  this means that our backers will get a discount on additional emberlights for a year.  we think you guys deserve it since you're with us here at the beginning. looks like we're on track to hit our $200k goal also in the coming days. we'll be creating a bayonet version to open up emberlight to uk, india, australia and many more countries. we're thinking about the next stretch goals.  stay tuned!
@daniel- ah, got it. thanks for the feedback.
i believe both @kevin & emberlight misunderstood me. a user adjustable default setting for when the light switch is used.
@jason - still working on it.  android is unfortunately behind ios when it comes to bluetooth le, so we're looking into workarounds until they catch up.
@daniel - regarding the dim: yes, if you have your phone with you, dimming will be straightforward in the app.
@torsten - thanks for the clarification and feedback.  we've had a couple requests for this.  it something we can look into for our api roadmap, but can't confirm it right now.  would be great to talk to you more about it as we move along in the coming months.
@kevin - thanks for the feedback on the default settings. we'll probably start with 100% and work on having an option to modify per user input.
or proximity detection>?
did the team figure out if the beacon technology will work with android?
@daniel if you have your phone on you, that is definitely possible here no matter what. what i was discussing before is how the light should react to a physical switch.
i would like a setting initially set to 100% but user adjustable if desired. you may want a child's room to be at 20%-25% so not to wake them up but still be able to check.
@emberlight yeah i was asking for wifi local api. ;) is it possible?
maybe that can be a setting in your app? let the user pick their preference for each device whether they want it to remember or default to 100%. i think i would want the light in my bedroom to remember, but the living room light to automatically go full brightness
@kevin - thanks for the feedback.  we were thinking of 100% on default also.  some people have asked for an option to default to last position, but we need to look into it more.
@emberlight i don't know what your plans are right now, but i would like it to set the dimmer to 100% if you turn it off and back on using the lightswitch. if i set it to 20% then my phone dies and need to see more later, i would want to be able to have it fully on.
@kevin - may be obvious, but just to be clear, the switch needs to be in the on position to power emberlight if you want to control at a later time through emberlight.
@kevin - yes, thanks for mentioning.  you can still use as a normal light switch also.
@emberlight, you mentioned this can be used with a normal light switch, so if you were to lose connectivity like @edward is worried about, you could just use it as a normal light, correct?
@aniket they've already mentioned that they were working on ifttt integration. if they wind up doing so, you could set a trigger for incoming text or call and have the action be something to do with the emberlight.
@aniket - thanks for the feedback. @edward - unfortunately that won't be possible.  eventually, the idea is to provide (1) analysis of energy usage and (2) 'learning' and contextual awareness.
is it possible to have emberlight going thru our own cloud eg dropbox or personal cloud server on the off chance tat emberlight cloud server are down. wat will emberlight use our data for and how long will it be stored ?
@emberlight if we could get notified about a incoming call or text....
@torsten - just want to confirm your question.  are you asking about api for local wifi network?
@rhonda - a 3-way socket has an extra contact in it that emberlight won't touch.  we haven't tested one yet.  from a practical point of view, it may only mean that there are 2 "off" states and 2 "on" states. from a product safety point of view, we won't know the risks until we do further testing and go through ul certification.
@emberlight is the local api also availble via wifi? that would be nice.
@aniket- we are still working on the app, so would love our backers input on what you want to see. what kind of activity notifications would you be interested in having?
@edward- you can still use local bluetooth le
@rhonda - sorry for the confusion. yes, we meant 1 year after the close of the kickstarter campaign in sept.  let me look into the 3-way question and get back to you.
@emberlight can we set up to get notifications about the activity on our phone.
@emberlight so does tat mean if the internet is down i can't use emberlight ?
one more question, how does emberlight interact with a three way lamp?  any issues?
for the second stretch goal, it states "for 1 year after the campaign is over."  does this mean 1 year from sept 5, the day the campaign funds, or 1 year from when you ship rewards, which is scheduled for february, but could through no fault of your own, fall later.
hey everyone - many of you have asked about partnerships with other home automation products.  one of the popular requests was sentri (http://sentri.me), so we reached out to them.  we both really like each other's products, so we are exploring partnership opportunities including interoperability.  stay tuned!
@eric - thanks! @edward - we use the cloud to enable control from anywhere in the world, create an account and for more advanced features.  we prefer the cloud, so if you change phones or have multiple devices, you can just log into the app and your user preferences will populate. we don't keep our own servers - we use a 3rd party.  this is very common for most modern tech companies.  the company will continue to support this product for the foreseeable future (it's our only product so far).
why does ember light need to be on a cloud server ? can't it be stored locally ? are the server maintained locally or 3rd party vendor like amazon ? how long do you intend to support the product ?
atif and team way to go guys.  amazing you continue to blow thru the stretch goals.  rooting for you and trying to spread the word to the folks in belgium.
hi benson - yes, we'll be working on it.
can emberlight work with ifttt?
@jake - thanks. made us smile near the end of a long day :) we currently don't have access to the internal rgb electronics.  it may be possible in the future if the rgb bulb has ble. @edward - we've reached out to sense about their api. when we get confirmation, we'll definitely update you.
since stretch goal bring reach can it be compatible with sense
are you guys gonna make an rgb led light compatible? :p tho not a necessity just a thought :)
love emberlights <3
hi stephen - thanks for the note.  yes, since it is an intermediary between the socket and bulb, it will add some height.  our prototype adds roughly an additional 35mm. we're continuing to look at ways to reduce it.  many modern lights fixtures have enough clearance, but some may not.  there are 2 options to address if you do have an issue.  (1) a smaller size bulb - instead of a19, try a17 or less.  (2) a lamp harp extender.
looks slick. i just wanted to make sure a dimmable cfl or led bulb will have clearance in most table lamps given the emberlight must add some height to the bulb. i actually had an issue with this a long time back when using an x11 lamp module, the bulb collided with the loop that holds the lampshade in place! how much extra clearance would i need to accomodate the emberlight?
doh!  thanks elie for spotting the missing 'l' :) unfortunately, we can't modify the perks section anymore. :(
backed! and found a typo in the $89 pledge, can you spot it? :)
hi tom - thanks for backing and good question.  we decided to pack in bluetooth le, wifi, cloud and mobile into emberlight specifically for future expansion. no other smart light has all of this capability. our vision is for you to eventually have the capability to automate and control your lights with ble wearables. we also decided to use a master/child architecture to save you money when you buy many lights ($39/ea when you buy 10).  regarding size, take a look at the size of the hub-less colored led that 'did really well' on ks in 2012.  they're also much larger than a regular bulb. with emberlight, you have the option to swap out a smaller bulb if the size is a problem. emberglow is an interesting idea.  we can't control color right now since those electronics aren't accessible externally. however, if the color-changing bulb already had a ble chip, we may be able to send it commands. it's something we can talk to led manufacturers about going forward.  great input.
is there any plan to include features for future expansion? to elaborate: my biggest concern with backing emberlight is that i get all of the dimming, remote control, presets, groups, etc. of other major market smart lights but none of the color features while only chopping $10 off the price and increasing the overall size of the socket (which is often a problem in fixtures covered by glass globes, etc.). does emberlight have plans to provide a seamless, open-standard way to communicate with smart bulbs to control color (and other features of the light itself)? my dream situation would be an open-standard bulb (say: emberglow - that one's free) that provides a ble api to control color that can plug into emberlight so that i can control dimming, remote, etc. is this a possibility?
hi philippe - we will have an api available for developers.  we had originally planned to release this after our ship date.  however, per our new $100k stretch goal, we will pull that in to release at the same time as the product ships.
@ creator: is it possible to pilot  emberlight with an other home automation device or is api/sdk closed? i would like to interface it with sentri.
hey ramon - thanks for the tip on the switch - i've seen one that's mechanically actuated and sits on the existing switch - looks like an interesting idea.  a power outlet plug is indeed one of the next things on our roadmap.
hey emberlight, i have seen a product before that you can attach over a switch wall plate and it has a mechanism inside to turn the light switch on and off and requires no electrical work to mount.  maybe you guys can think of something like that.  also, you guys can maybe think of a power outlet plug to do the same thing as the emberlight.
hi joel - thanks for the feedback and for joining us! we're also thinking about a switch version of emberlight for a future product.  we wanted this first product to be "plug 'n play" to be applicable for a wider audience, but agree that a wall switch makes sense for many situations with multiple bulbs on a single circuit - however the high voltage installation is a barrier for many people.  we're looking into new ways to get around the installation process.
hey guys great idea being able to control lamps with a smart phone so i'm on board, just an idea wouldn't an inline version of amberlight be a good idea. so a large range of ceiling lights can be controlled, either wired in of a amberlight wall light switch?
@creator awesome, thank you!
hi max - for the moment, we plan to provide general suggestions to save energy.  however, we are looking into a dynamic solution which would include consumption monitoring.  and, just like you, we are also thinking of using the data to alert the user that the bulb is dead (or if we think it may die soon).  stay tuned.
can emberlight actually monitor energy consumption or are the suggestions based on static values? if it can actually do this, could it tell if a bulb is broken and suggest to replace it?
hey wickedsweetham - the edison style table light is pretty cool right? it's made by west elm and called the wood block bulb lamp (http://bit.ly/1m9twxu)
really like the edison style table light you have in your video.  you know who happens to make that model?
hey edward - sorry about that.  we got a lot of responses with many different requests, and we picked the most popular ones.  i hope we pass $200k so we can add more goals!
just read the stretch goals . no down lighting :(
@damien - we're always looking for good talent :)
o yeah if it's successful let me join the team as just an idea guy :')
hey damien - interesting idea. haven't thought about that one. we'll look into it. thanks for the suggestion!
maybe not for this kickstarter but would be nice to have a module that can connect to the positive and negative connections to any led strip and operate through your app such as on off dim and let proximity
hey shawn- sorry for the confusion with the perk description. we tried to be creative with it and i can see how it may be confusing. you can definitely put the emberlights in different rooms of your home and control them independently.
hi guys, i read through most of the comments/questions, and i didn't quite see this one answered. if i order more than one emberlight, can i control them separately through the app? meaning, if i have multiple emberlights, can i put them in different rooms of the house (or outside) and control each one independently based on settings in the app, or are those controlled as a group? the wording of the perks made this a little unclear, so i was hesitant to buy more than one.
hi clement - an emberlight account will need to be set up on our cloud servers to store information such as which devices you own or custom themes. that way if you lose your phone and get a new one, or want to use a second device (maybe a spare ipad) the information is available once you sign in. in order to be able to control your lights even when you are not home, the lights will have a connection to emberlight's cloud servers. the mobile application is able to talk to the lights both via emberlight's cloud servers on the internet or locally over bluetooth. the mobile application will choose based on whether either connection is available.
something isn't clear in my mind. sorry if i missed the information: the app communicates with emberlight units directly (local one to one) or through you own servers (cloud via internet)? do i need a working internet connection at home when i want to dim my lights?
a previous comment has the standby power at less than 0.5w for master unit for wifi and less than 0.05w for other units for bluetooth.
i believe the ember light act as a switch itself, so even if the light switch is on all the time, the light bulb is not always on. the emberlight does take up a small power for the wifi and bluetooth sensor, much lower than leaving the lights on. regarding the alarm, i would prefer if multiple users can set the alarm, especially if the settings are stored on the cloud. preferably also that the alarm comes with information on who set the alarm. can you please make it that the alarm app has optional repeat and settings based on day of the week, i.e. similar to basic smartphone alarms? thanks.
since lights switch needs to be on all the time what would the power consumption be like and how would that help in energy savings ?
@edward: yes, the light switch needs to be on for emberlight to work. presence detection works through bluetooth le proximity. our focus is on phones first for that feature.  we'll move onto other ble wearables after that. @eddie t: no plans for ar16 at the moment, but i'll note that as a roadmap request.
any plans to do recessed can lighting - ar16 bulbs?
assuming i dun carry my phone but have a wearable device like razer nabu
wat i meant was that does the light switch need to be in all the time ? and does ur presence detection only work with bluetooth ? so does that mean tat i need a specific bluetooth device bside my phone ?
@damien - thanks for the feedback on ifttt.  we plan to apply to be a partner.  stay tuned on timing. @chistopher - thanks for the feedback on ifttt and different mounts. immediately, you can use a passive converter for many of them.  after edison 26/27, we'll be working on other ones - stay tuned. @stacheldraht - great. we're tabulating the feedback and will announce stretch goals soon. @edward - i may not be understanding your question correctly.  emberlight is controlled by your smartphone through our app.  if you don't have your phone on you, then you would need to use the light switch as normal. if you leave the light switch off, then emberlight won't have power to work.
so if i dun carry my phone around with me at home ember light won't work ?
i strongly recommend early api access to communicate with other home systems like sentri! furthermore support for e14 (europe) is a must !!!! this is what most want here(see comments)
ifttt would be really important! second question would be different mount ? i understand that a gu10 mount might not be possible but how about an e17 or so ?
emberlight . i think if this can connect ifttt  it would allow for the ability to tell the system if at this time don't turn lights on when entering a specific room. like my bathroom has no window so it'll always need light when i enter, so the system provides light . but my living room has a ton of windows and during the day the lights don't need to turn on
@pheng - thanks for the feedback and support! the alarm will be configurable in the app but stored in the cloud. interesting question on multiple users - do you prefer an alarm to be tied to one person or allow multiple users? @edward - thanks for the question. we will pull in your timezone into the app. we don't have light sensors, so can't  measure light levels real time. @torsten - hi! what is the approximate distance between both rooms?  our c&f is 55ft range indoors without optimization.  we expect to be at a minimum of 100ft indoors before shipping. we will test under many different indoor conditions before shipping.  if there is an issue, we'll work with you to resolve. @ max b - hi there: we are engineering it such that you won't need more than one per house.  if there's an issue, we'll work with you to resolve it.
if we get more than one emberlight will it always be one master unit? i probably need one master per floor. is there any way to specify the number of master units or getting additional master units?
just a question: as planned i get 2 amberlights but i think the problem here is that the second one is too mucb away ib another room so the ble will not work. is it possible to get to wifi lamps? would be cool. since i want one in the bedroom and one in the living room.
i assume tat ember light will be able to tell between night n day can u please elaborate in how tat will be done ? also i assume that ember light will be able to tell the diff when it is daylight n lights need to come on n when it is daylight n u dun need the lights on
very cool idea. my first kickstarter pledge as well. i am mainly buying the emberlight as a bed side lamp that will dim up in the morning.  can you describe more about how the alarm will work? is the alarm settings stored in the emberlight? or synced to the phone's standard alarm (multiple alarm times, automatic schedules based on day of week, etc)? or will it be through an app? also, a further question about multiple users, can different users trigger the alarm?
love your enthusiasm secretasianman!
funded!!! woohoo!!! can't wait!
@ andrew and simon - cool, thanks for the inputs on bayonet.  @andrew - regarding nanoleaf: please check with them to make sure the bulb will work with a standard dimmer. @damien - thanks for the suggestion.  we've haven't specifically tested the jawbone up24.  if it's similar to other wearables, then it should work, but we won't know for sure until we test one.
looks like ill have to keep my fingers crossed that you guys are able to make the jawbome up24 compatible seeing how i have a samsung galaxy s5 and the bluetooth proximity doesn't work
seeing how this system works with bluetooth 4.0 le is there any chance this would work with the jawbone up24 seeing how its also bluetooth le , and seeing how its a wrist band its somthing anyone can also with ble proximity detection
another question here on the bayonet fitting - i currently have eight hue bulbs but seven use an adaptor as it is mostly bayonet fittings here in older houses in oz.
also a uk customer, however i am getting the edison nanoleaf bloom bulb to fit in your emberlight so that is fine however yours will be connecting to our uk bayonet socket. so i hope it will be a stretch goal.
@pierre - thanks!  wifi is the main source of power consumption, that's why we limit it to only the primary "master" unit which has both wifi and bluetooth le. the power for our master is ~0.5w, but we haven't optimized that yet. the rest of the units are much lower: right now around 0.05w, but also without any power optimization. @edward - hi! the reason that we don't spec the dimensions on the page is that based on our experience, there could be some changes as we continue design optimization, go through dfm, and create the final pcbs and enclosure. but for your reference, the prototype is 50mm wide.
hi emberlight team, can i get the dimension of emberlight ? as my built in light feature have 2 light side by side i need to know the dimension so that i can measure and see if i can fit both together. on a side note i assume that if there is glass or plastic covering emberlight i still shld be able to detect it using bluetooth beacon tech right ?
hi emberlight team, great project ! do you know the power consumption of each emberlight ? thanks.
@edward - stay tuned on the stretch goals.  we have some in mind, but we decided that it would be better to ask our backers what they want.  you'll be hearing from us soon with some quick/simple questions.  thanks for the initial feedback. @meshmotion - thank you!  by the way, we love your connected bike lock and bike share management system. @ian - it's rated for the voltage so should work. although i don't expect any issues, we'll work with you if one comes up.
very interested in this, as i live in the uk i am assuming that this would work with a bayonet to edison screw convertor, am i correct?
congrats on reaching your goal!
now that the goal has been reached are there any stretch goals ? like bayonet and downlighting ?
hi ramon - thanks for the tip on pebblebee.  checking it out right now.  it's amazing how many cool ble devices (wearables, trackers) there are out there that have so much potential for home automation.  yet, most home automation companies aren't fully taking advantage of the trend. they're sticking to their guns on other protocols or creating new ones.  i'd be curious to hear the community's thoughts on this? we think ifttt would be great for emberlight also.  we'll have an api to connect but it's not ready yet. stay tuned for updates.
to expand on edward's question, you guys should check out pebblebee which was another ks project and that system could be used as a beacon.  also i would also like to ask if you guys are applying for ifttt as well so we can start creating recipes for control as well?
hi edward - you've hit the nail right on the head!  that's truly the real power of emberlight and why we are so excited about it's potential.  we invision wearables to take off soon, and that's were the bluetooth beacon technology becomes very powerful. you could imagine how emberlight could potentially go beyond lights in the future.  you will have a beacon in every room now connected to a power source.
hi max - we are actively looking into homekit.
have you considered detecting using wearable as at home not all pple carry their phone with them
would you consider adding support for homekit when ios 8 is released later this year?
hi prashanth - good question.  yes, you'll be able to group lights together and have presets/moods or control many at once. we also think it's a nice feature. :)
can more than one unit be controlled at the same time (like grouping) from the smart phone like for example, brightness etc? it will be a really nice feature, if we have a group of 8 in a space, where we need to control all of them at once...
this is such an innovative idea. love it! best of luck emberlight team!
hi torsten - it works with "edison 26/27mm" bulbs which are fairly common around the world, but that being said there are other types used also.  so, it's good to check (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edison_screw). if you have any questions, you can send me a link to what you have at hello@emberlight.co and i'll be happy to check for you.
just a quick question: does thus work with german lightbulbs also? i'm not really a good electrician. so i need to ask. ;)
10k to go! woohoo!
hi atif, the range between the two will be 25 m, several walls and 2 floors. wolfgang
hi rhonda - sure thing. just one master per house.  the master and child units can all be controlled independently. for the user, the only thing that matters about the master is that you install it.  everything else between master and child is transparent to the user.  but for your info, the master effectively acts like the 'hub', connected by wifi to our cloud backend, and communicates commands to the child units by bluetooth le. one of the reasons that we use the master/child setup is to help you save money.  as you can tell by the tier levels, the per unit pricing drops as you buy larger packs, both for the ks pricing and suggest retail.  and the other monetary benefit is that you don't have to buy a hub. hope that helps!  let me know if you have any other questions.
you mention the "master" unit in a comment below.   can you explain more about the master and child unit setup?   do you need one master per room or per the house?  if there is a master light and 1 or more children,  do they always work together, all on or off, all at the same dim level or can you control them separately?    are the master and children ember lights the same price now and in the future?
thanks clement!  happy to have you onboard :)
hi, first project i back: happy to support a smart idea!
hi tianni - thanks for the note! good question. wifi is the main source of power consumption, that's why we limit it to only the primary "master" unit which has both wifi and bluetooth le.  the power for our master is ~0.5w, but we haven't optimized that yet.  the rest of the units are much lower: right now around 0.05w, but also without any power optimization.
hi ember light team, love the project and i hope you reach your goal soon! quick question: what's the power consumption of the ember light (standby and while the light is turned on)?
hi edward - right now we're laser focused on reaching our funding goal.  i'll be happy to revisit this topic as soon as we hit that. :)
hi ember light team, will there be any stretch goals ?
hi matthew -  thanks for the interest!  if we are successful here, we do plan to follow up with a bayonet version. stay tuned!  regarding multiple users: yes, as long as they are logged in.
why is the 3 bulb pack more expensive per bulb than the 2 bulb pack?
hi there. i'm very interested in this system. i think it could be greatly useful for me and i cant wait to have the opportunity to try it out. unfortunately, all my lights are bayonets so until you release the bayonet version, i'll be holding back on my order. i do have a question tho, does this system support multiple users/phones connected, especially in regards to the proximity detection? thanks.
hi john - great, thanks for the note!  really interesting question regarding nanoleaf.  i'm going to ping them to talk a bit more about it.  our product works with any dimmable bulb.  i found this on their kickstarter page in the nanoleaf faq section: "[specifications] is the nanoleaf bloom compatible with a standard dimmer switch setup? at the moment, we have a version that works with a dimmer switch, and we have a version that works with a regular on/off switch. we are working on trying to get the bulb to detect whether it is in a dimmer switch or a regular switch but there are still a couple technological hurdles that we will need to overcome. in the meantime, we are encouraging people to plan on putting the nanoleaf bloom bulbs into a regular on/off switch. " so, if they go with the 'dimmable switch' version, then we're already good. thanks,  atif
hey! this is awesome, looks like it'll be really useful. just a quick question: would this work with the nanoleaf?
hi edward - we honestly haven't tried that. my initial thought is that if emberlight is screwing into a female edison base, whether a converter or original socket, should be the same.  but, since we don't know the exact converter you're using, i can't confirm for certain. hi madhavi - thanks for the support!
hi ember light team, quick question, does ember light work on top of a converter ? i.e if i screw ember light into a bayonet to edison screw converter will it work ?
i love the whole concept! anything energy-saving is fantastic to me. sharing this around. congrats cuz!
hi madalena - we do have a few ideas that we hope we can get to. onward and upward! :)
is better start  thinking about stretch goals,this will be a massive sucess and will hit is goal shortly ....i was looking for this kind of product for ages!
thanks marcelo!
amazing work!
thanks adam!
great work team emberlight!
thanks max! :)
amazing project looking forward to see what will happen during this kickstarter campaign and i wish you all millions of backers :d
hi edward - thanks for the early support. the $79 tier is a very limited early bird special.
hi , if i need 4 ember light, wouldn't choosing the 2 79 dollar pledge be cheaper than the 169 dollar pledge ?
hi wolfgang -  thanks for being an early backer! yes, the product is designed to work with all main voltage and frequencies used around the globe. for your second question, what is the range that you need between bulbs? thanks again. :) -atif
hi emberlight team, great idea! what is the operating voltage of the emberlight? will it work on 230 vac in germany? is it possible to get two master emberlight as mine two will be two fare away from another to use ble? best regards, wolfgang
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
