haven't received my unit....
am i the only one who hasn't received their reward yet?
when will you be releasing the sdk and open up the developer's forum to the general public?  i have a good friend that just took the plunge on a precision pro.  i 've been talking it up since i got my unit just after thanksgiving.   my buddy has some ideas, and i passed some over, and now he can't get the sdk.  that was the one of the biggest selling points, of the precision pro.  now you are not allowing programmers use the your sdk?  that seems kind of crazy, and quite frankly, not what i expected, as a backer.
i just updated your app for iphone and now there's even less functionality than before. where there used to be recipes, there's a huge blank area and the option to see about three recipes from ming tsai. where's the stuff from serious eats? where is anything?
hey johnny - so sorry to hear this, could you please send a note to our support team at support@anovaculinary.com? we'll be sure to take care of this for you.
radio silence on all fronts, wtf do i need to do to get a response for support here?
or ota firmware update to correct the issue?
i'm having issues with mine. it either boils my water or does not maintain the temp that i set it at. how to get a replacement or some kind of ota firmware fix?
hey josh - could you send our support team a note? we're so sorry this happened. did you have a chance to fill out the survey? the survey enabled us to confirm shipping information and the correct unit to ship. we sent several reminders and eventually refunded all backers who did not provide their information for the survey. we would love to get you precision cooking though so please contact us at support@anovaculinary.com and we'll get you taken care of. we apologize again, thank you for your support!
they didn't do anything , just canceled my order without any message....... i won't buy any product from this company, never !!!!!!!!
we just released a beta version of the android app and we'd like all of you to try it out and share your feedback with us as we continue to work toward the official app release. we are truly sorry for the delays and we understand the frustration it's caused. we really appreciate your patience and we're extremely grateful for your continued support!! we'd love for all of you to join us in the community forum to chat about the beta app experience and how we can improve the experience for you. please remember that it is currently a beta version - your feedback will greatly help us with the official app. to join in on the conversation in our community forums, please visit: http://ow.ly/mflle thanks again, everyone!
so still no android app ?? this project is still not delivered !! yes, ridiculous!!
@mark you can always buy an iphone.  lol. just joking... i think it's quite ridiculous that they haven't yet released the android app...  i think that at this pace the windows phone app will be ready in 2020 :d
@mark, settle down it's only been 6 months since original delivery date, give them some time ;-)
what... the heck. is going on with the (lack) of an android app. seriously folks.
@paul ahh, we're so sorry you've been experiencing these issues. could you send a note to our support team so we can get this taken care of for you? they can be reached at support@anovaculinary.com - thank you!!
@joe kelley it's in the works! we'll get you a better update as soon as possible but please check our forums for updates as well :)
@chris birkett i have the same problem, leaving a note here in case anyone else comes looking, it seems that the plastic where the skirt attaches has warped at some point, causing the skirt to loosen (it now no long stays on at all) and subsequently causing the impeller to rub (i don't believe the impeller is off-center but here's no way to check as it's really relative to the skirt).  the anova still works but i have to take extra care to keep the exposed elements from any bags which is a pain.  i'll contact support.
still waiting for the android app... any news???
top off with boiling water that is. somehow i missed that detail... :d
my unit has a hard time maintaining the set temperature. i have a 5 litre pot and 800 watt should have no problem heating that amount of water. but it is enough to put my hand on the outside of the pot briefly to make the temperature drop. i put a wattmeter in between, and even two degrees under set temperatute the heater element is pulsed on and off so the mean power is way way below 800 watt. and if i top off the half full pot in the beginning to quickly raise the temperature to set temperature when starting from scratch, if i overshoot like two to three degrees, it drops down to at least one degree too low before it starts heating by itself. don't you use a pid regulation loop in your code?
@fabrice rossi we're so sorry to hear that your precision cooker is having issues - seems it's gone rogue! we'd be happy to issue you a replacement unit. could you send us an email at support@anovaculinary.com? thank you!
i had a serious problem today with my circulator: it was programmed for 57.5°c. it reached quickly this temperature (i use a rather small 7 liter pot). so i left it unattended but when i checked again roughly 30 minutes later, the water was almost boiling while the screen claimed 57.5°c. the circulator was responsive: i could stop it and also change the target temperature with the knob. i checked with a thermal probe: the actual water temperature was 95°c. i unplugged the circulator, change the water and start it again. it is now displaying a temperature that is compatible with the one of my thermal probe. i'm currently testing the same target temperature and everything seems back to normal. and thus it seems to be either a temporary failure of the probe(s) or a software bug. did any of you experiment a similar problem?
@fabian h. thanks for your feedback! we've heard requests for this and will continue to listen and  share our backers' thoughts and suggestions with the team to better the user experience. if you'd like to share more feedback on the app, please check out our thread on the community forum: http://community.anovaculinary.com/discussion/508/tell-us-what-you-think-about-our-ios-app
is it possible to add an unit conversion to your app?
@luis - totally understand the frustration with the timer, we've gotten a lot of concern over this. it is a bit difficult to navigate on the display and we've made a note of it. if we do make some sort of change that can be implemented remotely, we'll keep everyone in the loop. the precision cooker doesn't have an off button like the anova one does so it does need to be unplugged. we've also made a note of this :) please let us know if you do have more feedback, we're interested in hearing your thoughts. we read through every message we receive - feedback@anovaculinary.com
just received mine (finally!) it works, but there's a couple of things that confuse me. the timer: you need to press the play button for 8 seconds, but this also changes the temperature units (after 3s), so at the moment i have to press play for 8s, press the timer button for 3s, then set the timer, and press the play button for 3s to change the units back. am i missing something, or is the system this obtuse? i understand the timer is not essential, but why include it and then make it purposefully so hard to use? also, how do you turn the screen off when not in use? is the only way to unplug it? there is nothing in the manual...
@vadim temkin. perfect, no problem, i will wait :)
@jesper william petersen. as soon as my android app has all the features i am working on, i'll start porting it to ios. however, you won't find a time estimate for ios app any time soon, as i am already few weeks behind of my self-imposed schedule for android :-(
@patrik purre johansson our team has been hard at work on the android app and it's coming along well. we'll have more updates in our community forum and look forward to providing more concrete details as soon as possible. thanks for checking and have a great weekend!
@chris birkett oh no! our support team would be happy to take a look at this to get the issue resolved for you. would you mind sending a note to support@anovaculinary.com? thank you!
any news about the android app?
my anova's stainless skirt no longer securely attaches to the rest of the unit in any of the possible orientations. it's always loose and wobbly now. i've also noticed the impeller is so off-centre it can rub against the plastic cap if the clips are tightened at certain heights. http://i.imgur.com/b2v27pv.jpg
@dan tang the clip may be found in the upper half of the tube: https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204171240-i-just-received-my-precision-cooker-where-s-the-clamp-
my shipment came in late and the package didn't include the clip. how can i get one now? dat
@randy cutting off the heat after the timer is done is not a good idea unless you are there to take the bag out of the water. otherwise, the water will cool down put your bag in the danger zone and your cook will have to thrown out. it's a safety issue in my opinion and i wouldn't want the circulator to stop the heating element.
@roland lim - thank you for sharing your thoughts on this - we'll discuss this with the team. it would be more feasible for the app but we'll look into the firmware suggestion as well. thanks!
@randy yeung - thanks! this is great feedback, we'll bring it to the team to discuss :)
@freedman we're so sorry to hear this - what are your support ticket numbers? we'd like to rectify this promptly. thank you!
i can sort of understand why the temperature setting on anova precison cooker itself only allowed 0.5° increment, because there is only one wheel for setting the temperature. allowing 0.1° setting will probably takes far too long to turn the wheel to set at the desired temperature. but it would still be good if anova can change to firmware for 0.1° adjustment to be possible. it can either be done by pressing on the of buttons allow setting temperature in front and behind the decimal point independently, or another solution maybe to detect acceleration of the scroll wheel, but i don't know if the current hardware can support that function. however, it is rather disappointing that the official iphone app also only allows 0.5° increment setting. the unofficial sous vide °c ios app does allow 0.1° setting. so it is absolutely technically possible. just don't understand why anova does not give us this option on the official app.
received few weeks ago. the cooker is ok but not so user friendly... i expect it should be much easier to use. suggestion 1) ability to set starting cooking time. like start cooking 2 hour and 31 minute later for 6 hrs.... in the app i think it can do better like, steak cook for 6hrs at xxxf and i want to eat at 6pm. so the app will tell me the latest time i need to submerge the beef and it will start the cooker at 12noon automatically even the phone is switched off. 2) after times up, please only beep for 30s, and stop the heating. you can switch to blink the led of the roller to get attention. i cannot figure out how to stop it after times up; at the end, i unplug it... looking forward for the firmware upgrade in near future.
your feedback from anovaculinary.com are awfull. two requests about shipping and no answers. first request was sent 2 month ago and second one  week ago.  i didnt get my my reward  yet! theres was a problem^ delivery office (fedex) was not able to deliver the parcel (because on the parcel there was no № apartment, only street #? and this is your fault because i send you correct survey ) so they returned it to your location a month ago. so i want to know when it will be reshiped?!
after using it a few times i have a few suggestions for the app.  i'd like the recipes sorted by category. fish, pork, chicken, vegetables etc. easier to navigate and find what you want to do. also, a folder with saved recipes, so that i can find a recipe i like, save it, and easily find it when i get to the store.  setting the timer doesn't work very well for me. i've tried several times, succeeded once. the temperature on the other hand does exactly how i want it to do.  and again the timer. the other day i had the timer set. when it got to the set time, the beeping did not stop. i thought that stopping the unit and starting it again would work, but no. and setting the timer for a few more minutes did not work from the app, so i had to get out of the couch... as jeff says, a shut-up button would be nice. or a snooze button.  finally, all these cups and ounces... i don't like. converting it to ml and cl would make cooking so much easier! before i leave: you delivered a great product! i haven't had any problems with it at all. works beautifully. the app was delayed way too much though. that should have been available at the same time as the precision cooker itself, especially since you said "cook sous vide with your phone".  unfortunately you have been very quiet here in the comments, answering questions and giving us new information.  looking forward to keep cooking food to perfection!
@jurgis gavenas - we understand, we're so sorry and hope you will forgive us :(
@nick kingston once you've paired your precision cooker with your phone, you'll find calibration in the settings. if it doesn't pop up for you, let us know and we'll take a look. thanks!
@melissa leff thanks for your feedback! just want to clarify - do you mean having the ability to set the time / temp for the device? thanks!
@raymond causton nice! which recipe was it? we'll take a look at the temp.
@vadim temkin, chance
@vadim temkin, is there any change that your app will come for iphone ? please
a time and temperature app would have been far more useful than the one you released (and it also would have been in line with what you promised in your video).
@anova culinary the steaks were a tad on the over cooked side - should have believed my previous experiments and sided with 52c instead of the 57c suggested in the recipe. otherwise the sauce was great and the circulator is chugging along fine.
@raymond causton - thank you for your feedback! we're carefully reviewing and discussing all of the insight our community sends in so it's great to hear constructive suggestions. this is incredibly helpful for our developers and for our team as a whole. thank you for your support!! and by the way, how did the steaks turn out? :)
knock knock anova, not to be rude but you are like 4 months late on you delivery.  a bit mean on your side.
@todd meyers - thank you for reaching out, we're so sorry to hear this!! could you send a message with your ticket number? thanks!
i received mine today, will try it soon :)
how does the calibration work on the ios app? i can't find it on there?
@anova culinary thanks for finally making a presence on the kickstarter comments thread! just tested out the v1.0 ios app. it does the job. it's a great proof of concept. in addition to raymond c's comments below, here are mine: 1. push notification  please add this basic feature for the next update asap. the unit arrived at its set-points (temp and/or time) and just beeped on its own. if i were not in the same room, i wouldn't have known my food 's ready. 2. feature to shut-up the unit's beeping once the unit arrived at its set-point, it wouldn't stop beeping. i had to physically unplug the unit. a remote shut-up button on the app would be good. thanks and keep up on the communication, please. happy cooking...
thanks for the app on ios! pretty good for a v1.0 but here are a few suggestions off the bat while my first remote controlled sirloin steaks are cooking. 1. please parametrize the recipes as well as having temp. control in metric (centigrade) doesn't help too much if i need to use converters to figure how much is an ounce of meat in grams and 1/4 of a cup in decilitres. add recipe conversion units that work off the temp unit selection. ideally employ fuzzy algorithms that automatically round to whole 10's units in metric either up or down. its hugely irritating seeing those 171,98g of meat conversions on the likes of allrecipes.com, etc. so rather round to 200g of meat or down to 150g and scale the other infredient similarly. 2. add full controls into the recipe screen - it feels somehow illogical to just have the go-button in the recipe screen and then have the status read back that no temp nor timer set after launching it unless i retreat to the main menu and set them manually. or then there is something broken in the cooker status feedback reading code since it looked like the go button set the temp & timer to the recipe suggestion but the app reports them as not set. keep up the good work and let the haters hate!
@todd meyers, i think kickstarter really not suitable for you.
well, my request for a refund was officially denied by anova.  at least they finally responded to my case.  now to my credit card company, but it's been so long that i'm not hopeful.  final option is ebay, i suppose.  note to those interested in anova's next kickstarter campaign, don't fall for their promises.  no sdk, no android support, just now an ios app delivered 8 months after taking our money.  millions of dollars pledged and collected, and still no android support?  pathetic.
@hellion oh no! have you received a response yet? if not, will handle promptly.
@jun - first off, thank you for being such a great supporter and sharing our product with others, we really do appreciate it. second, you're right, we should have been more clear in our communication about the process. it is unacceptable for us to fall short of the expectations we set for you and is not part of our values. we've straightened out a lot of the issues and are working to remedy the situation to make sure we're all on the same page. thank you, again, for your support!
hey steve - thank you for sharing, we're huge fans of sous vide celsius and agree that it was very well done. we've got a lot on the horizon for the app - be it ios or android - and will continue to keep the information flowing so everyone is in the loop. we're listening and learning from our users so please feel free to send us your thoughts at feedback@anovaculinary.com.
hi jeff - we're working to catch up with these comments and are happy to address any matters you'd like to discuss. we apologize that we haven't delivered the experience you deserve and we're working hard to rectify that. please let us know what you would like to see moving forward and whether there is anything we can do to help.
i'm glad i didn't wait for their app and bough sous vide celsius (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sous-vide-celsius/id419217101…) it includes tutorials, temperature guides and it's worth any penny. it is not made especially for anova devices but you can control your device with it. it's a more useful app than the amateurish one that anova put out today... android users, you don't miss anything.
hi kevin - thanks for your support, we're happy to hear that you've been enjoying your sous vide machines! we apologize for the wait and hope you enjoy the app :)
not that i want to excuse the lateness of the app, but i got my physical units on time and they work amazingly. for me the machines were the draw and the app would just be a cherry on the top.
@mark prince i'll agree on all of your points except for b. the initial nomiku was 8 months delayed based on news reports. @anova i'm not sure what happened to the android app but the lack of communication is seriously appalling. something came up between anova and the app developers and i wish anova will come clean on what's happening (from a few weeks to delayed indefinitely is not on without a good explanation). i've personally bought 4 anovas (given away one), and persuaded another 5 people to get it as well, so word of mouth goes both ways.
hi mark - thank you for sharing your feedback. we understand the frustration surrounding the app release and realize we made a mistake. we truly value our customers and know we've got some work to do to prove this. we'd love to speak with you further and if you're interested, we will contact you via our community messages to discuss. thanks!
@mark p. bro! i three-hundred percent agree with you - do not recommend anova to your friends! nomiku is awesome. their instagram account is awesome; constantly updated with new content; great community and out-reach, even if you don't own a nomiku. i regret jumping the gun and supported anova's project. i wish i had waited a few more months and supported nomiku's instead.
anyone considering buying an anova sous vide should instead have a look at nomiku. the nomiku folks a) respond in a timely manner to customer service issues b) delivered their previous kickstarter in a timely manner c) are very transparent and communicating about their current kickstarter wifi model d) have a full community that they're active in e) lots o blogging, recipe sharing, interactivity from the company. anova needs to really start stepping up their game, stop misleading about the apps (in december they claimed the android app was well advanced and would be released in a few weeks), and double down and get the android app and the promised windows app delivered. if they actually hired a proper software developer, the android app could be done inside of 4 weeks. it's not rocket science.
i've been so disappointed by anova's lack of communication and lack of transparency that i have recommended nomiku/sansaire/etc to all my friends who come eat sous vide at my home and work. it's funny that they want people to give feedback to their version 1.0 ios app. looking at all the comments on kickstarter, you know that they selectively check the comments (or not at all). android users: good luck on getting the app this year, if ever...
link to iphone app: https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/anova-culinary/id959638683…
great, now when do we get the android app? you know, the smartphone os that has nearly 80% market share... yeah, that one.
@jun & @slobodan. but that is cheating:) building an arduino power monitor, almost done. but if we could read when the heating element is on, that would be even easier.
i use mine with a 36 litre coleman cool box (icebox) with probably 25 litres of preheated water, and a lid made from kingspan insulation with a cutout for the anova. result is rock solid temperature, very little evaporation and minimal energy loss (due to insulation) and therefore minimal power use. huge cooking volume; have cooked belly ribs for 20 easily! love it!
@luke burdack thanks - already loaded!
apple iphone ios app is availabe - anova culinary
i have the same question as many of us leaving comments here.... where is the app?
where is the app?!
nm found on their site! 4-5gal 15-19l thanks
anyone know what size lexan or cambro is sufficient for the strength of this circulator?
anyone have idea when app available for us to download hmm maybe they forget about it :(
does anyone knows something about the android app??? a few weeks have gone since the last update....
@mads here you go: ts-836a plug power meter electricity usage monitor https://www.amazon.com/dp/b00e945sjg/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_zvnzub1e3m344 https://www.amazon.com/dp/b00e945sjg/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_zvnzub1e3m344
@mads storm andersen i think to get an accurate reading you'd need a meter on your socket, as the wattage used will be variable based on the target and current temperatures. in australia they can be had for as low as $10-$15 (and you can use it for anything!).
@vadim can you read when heating element is on/off ?? thinking it would be nice to see how much power is used. especial with isolated/unisolated containers ?
paying $4.59 for a third party app after i paid here for a hardware/software combination is not what i anticipated! at least anova, provide us with an update. i know that it's something strange to you to communicate with your backers, but, hey, try it out another time!
ios or andriod app in what place to download? app call what name?
still no news on my unit despite several messages to anova... :-/
@vadim i use your app, love your work. thank you for taking the time to put it together, looking forward to the upcoming beta version!
@ vadim, i appreciate where you're coming from.  i checked out your app, and it's good to have something.  i just feel like anova has strung us along in so many ways and i am over it.
@todd meyers i am not trying to convince you, you already made your decision and i wish your return process will go smoothly. however, anova published already over 300 recipes on their website (which also will be available on their app, and soon with my app too). their discussion board has more than 300 topics, not all of them "where is my cooker?", and "where is the app?" (though a lot of them are of that variety). good luck!
it's not just the ability to control the anova that i'm missing, it's also the promise of community and recipes, etc.  i'm just done waiting, and who knows if they will ever actually produce an android app.  i got an email that they're reviewing my request for refund, so fingers crossed.
@todd meyers sdk or no sdk android users are enjoying a third-party android app since thanksgiving, and ios users have a third-party app to work with since about christmas. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… and https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sous-vide-celsius/id419217101… respectively. both are not free, both are quite different from each other and from what anova will eventually provide, both provide updates and new features regularly. official sdk would definitely help, but its absence  didn't stop the developers. (i am the author of the android app, and i am working on new features as fast as i can and not waiting for the official sdk, so i know that not from "one of the backers". btw while i might have some grievances against anova, i can assure you that they were extremely supportive when i asked.)
still haven't received my unit :(
@todd, the android version will take some more time. they focused on the ios app and the other ones will come, eventually, we hope...
that's it, i've officially requested a refund.  one of the backers of the hacker special told me anova has never released the sdk they promised, which is why we are not seeing third-party support, and anova is holding us hostage to their own app.  enough is enough.
that's great news for apple users, but there are a lot more android users.  no update for us?
according to their comments on facebook, the app is sent to apple and will come to the app store within a week or so
anova, where's the app?!!!!!!!! anova, you have dropped the ball badly! $1.8 million dollars has gotten to your heads! are you enjoying spending the money that you didn't deliver fully for?
forget the app! where is my unit?!
hi anova, would be interested in an update on the status of the app please. thanks
hi, i would also be interested in an update on the status of the app.  would like to inform the recipients of the one i gifted about any timeline that might have been developed. thanks!
have you guys seen this?? no response totally, all i had was surveys to ask about how good the support was.... https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
@todd meyers. as i reported on http://community.anovaculinary.com/discussion/29/anova-developer-preview-12-hours-cooking-charts-and-measurments#latest: i measured the heating of 5.5l of water from 20c to 70c. it took 32 minutes and 0.37kwh of electricity. this means that thermal efficiency was 86%. the induction cooking claims around 90%, regular electric stoves - 60-70%, gas stoves - 30-60%. (5.5l*50c=275kcal=0.32kwh=0.86*0.37kwh - for those who want to follow my calculations.)  so it's not on par with inductions stoves but behaves as well as any other 800kw device can do.
can someone from anova give us an update on the app? the last update from you is nearly a month ago. i gave one of these units to my mother in-law for christmas with the promise of an easy to use app coming... needless to say that is a mistake that i am paying dearly for.
@tjex, i know you're trying to be helpful, but i'm aware that i could preheat the water on the stove.  i don't care to do that.  part of my testing is for consistency and part is for application.  i intend to use the anova to heat water in situations away from home, running off of battery/generator power.  i'm putting it through the paces to evaluate it's performance and suitability for a variety of applications.
@todd you can just add some boiling water to the tank and cut your waiting time to a few minutes. other option is get the unofficial anova bluetooth app that lets you set different temps on time increments. so set it to 150f, when it hits 130f on it's way up, it auto resets it to 130f for example.
anova, really? where is the promised application?! not to mention people which haven't received their devices and can't get it contact with you!
in the interest of fairness, i need to report that i ran another test this evening.  i started with 12qt of 70f water in a polycarbonate cambro, uncovered, and set the anova precision to the max of 211.5f.  just under an hour later, it was at 196f and seemed as if it had peaked there.  i then covered the cambro, dialed it back to 205f and walked away for 30 minutes. when i checked it again, it was at 205f and holding steady. i did see a couple of strange things during the test.  when i initially covered the cambro, the anova started reporting some wild temperature swings (197f, 203f, 201f, 198f, 203f, all within a few seconds of each other).  it's impossible to get a tight seal around the anova unit itself, so steam was rising around the unit and might have been causing that somehow, that's all i can guess.  i wrapped a bar towel around the lid area where it opens for the anova, and that seemed to take care of that. the anova takes a long time to get to the target temp.  i have started doing the following routine: - set my target temp +5f higher than the real target temp (ex. 151f for a 146f cook) - when anova gets to the true target temp, set it for +1f (ex. 147f) - add protein, drop to true target temp (ex. 146f) this cuts several minutes off of the wait time.  like 15-20 minutes, no exaggeration.  and it sure would be nice to do this with bluetooth from the couch in my den.  anova, where is the app? i don't know what happened previously when i maxed out at 177f, but i must admit, i was impressed that the anova handled this latest test so well.  so i felt i should share that here, since i have been critical previously, it seems only fair to report success stories as well.
haven't received any of my units yet � wasn't able to contact anybody from anova�
as for all the people complaining about the fees on their anova's: that's really beyond anova's control. the only thing they can control is the carrier, and (at least for the netherlands) fedex is one of the cheapest at € 10,50 in fees (ranging from €10 to € 17), so they haven't picked one that's insanely expensive for the receiving end. the vat has to do with eu regulations and the fact that no free trade agreements exist between the us and the eu - hardly within anova's control either. as for the app: i haven't missed it yet, and i've cooked well in excess of 50 meals with my anova. the timer is mostly irrelevant, since 99% of sousvide recipes are not influenced much if at all if you leave stuff in for longer than strictly required. see http://www.chefsteps.com/activities/sous-vide-time-and-temperature-guide for good examples of those ranges, with rare steak ranging from 45 mins to 3 hours(!) at 54c and still be ok. if you are using not using the equilibrium method, but a method where you cook (well) over the target temperature, this obviously becomes a bit more tricky. i did buy the sousvide dashboard app for my ipad ($4.99). it also keeps track of time and temperature for your cook. not strictly needed, but i found it rather fun to play with and it helps in understanding how changing variables works for your cook. tonight it's venison cheeks from the anova: 24 hours at 66c, with parnsip puree and slow cooked red cabbage (with palm sugar, butter and red wine vinegar)
received both my sets. perfect! crazily cooking steak daily haha
forgot to mention this is not the first time i got products through kickstarter posted from the us, so wonder why only anova has resulted in this extra bill.
got a bill from fedex (germany), anyone has the same issue with additional bills?? i am not sure i like these hidden costs.
i am still waiting my unit, and i can not contact anova. :-(
well after leaving a slightly negative post yesterday about not receiving my two units of which they have deleted any negative posts here mine finally showed up today so now on to the task of learning how to use them.
@michael lebeau completely with you on that front.  there's a lot of hype around sous vide where the results don't match up to the claims - carrots being a great example of that.  for the amount of effort it takes the results aren't worth half the fuss and bother.
@ todd meyers sorry, ended up getting taken out for dinner last night, so didn't have a chance to test things out.  if 10l of water (my largest container) would be a more relevant test, i'll find some time on saturday to do that for you.
@todd - i'm going to try this as well. as i mentioned, it was challenging for the unit to get up to temp if i hadn't covered it. granted, one probably shouldn't have to cover it. so where is the flaw? as an aside, i did the serious eats sous-vide carrots once in my pid/slow cooker (which has an even harder time holding temp, i've found) and once on the stove (induction's great for holding temp). in neither case did i actually find the carrots to be full of the mystical joy that i was expecting to get from them given all of the virtues sung by the recipe writers. i was downright disappointed. i thought "eh, these taste like "alright" carrots at best." maybe kenji had just made my expectations too high, but i wasn't that impressed. then i sauteed them briefly in maple syrup and garlic and salt and all was right with the carrot world.
@dotcodotuk that would be helpful, thanks.  although there is a massive difference between heating 5l of water and 12qt of water.  i would point out that 12qt is 60% of the stated capacity of the anova precision cooker, so it should easily be able to attain and hold 12qt @ 185f.
@ todd meyers your anova doesn't work properly.  mine heat water only marginally slower than my sansaire units did and hold at the specified temperature as accurately as one could wish for.  obviously a larger volume of water takes longer to heat, but both 5l and 10l tanks are easily handled. admittedly i haven't attempted anything above 60°c (140°f) in my own units, but i cooked carrots at 90°c (194°f) a couple of times with the unit i was borrowing from a friend - one that came from the first production run of 220v models and has a few calibration issues - and all was well. if it would help satisfy your curiosity, and assuming i find the time, i'm happy to test how quickly one of my units heats up 5l of water from room temperature and how accurately it holds at 85°c (185°f) for a period of time.
so i ordered 5, i got 4.  i've sent 2 messages to anova now, and have gotten dead silence both times.  is there a more effective way to get them to actually acknowledge the problem?
sorry for the double post, i thought the first one was lost.
has anyone been able to cook at 185f with the anova precision?  i tried to do sous vide carrots tonight for the first time.  i preheated the water to 120f in a 12qt cambro, and after two hours, the temp was at 177f and would not go past that.  out of frustration, i switched to the sansaire and it went to 185f in six minutes, then i switched back to the anova precision and it eventually dropped back to 177f. i would actually be somewhat relieved to discover my unit is defective.  the alternative is that it's just not powerful enough to reach and hold 185f, which is a very common temperature for sous vide vegetables. has anyone else here cooked at 185f with the anova precision?  or would anyone be willing to test how long it takes your unit to reach 185f?
i know i'll probably get hammered for posting this, but tonight was my first time trying to sous vide carrots.  adapting the recipes from j. kenji lopez-alt and richard blais, i prepared the baggie of carrots, filled the cambro with 12qt of 120f water, and set the anova precision for 185f.  two hours later, i was at 177f.  out of frustration, i switched to the sansaire.  six minutes later, i was at 185f.  i then switched back to the anova precision and watched the temp slowly drop to 177f over the next several minutes. this is a very common temperature for sous vide vegetables.  does it sound like i've been given a sub-par unit, or is 800w just not powerful enough to hit those temps?  it would kind of be a relief to think the unit is defective.  has anyone else here been able to cook at 185f with the anova precision?  or would anyone be willing to test and compare how long it takes for your anova precision to go from 120f to 185f?
i also have their initial unit with the 1kw heater and i recall discussion around "dumbing" this down to 800w. agreed it gets up to temperature more slowly which is why i like many others don't start with cold water. however, once up to temperature, the more relevant point is that it stays there. i suspect if it had a 1.5kw element it would vooooom up to temperature but stability might be an issue with over shoots. i can't say i have noticed any struggling with higher temperatures but as others have noted, covering the containment vessel helps as has been detailed on many a (non-anova) sous vide enthusiast site. by the way, ios users, force yourself to spend $4 on the "sous vide c" app if you really want to play with bluetooth connection. i'm not affiliated with the developers, but i'm no longer pining for an app when i am too lazy to manually set the temperature.
@njs - i do the same thing. i did that last night when i made the chefsteps sous vide creme brulee (awesome, by the way). i threw it up to 85*c to start and it got there much more quickly than if i had tried for 80*c from the outset. i agree, it's another compromise and how dare the company do that to us and all of the other vitriol that i'm just saving the others from spewing...but it tends to work pretty well in terms of getting the water to temp quickly. and that's what makes me happy. i do feel that the anova has a bit of difficulty getting up to temp at higher temps in the 80c+ range. but again, i've found that covering the vessel makes it much easier to make that work, as @slobodan has shown earlier (although i've just used aluminum foil and styrofoam in the past).
@todd to me the issue with the anova heating time is less to do with being underpowered but rather a very conservative and severely overdamped pid control, meaning it does not want to overshoot. what i do is set the temperature 5-10 degrees higher than i want and just keep a close-ish eye on it and when it gets close drop the temp back down to the required value. even a couple of degrees overshoot for a minute on a 3 hr cook isnt going to ruin your meal. this is not ideal, and maybe one day with the app we could be able to tune pid parameters or do something the gauges water level and hence heating required. but until then i always add hot water and do the above and i have never have to wait very long for the anova to get up to temp.
anyone have issues with anova support? i had a bad unit, went to their support section, filled out the form and they haven't responded since 1 january.
@todd please specify that you are referring to the anova precision as there is always the option of the anova one which i've been using for over 16 months on a weekly basis with no issues. it's the one that is comparable to the sansaire in terms of power.  i have started to use the precision model and i agree, the delay of the app is annoying. to speed things up to get the temp, dump in some boiling water, who has time to wait for a circulator to heat things up?! i do this with both units. as for service, i have had excellent customer service, but i understand others haven't, so tough to comment on this subject.
@dotcodotuk, starting with 120f water, it takes the sansaire under five minutes to come to 150f.  the same test in the same vessel took the anova precision cooker 28 minutes.  that is a ridiculous amount of time for a 30f increase. the sansaire is not superior in every way.  it is bulkier, and i prefer the clip on the anova.  but those are not the reasons i bought the anova.  i bought for bluetooth and app support, hence my profound disappointment for anova's failure to deliver on that front. to anyone in the market for an immersion circulator, the anova is capable.  just be prepared to deal with calibration issues that cannot be fixed until anova releases the bluetooth app, and be aware that owners have been waiting for months for the app and still don't have it, nor do we have an explanation or a time frame.  and the sdk that was to be released to third-party developers who could provide competing apps has never materialized, either.  and keep in mind that the anova at only 800w is somewhat underpowered compared to the competition, so heating the water bath takes a very long time, even when starting with hot water.  you also may or may not get a printed user manual (some have, most haven't).  and contacting anova goes into a black hole, as their customer service leaves a lot to be desired.  if you are ok with those compromises, the anova should be on your short list of devices to consider.
@todd meyers i assumed any response from you would be along those lines, but i was aiming my comments more towards those who might be foolhardy enough to follow your line of thinking and do themselves out of a perfectly capable immersion circulator in a fit of pique. @stuart mcknight he'll probably argue the sansaire is superior in every way, but from my experience the only thing it does better is heat the water up faster - something that can be skirted around by using warm or hot water in the first place.  in all other regards, the anova is a better option.
@todd does your sansaire outperform the anova in any meaningful way ? the build quality and reviews i have seen suggest it's not as clear cut as you imply. by the way, if anybody is looking for an ios app that connects with the anova, i spent a whole $3.99 on an app called "sous vide c" by a developer in switzerland. doesn't have recipes as such but has a wide range of category of food and vegetables with instructions, and a temperature setting which transfers across along with a timer on the phone/ipad. have had no problems - no need to "pair" as such - just press the bluetooth logo on the anova and the app picks it up. i have no connection to the developers by the way, just came across it by searching in the app store for "anova". am i in a steaming rage that i had to part with an additional $3.99 ? nope. anova said they were expecting third party developers to come up with software for their hardware so i'm sure we will see others in due course...
is there any update on the app?  new delivery date?  this delay is getting a little stupid.
anyone has the commercial invoice? they sent my unit without one, and it's being delay in customs for this matter. already email anova, but still no answer at all.
is there a more reliable way to contact anova other than ks pm?  i sent a message to them weeks ago about a missing unit (i ordered 5, i got 4), and i've gotten radio silence.
still didn't get any reward so far!!! and no message from anova either. pls,  i just want my cooker on hand asap.
@dotcodotuk, read me again a little more closely.  selling does not deny me the usage of anything, because (like willwill) i already owned a sansaire which outperforms the anova.  i bought the less-powerful anova only for the much-touted bluetooth and app functionality.  without that, the anova i have in my possession is simply an inferior version of the sansaire i already own. i'm not looking to "teach anova a lesson."  they couldn't care less what i do with my anova, that is abundantly clear.  i am just looking to dump the anova, recoup as much of my $129 as i can and be done with these bs artists.  so if you're truly kicking yourself for not buying more of them, buy mine.
i can understand the stance some people have with regard to the app, and god knows i'd like it for calibration purposes, but deciding to get rid of the device over the lack of an accompanying app would appear to be slightly overreacting. you've still got by far the most effective thermal immersion circulator on the market today and the lack of an app doesn't hinder its usage in any meaningful way. sure, it's galling to see anova peddling a new and improved product when they've failed to completely deliver on their promises for this one, but what we've got works and works well.  no, scratch that - it works brilliantly and is a steal at the rrp, let alone the discounted prices offered here. selling it isn't going to teach anova a lesson or hurt their reputation in any way, shape or form and only serves to deny you the usage of what is an extremely useful piece of kit. i've frowned upon the way anova has run this project and has conducted itself from a pr perspective, but my only real annoyance is that i didn't buy more of them when i had the chance.
@willwill, you're not alone.  i'm in the same exact spot and trying to get a refund or sell my anova.  just hoping to break even and move on from this situation.  it's a slap in the face for anova to be demoing something for a new product that they haven't even delivered yet for last year's product.
i picked this over the sansaire which has worked for me just fine for almost a year now. why? an app and bluetooth, neither are available or work. glad i flipped one of my 2 units for a profit.
looking forward to the app now!
got a bill from fedex ireland: vat €26.08 admin fee €10.75 vat on admin fee €2.47 total: €39.30 not unreasonable, and considering how quickly they delivered it, i was happy to pay it
*as their app is supposed to be free
@michael lebeau perhaps it might occur to you that this year could be the end of the year, and with some products a 1 year cycle is not surprising (cars for example, are released every year). at this point in time, the hardware design side of things should have concluded for this iteration, it's the software that's severely lagging and that might be outsourced to a separate company by the sound of their wording. i wouldn't be able to speculate what is causing the delay of the sdk and app, but they already had a prototype for the precision cooker in the videos for kickstarter. they aren't comfortable releasing that yet after many months for reasons unknown (lack of polish, stability, who knows?) @todd meyers i'm not sure why that would even be the case, as their will is supposed to be free, unless they plan to monetize it in some other way other than to sell more cookers. what i'm most curious about is... how do they have an app that appears to be running smoothly (perhaps smoke and mirrors demo) and not have the sdk ready yet?
i think it is really low for anova to sell "hacker special" units that were supposed to include early access to the hardware and the sdk, and months later i think there is still no release of the sdk.   some of the hackers/developers managed to reverse-engineer things to some degree, but they shouldn't have ever needed to, and they still deserve the sdk.  is anova holding it back to make sure theirs is the first app realeased?  if so, that is really sleazy.
have the units actually been sent out yet?  i've not received mine.
i find it odd that they don't have a prototype at ces yet expect to have the product to market this year. i'm all for a company planning ahead...but c'mon. fulfill your current promises for your current customers who have brought you to this point.
@slobodan please don't be so dramatic. the app is obviously almost finished, probably in the last phases and then needs to get into the apple store (though it's a pain that it's delayed). as for wifi, it's certainly not ready and wasn't ready for ces, they didn't even have a working prototype. ces is to showcase upcoming and new tech, they are letting people know that it's the company's next project.
so, app exists, just not for us. wifi support will exist for an identical product, but not for us (there was some b/s about how it would delay the product). well, it surely didn't delay it to make the ces and i'm sure they didn't whip it up a day earlier, either. ok, if the goal of this whole exercise was to piss supporters off, anova - you succeeded! i have just decided, after reading posts below, i will not be recommending anova to any of my friends. so, good job, anova!
from the engadget article: " he wasn't able to show us a working prototype of the anova touch, but he did show us the app with the precision cooker, seen in the lead image above, and it appears to work pretty smoothly." that means the app for us is ready or almost ready.
@todd - for what it's worth, i agree with you completely about the sdk. it was a promised feature of the hacker special. i had actually assumed that it had gone out because of the android "off-app" (for lack of a better term for me to make up on the spot) but i guess i was wrong. sorry. and while i stand by that the app is relatively pointless, we're now two about weeks since they last told us it would be "a few more weeks." if it takes more than another week, i'll admit that they've failed to meet an appropriate timeline. and with this announcement, i'm a little annoyed that it's probably because they've been spending time on making the app work with the wifi version or on working on the wifi version rather than working on their existing commitments. i don't think it's much to get worked up about, but it is a bit annoying.
backer # 5868. no shipping info yet.
so now we know why there were all those coupon code and special price emails were going out? :-)
@todd i agree about the app, we bought the unit with the assumption of having an app that came along with it. they haven't fulfilled their promise yet. what was/is getting sold, isn't what they are advertising to be selling, it's missing one big component. their website even mentions the iphone app (nothing about android btw) with no info that if you buy this, you're not getting it. it's like buying a car, only to be told the fourth wheel which is supposed to come with it, won't be available until.. well.. we're not sure.
backer #5635 i haven't received a shipping notification yet! i've tried reaching out to anova and have yet to hear a response.
@todd meyers i also do not care about wifi but i really want to get the app now!
@tjex, the article i read that seems incorrect and in fairness, i think you are right.  i am not disappointed that we don't have wi-fi as that was clear from the start, but for anova to be showing off their app while still refusing to provide the sdk to developers is practically fraudulent.  come on, anova!
people.... relax, it's the same app that they will use for both wifi and bluetooth! as for adding wifi, seems that it would have delayed the project as they didn't even have a demo model. it's supposed to be out sometime in 2015.
the biggest argument against wi-fi that we heard during this campaign was that it would delay the project.  the second argument was that is was unnecessary.  well, now here we have anova at ces unveiling a new unit with wi-fi and a demoing an app for it, all before we even have our app (or even an sdk, or a printed manual).  well, screw it.  i am tired of being strung along while they develop a new product before even fulfilling their commitments on this current project.  time to fight for a refund through amazon/amex or dump it on ebay.
my shipping label was created on 11/7 and i'm supposed to be notified when it ships. what's the deal?
adam same. says it was supposedly shipped and estimated for november delivery, but never left or actually shipped. i haven't gotten mine yet either.
not really a surprise. after all the backers asking for wifi in the ones we pledged for made it obvious @anova would make it.   i accept its came along extremely quickly and it is a tad annoying.  however more annoying for me is that when it was announced at ces although there was no actual circulator to show off there was an app.   ffs we don't even have an app for ours and they have one for the anova touch with wifi
anova just announced a wifi sous vide cooker only days after the last batches of kickstarter units went out the door. i understand that technology moves quick etc but i didn't expect my unit to be already dated before the app is finally done. its also frustrating as wifi was requested by many during the campaign. http://www.engadget.com/2015/01/06/anova-touch-wifi-sous-vide/
anyone else from us received the fedex label creation message, but never received the anova? even with more than a month of waiting?
@fabrice rossi: paid 99$ also, calculated as 78.98 euro by fedex. vat is correctly calculated at 21% for 16.59. according to http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/taxation/l31013_en.htm, only goods with a value of less than 10 euro are exempt. and then there is handling and administration, at 10.75 euro. in total i paid 27.34, which to me seems very fair.
hey it's me again, decided to provide more info to help those who are still waiting for theirs. backer no:  #6275 country: south africa vat/duties: 27.281 euro (shipped with fedex) model: black 220v rgs, jg
hey guys, i just got mine today :) gonna make some steak mabey tonight.
backer #2476 and i haven't even received a shipping notification yet....i've tried reaching out to anova and have yet to hear a response.
i'm among the last 2000 backers and i got my shipment confirmation december 20th, and i got the package ten days later, the 30th. and the last update stated 99%, so you should have gotten the mail i reccon...
did you ship all products? i have not gotten  a shipment confirmation yet !
i found it in amazon payments
does anyone know where i can find my amazon transaction id?  i am trying to get a refund.
correction: it should be $159, not 169. and then 33 € vat, and 3 € less. :p
@fabrice, you're right. there is a lower limit at which you don't pay a customs fee. here it is 1400 sek, which is about 147 € ($176). i pledged $169 postage included. but, the vat over here is 25%, and you have to pay vat for the postage too! 25% out of $169 is 35 € vat which i expected to pay. on top of that there is always a handling fee of 10 € no matter which postal service is used. even our own national postal service robs us for international packages... a friend got his anova circulator before me, and he got an invoice a week later: 40 €. that is 5 € less than what i calculated, so fedex did not take any extra. i think. because there is no value printed on any paper on my package at all. only senders address and my address. so i don't know what value anove reported to fedex...
@daniel: the problem with fedex is not the custom fees and the vat, but fedex' cut. i've just received my fedex bill which amounts to the outrageous total of 35,9 €. i payed the anova 99 us $. fedex uses a rate of 1.2535, giving roughly 79 €. for this small amount, there are no custom fees for goods entering the eu. so i should have payed 16 € of vat (20 % in france). but fedex claims the vat is 23 € using a so called "statistical value" of 113 € (!!!) for the anova rather than the official bill! first  rip off: 7 €. then, you have to pay 10,75 € of processing charges + vat on those, leading to this silly total. of course, all in one this is still a major bargain, but paying 50 % in taxes and fedex processing charges is super annoying, to say the least.
always expect custom fees and tax for everything you buy from outside the eu. in this case fedex handles it for you. otherwise the customs hold your package until you pay the fees. if standard national postal services are used you may get lucky and the package slips through. stuff from china slips through the customs unseen way more often than stuff from the us.
@gigi @graham o'keeffe just received my bill from fedex looking for €35 (the netherlands),  the same experience.
@michael lebeau, that's unbelievable.  you used far too many words to say that, once again, backers should have known that all of the features beyond heating water were pointless and we have no right to expect all that was promised.  i don't get why you're so passionate about projecting your lowly expectations upon everyone else, but you don't get to tell me what i want or how to feel about it.  you're wasting your time. recipes are always nice, but i really bought into the community aspect that the app is supposed to create around the anova.  it's a huge disappointment for the backers of the developer kits that their units shipped without the promised sdk needed for them to create third-party apps.  not only did those backers get screwed hard, but the entire community is missing out on those third-party apps now as well.  remember, that was also part of the sales pitch, the promise of integration with other apps that the sdk would make possible. here's a basic, real-world application example.  last night i would have loved to have a remote app.  i heated water with the anova for eggs, and it would have been great to be downstairs and remotely alerted or at least monitor when the temp was ready.  first world problems, i know, it's still a functioning sous vide even without all of those promised features we are waiting for, blah blah blah.  but i already owned a better sous vide, so i backed this project solely for those extra features that you don't care about.  that's why (1) you and i will never agree, and (2) why i am so disappointed that it's 2015 and still no app in sight. i'm going to keep pressuring anova until they deliver all they commited to, whether you like it or not.
@todd meyers - i'm not an apologist. i have no ties to anova but for my purchases during this campaign. i simply look through the fog at the issues that matter. while i appreciate that having a recipe database and pre-defined settings may be helpful to some, my point is simply that, no matter what, the app is likely tangentially useful at best (but for calibration). i say likely as, not having seen the app yet, perhaps it will have functionality beyond my imagination (which is, admittedly, limited). i presume that, with a sansaire, you are a savvy sous vider already. it sounds like you really just need a recipe book. you,presumably, already have the wherewithal to set a temperature correctly based on the food that you're cooking. you already, presumably, understand that timing (other than achieving "cooked through" status and pasteurization, if so desired) is relatively irrelevant in this type of cooking. so, really, it sounds like you're looking for cooking ideas. you may consider navigating your smartphone's web browser to recipes.anovaculinary.com. because other than those aforementioned features which we have already determined that you,presumably, have little need of, i believe that this will likely be the brunt of the content of the app. as to address other points: 1. i don't believe that we have sufficient knowledge to accurately attribute the app's effect on the success of the campaign. really, for all of the reasons mentioned above, it should have had little effect on critical thinkers. 2. you continue to address their failure to meet what was promised. i don't believe that anova has said to anyone at any time that the app is not forthcoming. in fact, i believe that they said that there's been a delay and that it will come. what more do you want? this is really why you have people addressing your comments regularly with counters to your "arguments." give them a chance. if they released an app at the outset that wasn't complete, they'd simply have a ton of negative feedback and, much worse from a corporate efficiency perspective, even more support to have to deal with. so yes, it seems likely that they're devoting some time to producing a solid app that meets your expectations. sure, it didn't come when the device came, but we all know it's going to come. and if it doesn't meet your expectations? well, then you'll have something to complain about, i guess. but for now, you should at least give them an opportunity to developer a strong, solid app. it does take time. i know there have been several comments about how easy it is to create apps but i actually had this discussion with friends in the user ui industry and they agreed that it can be very difficult to produce an app that is (a) not buggy (b) consistent across platforms (c) has an efficient ui (d) has an attractive ui and (e) has all of the content and functionality desired. have they failed to meet their commitment to provide an app? no. not yet. they haven't yet provided it, but i don't consider it a failure. they have continued to communicate that there are delays with the app. should they have provided the device prior to the app being available? yes. definitely. why? because, again, at best, the app is a mild convenience (other than the calibration issue) to save you the trouble of adjusting the dial yourself. would it have been nice to have the app ready when the device was ready? yep. does that make them promise breakers? personally, i don't believe so - not even close. it's why, when i see vitriol about broken promises, i get genuinely annoyed. it shows a demonstrated lack of understanding of the "accelerated release" system that kickstarter and other sites have created. essentially, if this were 5 years ago, we would have seen an ad or write up speaking to anova's new product coming down the pipe slated for "late 2014" or something like that. no pre-orders, no early backers at significantly reduced prices, no updates during development. just "hey, there's this cool thing coming down the road." then there would be a delay and they'd say "sorry, it'll be a few months because the app isn't ready." and everyone would wait, patiently, because nothing was a stake and nothing had been "pre-paid." but that's not the system now. the system exists and so it becomes a matter of getting a proper product to market asap. a tangential part of the functionality isn't ready yet but the fundamental functionality is there? get it out to the consumers who gave us loads of cash so that they can use it. we'll give them the little side project that we promised when it's ready. because if you give it to them early in the "nothing's every good enough" consumer world that currently exists, you'll have a ton of complaints and customer support to deal with. right now, it's just a few people that they have to say "don't worry, it's coming." so to address the final point - no, i don't think you should be disappointed. i think that you should stop acting like the big bad corporation is out to get you and "failing to deliver on promises" because it hasn't gone exactly the way that you hoped it would. to me, that's the part that's juvenile. it shows a lack of maturity, patience, and understanding of provision of products and service. it's a classic western "i want it right now and because it's not here, it's not good enough so everything about the whole thing is bad" mentality that is rampant across our culture. the point that the "apologists" are making is that, if you actually look at it with a critical eye, you have 99% of the functionality already and that the rest is coming, so the whining is tiresome. other than calibration, the app is really just there to prevent you turning the dial yourself and to give you recipe ideas. the recipes section on their website is already quite complete (and the internet is replete with recipes as well). so it all comes down to turning the dial yourself. that's the only difference (other than calibration - which i feel i already addressed in another post by stating that once i figured out that i was off by a degree, i just upped my temp by a degree and all was well). i'm not sure if the above diatribe meets the "respectful and considerate" guidelines. i tried hard to both address the issues and not be a total jerk, so if i wasn't sufficiently respectful and considerate, i apologize.
@gigi i hear ya. 2 weeks after receiving my anova i get a bill from fedex looking for €40 that's 40 per cent of the value. total rip off. anova if you want repeat customers you need to sort this out.
thanks steven! unfortunately, this unit is not available at amazon.ca. will wait for my parents to go to florida soon!
the eagle has landed! great timing for the weekend. did a first try with an egg, did not go as i wanted, but not bad for a first try.  looking forward to continue cooking and trying more new foods.
when i pledged, i actually never think about using the bluetooth function.  i just want to have another immersion circulator from well known manufacturer. timer for me is also not that important, since when i sous vide, i usually use room temperature water. thus, it take time to reach the temperature i want and most of the food i sous vide, no need so precise timing except eggs.  of course when i cook eggs at 63°c or other dishes that need timer, i prefer to set the timer in my smartphone, after all, i usually carry my smartphone but i don't always stay close to kitchen or the place i sous vide my food.
hi, i just wanted to report my customs experience with the fedex courier. i had to pay 41.19 eur (49.64 usd) for my anova. the declared value for the package was 99,00 usd so i had to pay 50% of the value for the customs. please note that vat in italy is 22%. please don't use fedex again for the shippings in italy, i buy several items and it's the first time a courier charges me that much. beside that the unit works perfectly, i already used it a doxen of times and i must admit that sous vide chicken breasts are spectacular. thanks!
@marie andree, i'm not sure if it's the best in its category, but i ordered the cambro 12189 from amazon (http://amzn.to/1ty9upv) - i might order the sliding lid if i don't like the provided lid.
@michael lebeau, that would certainly be a pleasant surprise, but i just want it to do everything it's supposed to do. the app was a huge reason for the success of this project.  it's featured prominently in their campaign, their videos, the early reviews they linked to, etc.  the control of hardware tied to a recipe database was exciting to me.  it's what won my support, even though i already had a fantastic sous vide device (sansaire) in my kitchen.  yes, the anova "works" without the extras in the sense that it heats water, but all of those extra features are exactly what sets the device apart.  whether you would or wouldn't use those features is irrelevant to the fact that i and others would use them and are anxious to see them implemented as promised. most of the issues people are raising are totally legitimate, no matter how often apologists dismiss them.  and michael, telling people like me that we shouldn't be disappointed or act as if we are hoping for "rainbows and unicorns" is insulting and pretty juvenile.  you're certainly not helping me feel better about the situation.  to be honest, guys like you are kind of fueling my fire a bit.
@brian hughes and @todd meyers - you're right, the timer without the app is a pain, but you're also right - i've not used the timer once since i received the unit. i'd rather my bath stay at the set temp until i have removed the product. if i need a timer to tell me how long it's been cooking, i've been using the stove or my iphone timer. i'm sure that when the app comes, all will be well with the world, and @todd, your device will suddenly sprout rainbows and unicorns.
@aaron bosch, i've seen complaints about scratches, but not cracks.  there is a removable protective layer covering the plastic display.  maybe that is what you are looking at?  others have said after they removed it, the display scratches very easily with a kitchen towel, so be careful wiping the unit.
stoked to recieve my red anova! however, when i opened and inspected, the lcd had a few scratches or cracks on it. not seeing anyone else complain about this. hm, i wonder if i'm the only one?
@brian hughes, that has been mentioned by others a few times, and yes, it is a pain.  the app would presumably offer an easier way to accomplish that, but it's 2015 and there is no app.  the same people who repeatedly say "it works without an app" or that calibration isn't a big deal may also say you don't need to use the timer.  get thick skin and be prepared for 3-4 perpetual apologists to tell you all those promises anova has broken shouldn't matter just so long as you got a device that heats water.
hey i'm still wondering if i can change my address!
has anyone else noticed that manually setting the timer is a pain in the backside? its not good design it would have been much simpler to have have a dedicated timer button press once to put it into timer set mode, adjust the time then press it again to set instead of the crap shoot of hoping you've held the button down long enough to bring up time set rather than change temp display between c or f
some recommendations for not too expensive sous-vide recipients/tanks with lids?
got my sous vide a few days ago (delivered to me in london). checked it against a professional chef's thermometer and it was completely in sync right down to 0.1 of a degree. cooked a perfect chicken ballotine last night at 64c. i'm already in love with this gadget.
guys - relax with the calibration issue!!  what are you using as reference temperature? making a measurement tool with +-0,5deg absolute accuracy is hard, and there is a big chance that your anova is correct and the other tool you have is wrong.  i know anova said some units suffered from calibration issues, but it is not all of them!
as many have noted - the product is entirely functional without the app. even if you have the dreaded calibration issue (i do, too)...i tested the bath temp and compared against the display temp and made the leap of adjusting the temperature of the display temp up by 1 degree to make up for the nearly insurmountable problem of the temp being off. it worked. my food was edible - even delicious. phew! while i agree that it would be nice to have the app to fix the calibration issue and because it's part of the promised package - it will come and everything will be fine. the product is not a paperweight without it. and the lack of a printed manual? the link to the pdf version is everywhere...just in case you can't use the scroll wheel and press the start button without it. i actually didn't even notice that i didn't have a manual until i saw the comments on here. i even figured out how to switch the display units all by myself. the reality is that when the app comes, you probably won't even use it half of the time because, as it turns out, there is a vast array of temperatures that you can cook food to (in all forms of cooking! and sous vide is no exception!). i've cooked chicken to 142, 145, and 150. all slightly different. i've cooked steak to 130, 132, and 135. i've cooked salmon at 109, 112, 119, and 125 (ew!). i've cooked short ribs at 135 and 145. and don't even get me started on eggs...etc etc etc etc. the point is that you may vary your time and temp drastically for a given food. the app will likely have the fda minimum standards so it's going to have settings that may not suit your preferences and you'll bypass it altogether. sure, it will be handy sometimes, but nothing the chefsteps time and temp guide can't help with. or any other amount of quick research online will help you with. as @chris norman said... cook!!!
@kenneth kwok. get them out of the boxes!! clamp them inside a pot!! add water between the min and max lines!! plug them in!! turn them on!! set your required temp!! cook!!! ;)
@todd meyers; now that is not good! you're absolutely right, anova do need to address the calibration issue immediately, as it must be incredibly frustrating to have received a unit and for it to function incorrectly. similarly the concerns about corrosion already evident on the heating element needs addressing. @mark prince; not entirely sure where i said i was fine with the product "as is". i merely stated they will do the app, and it will work fine. if not, then yes, they will not be delivering what was promised. at this point, having received the unit 2 days ago, i'm very happy to have a correctly functioning unit enabling me to cook some of the best food i have ever done, consistently. and yes, anova absolutely need to improve their communication with customers and address their shortcomings, otherwise they will lose their only real asset: their customer base and goodwill.
hi. how long more before for the app to be ready? can this product be used much without the app? please get the app ready. i bought 2 and they're just sitting in their boxes.
just received our two anova cookers, let the fun begin.
hi, i've left a couple of messages previously but havnt got a reply yet, so just posting the query here aswell. i've recently moved out from the delivery address and was hoping for some help in getting my hands on the units i pledged for
the lack of an app also hurts if (like me) your unit appears to suffer from the calibration issue which anova has acknowledged and promises to fix with their app--which of course does not exist.
regarding my earlier question about the bluetooth pairing: the device does not show up as a connectable device and is therefore not present in the nearby devices list. (my guess) however it does show up as "anova" if using a bluetooth signal strength scanner software, like the free "bluetooth smart scanner" on the app store. so now i know the bluetooth radio in it works. at least that much it identifies itself. :d
@jun:  you're not missing anything. the timer is set to a default inactivated state because, according to the manual, the temperature is far more important than the time. and because the unit changes after 3 seconds and you toggle the timer by holding on for 8 seconds the unit changes. imo they should have put in a check to see if one lets go of the button before 8 seconds and change the unit only then...
the lack of app is exacerbated by the fact that setting the timer on the device itself seems to be a pain in the arse though. i have to first change the unit, and then the timer turns on and i change the unit back again. and i have to do this every time i restart the device. am i missing something?
received 220v black and red in australia yesterday, the device itself looks good! @mark prince i agree that anova's communications has been lacking. however, i did receive manuals with my units, so they are listening to a certain extent i guess. they also did point out in the risk assessment that the app may not be ready before the device so i don't think you should hold that against them since it was laid out clearly when the project started.
@chris norman, this company doesn't need an apologist to come in and address their shortcomings (that'd be you). this company needs to address their shortcomings and lack of communication directly. i bought this because of the app and because it was a connected device. i already own a nomiku sous vide. i didn't need a second one, but saw value in the bluetooth connectivity, the more precise control, and the ability (promised) to do staged and timed cooking, all via the app.  the title of this kickstarter is "cook sous vide with your phone". just because you're fine with the product as is - shipped without a manual, shipped without the promised apps (thats plural, not just an ios app), that's fine for you. others are not happy with this. myself included.
fyi it's a shame, that in portugal, fedex/rangel can charge you whatever they want for fees and nobody does nothing to stop it. take a look: vat 35.54€ fees 49.20€ (inbound traffic: 15€ + handling: 6.10€ + documents and stamps: 6.40€ + administrative burdens: 12.50€ | total = 40€ + vat) --- total 84.74€ (aprox 103$) fortunately they did not ask me for more, because if they wanted to, they could. i'm sad for being obliged to participate in this extortion.
@chris norman, thank you so much for the manual, i will take it!  my email is toddmeyers@hotmail.com and we can make arrangements.  very nice of you!
@todd meyers, i wish i had your kitchen, seems to be hard to add value to it. that's a tall order, isn't it? i don't wish i had your attitude, though.
got mine! works like a charm. but i've got a question about the bluetooth though. it says in the manual that the system is designed to pair in app. does that imply that it doesn't show up as a device in the regular bluetooth device list in the phone? because mine doesn't.
@todd meyers you can have my printed manual if you like; it's not as if it tells me anything i don't know already/can find out via google/can download the pdf manual if i'm desperate. you might as well ebay yours todd, seeing as you've got something "better".(how many precision cookers does one need, i ask myself...) @everyone else whingeing about the app; re the app; yes we all would like it, but really? it's useless without the app?? and you need an app to help you set a temperature and work out how long you need to cook something for?? i think you need to brush up on your chef skills rather than hope a new toy will magically turn you into a thomas keller / heston blumenthal / ferran adria. they will do the app; it will work fine; it won't make you a great chef. rant over. happy new year people :) x
you guys collected $1.8 million on this project and can't be bothered to respond to customers any longer? really disappointed in the lack of an app, considering this was sold as "cook sous vide with your phone" and that's what i was jazzed about.  i already had a sansaire that outperforms the anova precision cooker.  without the app, it adds no value in my kitchen. i have come close to listing it on ebay, but since my unit didn't come with a user manual, i'm afraid to i'll lose value without a printed manual.  so once again, how do those of us who didn't receive the printed manual get one?
i am absolutely in love with mine- perfect build quality, and the temperature is perfect too. it looks super sleek! i was happy to see how perfect my 63 degrees egg was and proceeded to make cooked chicken breast. it was the most sublime thing i've ever tasted. if anything 800 watts is on the pretty high end for me, but that's to be expected with heating and stuff.
how can we get a printed manual like others are receiving? mine was left out of the package.
got my red one yesterday, haven't had the chance to try it out yet.  although disappointed that the app is not yet available, but as my second sous vide cooker, it is not going to stop me from enjoyment from using it.
@ken yee, 1. device works regardless of color. 2. device works regardless whether there's an app or not. 3. device works although there's no ios app, contrary to your belief. 4. device works regardless of your misplaced #fail tag. the only thing not working is your good will. well, can't have it all, can you?
pleased to say that mine arrived today in the uk. not had a chance to try it yet, but it looks good and was very impressed with the packaging! i hope to be trying it out over the new year break. will update with progress at that point...
@dean my main concern is there appears to be corrosion on the heating element where it has been filed down possibly to fit(??) i think others have noted this and i will investigate further. the air bubbles you mention are most likely under the protective film on the display
what are peoples thoughts on build quality - mine arrived in uk today and i have noted that the silver bezel around the controls is already worn on the bottom edge showing plastic underneath - have also noted that the main display area has a couple of air bubbles in it where the clear lense has not bonded totally with the underneath... hopefully rest of build quality is ok
received my uk plug early bird v in black today #4936 looks great, looking forward to trying it out mine came with a printed manual
@chris norman +1
finally got my white uk plug unit today! worth the wait! well packaged, solid construction. really happy! looking forward to the app, but as others have said here, it works perfectly without it, and is definitely not a useless paperweight!
parcel arrived to fedex facility in mölnlycke, sweden, just 10-15 km from home, gothenburg, sweden. "not due for delivery" it says. seems like i have to go there myself to get it before january 5th...  and i'm a little worried i have a lot of import taxes and customs duty to pay when i get it. after a quick calculation it will be close to 80 us$.
@ken yee the anova works perfectly well without any app. and unlike ios users, who have to wait for an official app, the android users for a month already have at least an unofficial one to fall back to.
collected my red precision cooker from fedex office this morning. i pledged us$149 and had to pay us$69 in custom duties. it certainly feels like an industrial grade device. couldn't find apps for both ios & andriod. will have to make do with pinterest app for now.
the app would be nice, but the unit is totally functional without it. turn it on, set temp with the dial and go.
update for anyone else keeping an eye on fulfillment. recevied today 12/29, shipped 12/22. backer 5250 early bird v. singapore 220v black.
not sure why there was such a rush to ship units that won't function w/o software/apps (android).  you should have just held off on shipping them imho.  it's just a paperweight at this point :-(
still no android app and our household has no ios devices. got the black version instead of the red one i ordered. #fail  :-p
received my red anova precision cooker last friday and just now received anova's gift which really surprised me.  thank you to both anova team and mr. jeff wu for the gift and the big surprise.  :d
i too am curious about the app. if i turn on bluetooth nothing shows up on the list of discoverable devices on my phone.
"anova precision cooker - cook sous vide with your phone" this is the title of this kickstarter campaign. but anova has been vague at best (and mostly silent) about the app status for android, and only slightly less so for ios. what. is. going. on. with. the. apps?
after a week of sitting in memphis, mine is finally at stansted in the uk now! maybe i will get it before new year! backer 1632, uk plug
how do i get the printed manual that others are receiving?
did a 63 degree sous vide egg as a litmus test and it came out absolutely perfect. thank you anova! you have a very satisfied backer here. can't wait to use it on steaks!
it's working, it's working :d i'm doing a temperature test
it's here! am checking it out :d
just collected mine from fedex center. -malaysia. thanks
@chris norman. sure did got it friday the 20th in the end.
@matt stone mine's been in memphis since last saturday! have you got yours yet?
@steve sebban: this is a non-chamber vacuum machine. if you want to add liquids, like oil, soft butter, broth or stock to your food, this won't work. a workaround is to freeze these and slice of chunks, add them to the pouch and then quickly vacuum it. otherwise the liquid will be sucked out of the bag.
arrived yesterday in scotland - very excited
my units are on the fedex truck! (5 units - backer 8,200 something) now's time to get a vacuum sealer. i want to purchase the sous vide vacuum sealer sv3000 (http://amzn.to/1yojgxf) does someone use it or have any other recommandations? (must be european 220v)
i supported on may 13th (no sign of my backer id anywhere that i could find) and my order for two 240v units shipped to the uk on 22nd - looking forward to getting them but too late for christmas. i asked whether black and white could be changed to red and white, but no reply and they've shipped black and white. i've asked again - hopefully this time support will reply.
i haven't received mine, i wrote via the contact section last week as well.  would someone please contact me?
great work to expedite everything, but could someone at anova at least address the corrosion issues raised in the community fora?
my order had a label created on dec 2 but no movement since. sent an email to anova yesterday and they are shipping my units out on the 26th. don't know where they went wrong but glad for a speedy reply and will be happy when some activity happens on my new tracking number.
it has been a month since your update said "next week" for a detailed status update on the app. as you can see in these comments, that is the piece many of us are looking for now. communication on this to your customers would be greatly appreciated. we are the group of people that, pending our experience this time, would be first in line to back anova in future crowdsourced r&d efforts. please consider the benefits of open communication with this group of people.
thanks, team anova, was able to pick up my 2 units from fedex in au today. christmas eve dinner plans were rapidly changed - and i have one of the units happily chugging away right now. merry christmas to you.
@anova thanks so much i have received my pledge of 2 units shipped to australia today 24/12/2014 well packaged very nice perfect christmas present and timing was perfect, est delivery 29th thanks fedex, i was backer #10310 cheers
can't see which backer number i am(was one of the early bird levels) , but red 220v australian plug just arrived today... did a quick power up and water test without issue...
anyone know what is the gift that anova mentioned in update# 22?
@lester luo, any plastic film will have an edge to it, where it stops and uncovered screen continues. so, if you are, like me, of poor eyesight, take the magnifying glass and look near the edges of the screen. if you see the film, don't try to lift it using anything sharp, use the edge of the credit card or something else made of plastic. the sticky tape may not be enough.
@n. horsthuis, the people you're gifting this device to should be happy with all the love and care you give them daily. the cooker should be just one of many tokens of your love. unless, this one piece was the only way for them to see that you actually care.
thanks anova for not delivering in-time for christmas, even when i asked your support it assured me it would arrive. this was a gift and now they will be left disappointed. not only did i only receive a dispatch notification yesterday, it has since been updated as canceled on the fedex tracking website. what is going on?
is it too late to change my shipping my address?
backer #7429 surf & turf ii (balck & red) 220v au plug shipped today, estimated 2/1/2014 so, in the new year i guess...
@marie-andree poisson, i did receive a manual along with my device. @henry fitch and @slobodan tabakovich, is that plastic film on the display really hard to remove and has no edges to distinguish it? my display seems scratch up and i'm wondering if there is a plastic film. i did try pastng a piece of tape on it to try and lift it off but nothing seemed to give
backer #8403  australia  surf & turf i (red/red), 220v au plug shipped today, arriving 30/12
i have the exact same issue as marky mark.  fedex label created and estimated ship date says 12/2 but fedex never received the package.  looks like i'm giving people pictures of what they will get.
anova: app update???
anova, we're really ready for some news on the apps front.
just got an e-mail saying my order has just been shipped to the uk. (#6286 early bird iv)
#4935 early bird v 220v uk plug shipping label printed today woo hoo
backer #6937  canada red/white anovas have arrived at location (not sure if it helps)
backer #9985 - shipped date was 12/2/2014 and i still haven't gotten mine.  a label was created but that's been the status ever since.  i was hoping to try it for christmas but even that seems like a lost cause.
being an early backer (founder's club) i figured i would have received an email by now.  i have not, and it wasn't until i logged in to kickstarter this morning that i saw a banner saying a survey was waiting for me.  seems it's been waiting since june 23.  anyway, i filled it out for my 110v black unit, now i'll wait.  i am surprised at the lack of email and/or followup.  backers are your fans who trusted you - be nicer, please.  getting the app situation sorted would be great.
dear anova folks. it'd be seriously awesome if you updated us once in a while on the app status for android, windows phone, and ios. this post of yours is a month old and i can't find anything more recent.
backer #6070, black 220v in australia.  nice packaging and equipment feel and works precisely doing my 'special' scrambled eggs ( 73 degrees for 45 mins ).  i did notice some discoloration and rust spots on the water sensor probe after the first use as per the discussion on the anova forums.
backer no 8926 :( bet it's gonna be another few months
@edward, id recommend emailing anova i had the same issue but within a week i got mine after emailing them.
well just had my first steaks out of the anova and i'm well impressed the steaks were far better than my home made suis vide effort it must be keeping temp much more steady than mine and without vacuum the steaks were perfect med rare and tender. the anovas circulation is very good and i was surprised how quickly it heats up the water. the clip was very solid as well. the screen is surprising high quality, bright and contrast is strong. the only thing that i found the was negative was the cumbersome way to swap between temperature and time control instead of having to press and hold to get the time option it would have been much better just to have the option present on screen all the time to simply press and set. at the moment if you press and hold the start button to long it annoyingly changes between c and f display. you have to time it right to get the temp control instead of the change temp display. which was a poor design  choice in my opinion thats going to be a bit fustrating.
i got a shipping email on december 4th, but i've never received anything, and the tracking details have never updated. can someone provide me with an update?
add me to the list of people wanting an update on the app (especially because i have a unit that is probably not calibrated correctly, and i'm about to give it to my wife)
backer #9642, red 220v. fulfilled today. estimated delivery, january 5th. not a bad delay, kind of expected.
i did this on my first try with the anova; http://imgur.com/r7gooyg
is there a release date for the iphone app? also, got my cooker - it's amazing :)
forget to mention, i am backer# 13.
finally, just received my shipping notification from anova. mine is 220v, red colour and uk plug.
@anova, an update on the apps would be in order! i hope the precision cooker is not another case of hardware witout software!
@todd i don't think that nobody is getting a user manual in the package. it can be downloaded at https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203458290-anova-precision-cooker-user-manual
any recommendation for a vessel with a closable cover? ideally at amazon.
surf and turf uk arrived yesterday looks amazing much more compact than the home built one i've been using. will try it today with steaks and let you know the  result.
my unit has a calibration issue, and apparently i can either send it back or wait for the android app, is that correct?  where the heck is the app?  and where is the printed user manual?  why are some getting manuals and some are not?
@luke burdack - it's worth it - the red is pimp.
@ingmar guillaume you'll have to wait for a while to get an official android app, or you can take a look at anova remote (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…) which would fill the gap for a while (or might become even more useful than an official one whenever the later is released). there is also a google+ community for the users and potential users (https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/116555020273635904730).
i was supposed to get mine today.  the driver must have went to the wrong house because i was home. online it says the tried to deliver but no one home.  there is no pick up spot where i live.  i am leaving tomorrow for two weeks so they will try to deliver on monday and since i will not be there, they will send it back to texas.  i have no idea what to do about this.  suggestions?
i've been talking with your support who have assured me that i will receive it in time for christmas. it is a gift for a family member and i still haven't had a dispatch email and i live in the uk. now i can't get anybody to reply to my email. please can you sort this out?
@anders jakobsen i think you are misunderstanding how most pid temperature controllers are implemented. omega have an excellent article about temperature control that explains the difference between on-off, proportional, and pid control. pay particular attention to the parts about time proportional output vs. amplitude proportional output. commercial pid temperature controllers typically use time proportional output (essentially very slow pwm) because it works perfectly well for this sort of thing and provides extremely fine control and precision without any extra cost and complications. your pid controller may have different tuning parameters and switching frequency, but you are almost certainly running it in a pulsed external ssr output configuration like every other person using a diy pid controller setup for sous vide. http://www.omega.com/temperature/z/pdf/z110-114.pdf
so, there's 4 buisness days left until xmas. how are you supposed to send a red 220v so quickly? i guess i am going to have to cook with fire and steel on xmas day.  d:
i did my first cook today with some prime filet... the results are outstanding, it is perfectly cooked all the way thru... sous vide is amazing, anova delivers!
@chris birkett. no. a “true” pid has variable output. even the cheapo pid i have used in my home-brewed sous vide setup (pid, temperature probe and rice cooker) until now has variable output while anova opted for fast on-off switching instead. now i don´t claim that the anova is using a simple thermostat solution, it is clearly not because a) it would not switch as often as it does and b) it would never be able to achieve a steady temperature within a suitable narrow band. the unit is clearly using some variation of pid (pid, pi, pd) to compute the output but instead of, say, giving 75% output at a certain point in time it outputs something like 100% for 0.75 seconds and 0% for 0.25 seconds (or some small variation of it). as i wrote, i am not claiming it makes a real life difference on the quality of the output that counts (your food) as the temperature of the immersion heater doesn´t have time to change much between the switches, the variance in the temperature of the water much less so and surely even less for the temperature of the food. but it is different than variable output models and i am looking forward to measure what difference in water temperature stability it translates to (most likely next to nil)
so looks like mine didn't get changed from white to black, so that's possibly the reason for the delay. anyway mine is showing as shipped now, and is showing as in transit in houston, estimated delivery 30th dec. backer 1632, white, uk plug. maybe i'll get to do those sous vide smoked sirloin steaks for new year after all...
so looks like mine didn't get changed from white to black, so that's possibly the reason for the delay. anyway mine is showing as shipped now, and is showing as in transit in houston, estimated delivery 30th dec. backer 1632, white, uk plug. maybe i'll get to do those sous vide smoked sirloin steaks for new year after all...
date/time  activity	                                             location 12/18/2014 - thursday 10:49 am	  at local fedex facility		                     edmonton, ab 10:26 am	 at local fedex facility		                      edmonton, ab 9:35 am	shipment exception		                      edmonton international airport, ab held, cleared regulatory agency(s) after aircraft/truck departed 9:35 am	international shipment release - import	edmonton international airport, ab 9:33 am	in transit		                                        edmonton international airport, ab package available for clearance 7:44 am	at destination sort facility		        edmonton international airport, ab 5:16 am	in transit		                                        memphis, tn 5:03 am	departed fedex location		                        memphis, tn 12/17/2014 - wednesday 2:02 pm	in transit		                                        memphis, tn 3:12 am	clearance delay - import		                        edmonton international airport, ab 12/16/2014 - tuesday 3:13 pm	picked up		houston, tx 12/15/2014 - monday 4:39 pm	shipment information sent to fedex this is the journey of my anova this week.  unfortunately, it missed the truck today but it is still showing delivery for tomorrow.  i have my fingers crossed.  i read up on the distribution hub in memphis and get the whole process now.  it came to canada, cleared customs then went back to memphis to be sorted and put on the right plane to canada to connect with a delivery truck.  with millions of packages being sent, this is probably the most cost effective way to do it even though when you look at it, it does not make sense.
@anders jakobsen that is exactly how pid control of heating elements works. the resistance of the element is fixed, so it's either on or off; the pid controller switches the power quickly to maintain the set temperature. there is no variable wattage.
hmm, still waiting for any notification i guess, all i see is "unfulfilled" on the anova site. have people been receiving postage notifications? just wondering because i see other aussie backers with lower backer number's getting theirs and like people are saying, seems to be random based on backer number. i am #7429, surf & turf ii maybe because i bought two items...or maybe because i chose red for one? yeah, damn you red...
received my fedex shipping tracking number on 12/2... but when going to the fedex site to check tracking it shows as if only the label was printed but never sent... 16 days after!!!... big disappointment... obviously it will miss my christmas tree as i was planning of taking it with me abroad... amazing miscommunication...
got mine today. a black and a white 220 europlug. six days for delivery to denmark. surf and turf ii, relative high backing # the units are of higher build and material quality than expected. and i for one is happy about the choice of materials (thick stainless steel skirt, nice feel to the coloured plastic part, nice bright display, good feel to the wheel etc.) the only thing so far on design and materials is the screw fastening the unit to the container/pot: when fastened on thin materials like a smallish stainless steel pot the screw has no thread left so the anova is not as secured as one would have liked it to be. but it is not a practical problem. when it comes to the temperature functionality half a degree steps are enough for any home cook. the 0.1 degree indicators are merely to ensure good information feedback and make it possible for us to ensure that the temperature keeps within a satisfying narrow band. it is much more important for a home cook that (s)he can make sure that the temperatures aren´t fluctuating between 57.0 and 58.0 when making your steak than it is to be able to choose temperatures in between 57.0 and 57.5. what i notice is that the cooker doesn´t seem to be using classic pid controller with variable wattage but rely on binary (on-off) control of the immersion heater. it switches several times a second when near the chosen temperature, thats a good sign since higher temporal resolution gives more stable temperatures but i wonder how well on-off control is compared to a pid setup (i can´t do a controlled experiment until i have access to a precision thermometer) and if the constant switching has implications on the longevity of the unit. but even so the unit is a steal for the price and quality. now i only regret not getting the red version instead of the white: cheap red plastics look even cheaper but i imagine with the high quality of the plastics the red version is the best looking.
ignore me.. i am an idiot who didn't read the manual...
i got mine for use in the us, but the temp is in celsius, not f? is that normal?
got mine today (backer 10459). looks nice and works perfectly (i have a roner but this is a lot cheaper). yet i do have a few design remarks: the "glass" is actually plastic, and there was no protective cover on it. in a kitchen, this is bound to be melted, scratched, damaged .... in some way very soon. using gorilla glass would probably have been a better approach (more expensive of course) the knob "dials" in at 0.5 degrees c. why not in 0.1 degrees c? the readout temp is in tenths. the fixing pads (adjusted by fixation screws) should have been rectangular. that would have increased the grip on either pot or anova cylinder. now, the device is a bit loose. all considering, this device is definitely worth its money. i hope the android app will soon be released.
got my 220v. tested in singapore. impressive device!!
fedex says they are at stanstead. getting nearer \o/
same here! no charges nor fees...
received mine yesterday #4293, 220v, germany. unit is looking absolutely amazing and seems to be well made. shipping only took 5 days to germany. i didn't have the opportunity to try it yet, but looking forward to have a first try tomorrow.
received mine today in germany, #4163 black 220v. came with instructions too, think i must be the first person to receive actual hard copy instructions?! what a nice looking product. mine came defaulted to celcius. took 7 days with fedex, not too bad at all this close to christmas. no mention of import charges yet....
@val for some reason, mine unit's fedex tracking showed this : houston, tx >  richmond, bc >  memphis, tn >  vancouver, bc >  richmond, bc >  vancouver, bc (received) the whole process from houston to vancouver took only 3 days (inclusive)... i think i was lucky..
anyone from canada order and followed the tracking. mine was in houston, then edmonton (i live 3 hours from edmonton) and now it is in memphis, tn! i got ahold of customer service last week and asked about my order. they told me that is was shipped already and gave me a tracking number. three days later, i got an email with a different tracking number. i need it for friday as i am heading out of town and it is a present. when i got the first tracking number i figured i would have it for sure (that lucky person got their's on the 9th). the second tracking number had a delivery date for friday so i was still good. i saw it was in edmonton and figured everything was okay. tonight i look at it has gone to memphis. things don't look great anymore. is there anyone else that ordered from alberta out there that got theirs yet? if you have, can you look at the tracking information and let me know if the detour to memphis is normal. if it is, how many days from when it went to memphis was it until you got it. i really only have tomorrow to shop for a replacement gift if this is not going to get here in time.
@todd meyers, i used *dangerously* sharp nakiri knife. 8^)
app update, please!
@ed taranto, app is not available yet.
i can't find the app or any information about it
mine arrived set up as celsius, but an easy change either way
@earnesto i think the machine is shipped with the fahrenheit setting. i changed mine to celsius by holding down the play/start button for 3 seconds (per instructions manual).
got the replacement for my defective anova and tested it today - works great. thanks for excellent customer service.
received today. packaging is awesome.  surprised at how big box was.  and unit has a nice weight and feel to it.  also came with a manual which surprised me.  really want the app now though
hey guys quick q, does the machine comes stock with the celcius setting?
wow, just received mine (220v black), can't wait to try it. shipment was fast from us to eu, quite some money charged for vat and fees :(
@chris norman speak of the devil. fedex site just updated.  it's still in memphis. has been since last thursday! now left the facility and is in transit,  wonder where too... backer around 8000, uk plug. btw not having a moan about anova at all here. just wondering why my stuff is hanging around in a fedex warehouse for so long!
uk plugs are on the move by the look of it. great!  backer #4936 early bird v black 220v uk plug , but no shipping notification yet
my unit arrived in singapore.  will try it over the weekend.  have a blessed christmas & best wishes to everyone!
just received mine from fedex. black 220v, uk plug. testing this weekend!
@matt stone; what backer number are you? uk plug? what colour?
hello, i received mine yesterday, very well and the tests i've done shows an excellent temperature stability now waiting for iphone app and all will be perfect.
mine's due to be delivered today (estimated), fedex tracking still shows 'in transit' in memphis last update on saturday.  guessing it's in customs black hole or something? or it will have to travel pretty fast to get to the uk ;)
#10924 fedex just delivered mine to me here in dubai!  what will i cook tonight?
picked up my 3 pack and my pre-order today. man, the red is nice. wish i'd got another one of those. wow.
@kevin willock - it's only been six months...?
it appears to follow the reward level. so if you're in early bird 4 even if your backer number is higher than someone in early bird 5 you'll get it earlier.
#9803 aussie plug 220v received today, so i guess i'm happy in the end, still can't understand the complete lack of communication and the seemingly haphazard order of delivery.
i just received my black one in hong kong (220v) - backer #3865 - shipped on sunday, arrived wednesday. will test it tonight. pretty disappointed that the promised apps aren't available a year and a half after funding!
fedex nearly returned my package to sender as anova didn't provide my surname or phone number to them...australia btw
i have backer id #5. ordered red color 220 volt eu plug. emailed anova several times but still no response of when it will be shipped. frustrated...
i have backer id #5. ordered red color 220 volt eu plug. emailed anova several times but still no response of when it will be shipped. frustrated...
anova rocks! :)
yay, got ahold of anova, will see what they can do :)
how is the progress on the app coming along? has it been submitted to the app store yet?
is anova responding to anyone else? i've sent 3 messages about fedex losing my anova package, and they have not replied yet.. :(
dec 2nd shipping label created and still no updates. emails have been ignored and the only action taken so far is deleting of social media posting i have made on their page. there are no words to describe how annoyed i am with anova.
wow! @low chong hung! and there was me at #1632 feeling left out :( anova! get this guy his unit now dammit! (and feel free to send mine too please ;)
backer #13, still no news, no shipping notification. red color, 220v and uk plug.
got mine today. delivery was less than 5 days to germany. backer #89**
finally after a long long wait and countless encounters with a subpar, extremely under staffed customer service my unit has arrived. now i anxiously await my fedex bill and the ios app. backer #1903, uk/ireland plug @220v. good luck to all backers still awaiting theirs. happy sous vide'ing!
my 2 cents on the shipping the shipping is random! given the comments below of those who received and those who haven't, you can see the huge disparity in backer nos (this is irregardless of whether it is  110/220 or color) there are cases where backer no #10,000~ has received their units, and there are also pre-orders that received theirs (nee) before say fabrice whose comment below states he is backer #708 who just received his unit. it's really a crapshoot! anova isn't practising what they claim they will be doing on their own website. from anova website "we will be fulfilling all delayed units to our kickstarter backers first. we anticipate having a batch of about 1,000 220v units (about 1/3 of their total order) fulfilled later this month in advance of the upcoming january fulfillment date; and moving forward, our kickstarter units will be fulfilled before all others. these are not orders from amazon, or anywhere else. these are orders that came from kickstarter backers first, and then pre-orders - only from anovaculinary.com. " i have recently finally decide to file a support ticket in light that being "respectful, patient, nice and considerate" really means you will not be seeing a unit any time soon.  i did get a generic reply saying that units will be shipped by xmas (whatever that means) i'm backer #6283 here's hoping for small miracles that everyone gets their units.
that's good news @fabrice! maybe we'll start getting some delivered to uk! backer #1632
just received by white 220v unit in paris (france) this morning. backer #708.
@venkat  without the app you can't connect over bluetooth to the device. and you shouldn't be able. the precision cooker doesn't implement any predefined protocol - you can't play music on it, or print with it, or exchange files with it. if you don't have an app to control anova, what the connection would even mean? the bluetooth works, don't worry. there are ios demo apps (not available on app store) and an android app (temporarily suspended from google play by clerical error) which work with anova. just wait little more for anova to publish their app.
just got my shipping notice today (after posting about it,,, either great coincidence, or good watching of the comment section by the anova team,  either way,  i'm now awaiting its arrival!!)
just used my anova unit, the salmon came out great better than many expensive restaurants i had eaten at. one thing i would request the team iphone 4s, iphone 5c do not seem to connect bluetooth to the device. am i missing something maybe i will also try out the iphone 6. any help in this regard is helpful.
i just got my two anova units red and black. i have iphone 4s and iphone 5 both could not connect to the device. any one know if there is a problem here. anova website is very scant on this topic.
@zhe wei sim: they skipped some backers because they didn't have stock of the one they ordered.
@ todd meyers the sansaire feels exactly like it is - a huge plastic tower with a little bit of technology inside.  the anova feels much more solidly-built and robust. the clip on the sansaire is too thin and doesn't feel secure enough, the plastic backplate is needlessly fiddly and the metal grate on the bottom of the whole thing is nigh-on impossible to reattach and looks like someone cut it out of sheet metal with tin snips. i loved the performance of the sansaire (i had three) but it's foibles were so off-putting i ended up selling them on and buying into the anova.  if only it'd bloody well get here! oh, and as for the comment i made about the volume of water, that was said more in confusion than anything.  it shouldn't matter what volume of water providing it's within tolerance, right?!
i'm backer #8589 and still haven't received mine nor received any updates on when will receive. how come #9502 already received? is this still supposed to arrive before xmas?
@dotcodotuk i prefer the footprint of the anova, but that's it.  i don't see how it's more robust than the sansaire.  as for needing less water volume to operate efficiently, i was only using 2 gallons of water, and it's rated to handle much more than that. i still want the long-promised bluetooth app (i apparently can't resolve my calibration issues without it) and a printed manual.
i received mine today (surf and turf black eu #9502 ) i can't wait to try it. for everyone in update 18 there is a link to the manual.
@dotcodotuk don't despair, mine is now in transit, i've received the shipping notice saturday. meanwhile, i've been cooking with my v1 ;-)
received my red 120 thursday.  made mahi mahi tacos saturday.  eh, tasty but had to microwave to finish up.  no manual and no ios app aren't helping either.
@ todd meyers i think the anova is a superior product in many ways to the sansaire (better design, more robustly built, more adjustability, easier to clean, etc) but there's no doubt the sansaire heats and holds the water temperature more effectively - with the heating aspect not really being a huge surprise given the increase wattage. that said, the anova is very effective with a smaller volume of water.  the one i've borrowed from a friend needs to be set to +1.5º in a 10l container to hit the right temperature but seems to be pretty spot-on when used in a 5l container.
@ fabrice rossi not that i'm aware of.  there are eight white 220v models expected from just within the group of people i sent the ks to, all of us having pledged at the founders club level. doubt we'll see them this side of 2015.
backer #6937 no e-mail about delievery yet... canadian with red anova.
fedex lost my package with the anova... ugggg they claim they delivered it, but i never got it...
should read... today. i reprinted the label and will put it on the unit itself.
@robert stickles ... yes same problem on the 2nd... i emailed anova and got this response..today. i reprinted the label and will put it on the unit itself.  anova culinary  281.980.1236 www.anovaculinary.com the shipment went out the next day.
got my ks unit and my preorder on the same day....now to try them out.
backer #10483.  i recieved a fedex shipping notice on dec 2 but the fedex site is showing 'label created' but not ready to ship?  why has this been hanging for nearly two weeks?  anyone else with this issue?
@michael, the sansaire also performs better (i posted my issues here after my first cook; it took forever to come up to temp, and only did so after i manually set the temp too high, vs. the rock-solid sansaire, which heats surprisingly quickly).  i realize the sansaire is a more expensive product with better specs, so perhaps that's expected.  other than being cheaper, the only advantages the anova has are promises which haven't been met.
backer #2557 received today in honolulu, hawaii!
@todd meyers - that's odd, i've done the exact opposite and recommended the anova because it's a solid product. but i've been trying to be empathetic to the challenges of a massive product launch with a much higher response than they likely anticipated. the ads for discounts are a strong marketing method for them to ensure future sales are in the pipeline while the hype is still high. that being said, the hacker sdk was not something that affected me. i still believe that a bluetooth app is coming and that we, as "pre-buyers", essentially, have access to the device itself prior to the (and what will likely be an essentially useless because, really, i can set the temperature and press start myself) app is available. i guess it's just two sides of the same coin. i'm focused on a high value and highly usable product with less concern for minor quibbles that don't affect the actual use of the product.
@slobodan, how did you trim your cambro lid cutout so neatly?
i have a sansaire from that kickstarter, and now this anova.  two coworkers asked for my recommendation recently and purchased sansaire units.  i told them i can't recommend anova because of too many broken promises.  no sdk for the hacker backers, no bluetooth app, no printed manual, no communication in weeks, all the online ads for $30 off while full-paying backers are still waiting for shipment.  it all creates a disappointing negative impression even if the device is wonderful, which is a shame.  two lost sales so far in my circle of friends.
@slobodan, i had not! no offense taken at all, thank you so much for the tip. that is one persistent plastic film, when i started to pick at the edges to peel it off i was seriously worried i might just be clawing divots in the screen. :d btw my backer number is #3281 and i received my beautiful red 120v on 12/11/14.
jumping a few thousands here. notification of shipment for backer #10459, belgium 220v, black.
backer #  #6436, just received both of mine today, it's beautiful!   san francisco, bay area.
backer #6075 uk 220v black. just received email from anova to say my item has been shipped.  :-)
@andrew same here, no instructions booklet inside/outside of tube, nor inside of shipping box. and no info to tell you download yourself... :( anyway... here it is : https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203458290-anova-precision-cooker-user-manual
received machine but no manual. i looked in the tube and the shipping box. can this be sent separately?
anyone have anyidea when apps ready for us?
@ katherine this is a winner setup, i have run it for 3 days straight without having to add a single drop of water, water couldn't evaporate enough for me to notice it: http://www.mediafire.com/view/2v18dbrvq4btuke/fullsizerender.jpg
@katherine, it is very important to cover the cooking vessel as completely as possible. reasons: water evaporates the faster the higher the temperature, basic physics. any cooking over an extended period of time may cause the water level to drop below the safe level and shut off the unattended device (you are at work, for instance). evaporation is the main cause of the energy loss, evaporation draws the heat from the body of water that's evaporating, in this case your cooking liquid. fully covering it, you'll save a measurable amount of money and prevent the loss of the cooking water (and unwanted shutdowns which would ruin your food). last, covering a vessel with water hot enough to evaporate prevents the vapor from escaping and retains the heat it would have carried away, in the vessel. thus, when you cover the cooking vessel, the temperature will rise because the circulator has previously adjusted itself for a different, uncovered, rate of heat loss. don't worry, it will re-adjust to the new heat loss rate and lower the temperature back to the setting you made soon enough not to spoil your cooking in any way, you don't have to do anything to assure that, just to be patient and wait a few minutes. walking away from the device does wonders for that, you know the saying: the watched kettle never boils (or cools, in this case). 8^)
@henry f. i apologize if i inadvertently offend you, but, have you removed the thin, transparent, sticky plastic protector that's overlaid over the screen?
got my red unit yesterday! works great, carrots were delicious and steak was pretty good (although i learned i need to shell out for thicker steaks to get the full effect). one quibble -- the face plate / screen on mine is pretty visibly scratched up. not a functional issue, but it's a shame it doesn't look pristine.
i have a question how someone can help me.  i used my anova for the 2nd time using 175f degree and the water seems to evaporate faster than at lower temp.  i tried to cover half the pot with a lid hoping i could prevent some of the evaporation.  when i do this, the anova temperature actually went up passed my set desired temp.  i am not sure if it would adjust the temp back down to the desired temp.  does anyone cover the cooking vessel and the unit maintains the desired temp?
@adam symonds  i'm pretty sure my dev unit anova which shipped fedex was delivered locally by auspost/star trak, so should be their standard procedure for missed delivery (pickup from nearest auspost dc). btw, my backer number is in the 6200's for a black 220v au, and haven't received notification yet. so who knows what order they are being shipped in.
did someone received a white 220v already? i'm backer #708...
just a quick note regarding the app: i'm really not missing it right now. i've prepared ~15ish meal components from veg to meat and lobster with it so far, and i haven't found setting the temperature with the wheel and pressing 'start' any issue at all. the only point where i can imagine the app to be useful is to get a signal when the anova has gotten to the right temperature, but the pretty loud beep when that happens isn't all that hard to miss in the first place. on a sidenote: yesterday's fennel risotto with butter poached lobster was utterly amazing. best lobster i've ever had.
i am living in singapore... i have not even received any shipping notice....
@willwill sansaire - 1000w, anova - 800w  by the laws of physics sansaire should heat water faster. however using any of them as water heater is somewhat strange: mix equal amounts of boiling water and tap hot water - and you'll get your 167 degrees. (this is for standard, child-proof, hot tap water at 120 - in real life hot tap water might be significantly hotter to start with).
i also just got my shipping notification. i had already resigned myself to the fact that the goose would get a good old fashioned roasting this year but now things are looking up! #4163, germany. feeling very bad for the earlier backers who haven't received theirs yet, fingers crossed for you guys.
i received my fedex notification a few hours ago for those following along.  black 220v au plug - #6876. said it's estimated for next thursday. fingers crossed, i go away for christmas holidays from the friday onwards. any know know how fedex (in australia) handles packages that cannot be delivered for weeks?
i see that all of the units will be fulfilled by christmas.  i've never received any notification of a shipping label or confirmation of my address.  i was backer 623  so i was thinking i'd have been fulfilled by now.  thanks for any information.
ouch, received an extra invoice from customs for import and duties: 35 euro to receive the anova in the netherlands. be aware friends.
waiting on an app i don't have to pay for. just listed one of my circulators on ebay. i also noticed this doesn't heat the water as fast as my sansaire. like it took a long time to get to 167degrees last night.
@joe - im in the same situation. really frustrating!
just received my red one. now i'm waiting for the iphone app. any more news on this.
still no movement on the order... shipping label was created over a week ago.
@loner1200: i think you're the first australian i've seen get theirs! i'm also black 220v au plug but backer #4814 so i still got a bit to wait.
@daniel - yours probably went out with a whole lot of other reds that shipped yesterday... but yours just had to be driven across town! it's a lot to deliver.  delays are normal in kickstarter, especially kickstarters that get over-pledged by orders of magnitude.  better communication would still be nice.
i just received my red anova. packaging is great. instruction manual is outside the tube. the red color is nice. hopefully the android app is coming out very soon. time for grocery and test it out! btw i am surprised by the delivery, its way faster than i expected. i am backer ~10800, which is almost the last backers in this project, but i pledged early bird iv. also, i am ordering red color. i lived in houston tx, which is their hq, maybe that is why. i know this company is working very hard to deliver the best for the backers. (10500 backers in 6 months period is crazy)
i received my anovas (i backed this project for 2), one black and one red, yesterday!  i have not yet had a chance to test them.  i opened the red one and everything seems to work great.  the instruction manual was in the shipping box, not the tube product packaging itself (i missed it at first). the only very minor problem i have noticed is that the clamp adjustment handle is scrapped up on the inside (the face of the wheel that would end of facing the pot) not sure if this was a production problem or what.  it appears to be a minor finish problem which should have no effect on product usefulness, assuming the paint does not perform a function beyond aesthetics (such as rust prevention). just an annoyance on an otherwise stunning product.
my ks unit has shipped as well, it had a label made a day later than my preorder, and is currently 4 hours behind my preordered unit. next monday is looking to be a good day.
regarding the app, this was a statement made on the community page by someone who has not been confirmed to be a staff member and has made no other posts: "unfortunately, the app has been delayed. here's the current schedule: the iphone app will be released 12/1 - 12/15; the android app is scheduled to be released 12/15 - 12/30; and the windows app is due out 1/15. please note that this schedule is subject to change, however, we're doing our best with our development efforts to hit these dates." i agree a -kickstarter- update with this information and more about shipping progress and etc is way overdue.
anova, an update on ios (and android) app would be very nice at this time. we're all sitting at the edge of our seats, regardless whether we're waiting for the device or to hear about the apps and their availability.
so happy to receive it on dec10, i like it's beautiful packaging. thank you anova teams for sending it before the christmas with such fantastic product.
#3524 220v au plug red+black still pending
@schloey received shipping notification last wednesday with fedex tracking.
@loner1200 had you received shipping notification?
black 220v au plug received today backer 2240+
@rae  the voltaggio chicken thighs were easy and amazing!
well, mine finally shipped today (backer #6055, red 120v). i both got notification and fedex (eventually) said they picked it up.
@timothy, the voltaggio chicken thigh recipe was the first thing i cooked when i got the anova one last year. delicious! backer #6000, and fedex says my red and white units are due to be delivered tomorrow. :-)
i got mine yesterday. 1 red and one black.  i'm in the us and was backer 5392. the red one rattles after it's been on for an hour.  is anyone else having this problem?  it's 1.2 degrees off, but that's not a big deal because i know this.  when will the app come out? amazing beef tenderloins last night.  trying the voltaggio chicken thigh recipe on williams-sonoma tonight.
not sure how many projects everyone has backed on kickstarter. but the fact that anyone has gotten a unit at all at this point i look at as a miracle.  i have never backed a project that came even close to hitting a promised date.  i have gotten my units already, they work quite nicely.  i am just waiting on the app.
i also wonder if it may be a function of the smaller heating element. i'm not sure how much 800w can be expected to heat, reasonably. they say 4-5 gallons so i'm sure my 7qt cambro shouldn't be a problem. hopefully the app will deal with it.
they're claiming that calibration when the app is released will fix those problems.  we will see.
i should clarify that by "fluctuate a lot" i mean up/down by about 1 degree c. i actually had it set at 76 because i think i'm coming in about 1c lower on settings and so it was at 75, then it would bump up to 77 and go up and down like that.
@sei youn neumahr - i really don't see what the problem is with anova sending out emails for pre-orders without having shipped your unit yet. you don't think a company should be thinking ahead about their customer demand and manufacturing? as an aside, i don't love the heating at higher temps. i was doing 75c today for scrambled eggs and it seems to fluctuate a lot. hopefully the app will help with calibration. admittedly, i have one of the earlier units that they shipped out, so i have some calibration issues.
yay, just wanted to update that i received my units today!  so the fedex tracking must not be working.  so everyone that received a 12/2 fedex tracking number should receive theirs soon (hopefully).
count me in the group of individuals that got a shipping email on 12/2 and has a status stuck in label printed. this is very unprofessional.
i received my anova yesterday in toronto, ontario. the product looks great. it came in a very well  designed package. i have not had the chance to use it but out if the projects i have backed this is definitely  one of the quality ones. the only downside is i got hit with a customs fee when i went to pick it up.
so i've emailed anova (again) asking for an update. here's what i got: jona (anova culinary) dec 08 07:36 pm hi chris, upon checking with our shipping team, it should ship early next week. thanks for your continued support and patience. best, jona de guzman anova culinary, llc it's encouraging, but i'm definitely not going to be holding my breath! backer #1632, uk 220v model
@katherine im in the exact same situation. at this point between the terrible lack of updates, poor communications, and just the overall ineptitude shown by anova has made me regret backing this kickstarter. to add insult to injury would be the repeated emails i been getting from anova for preordering when not all the backers have received their units.
yes, the current offering that ends tomorrow is specifically stating that the circulators are sold out and therefore won't be delivered until next year. they're just basically loading up their order line so that they have a continuous supply chain running for awhile. i think this is a good indication that there is a substantial profit margin in the devices themselves as the continued willingness to sell them for $30 off when they really don't need to is...interesting. either that, or there's a fundamental flaw with the device that they're hoping can be worked out after the fact or that they need to offload the inventory so that when they all break, we'll be addicted and will buy the latest and greatest version that incorporated all of the wifi options that so many people wanted.
in their defense: the email sent today did not promise a -circulator- for christmas. it promised an empty gift box you could give your loved one with the intent to fill it with the circulator when it arrives. other than that, the fact they're shipping 'pre-orders' at discounts while backers are still waiting is kind of obnoxious.  but it seems in many cases, they're shipping pre-orders that don't directly compete with the lines backers are waiting on. still obnoxious.
how can anova send emails saying non-backers will recieve their own unit by christmas (if you order now) and get a $30 discount. when they have not even shipped many kickstarter backers (mine included) orders? should anova not also offer all backers $30 refund (per unit ordered) as a token of appreciation of our patience in the face of their incompetence?!
still waiting on 220v hope to get it soon!
12-1 through 12/15 is all they could say as when the time expected launch of the app would be
can we get an update on when the app will be available?
i'm confident i'll get mine eventually. i'd only be mildly grumbly at the chaos of shipping orders if they'd communicate better with us. see, for instance, mine was previously promised to have shipped by saturday the 6th. they've put a notice about the situation (though it doesn't actually give me any kind of new timeline) on the community page - but not actually acknowledged the situation here. (hopefully they will eventually... but it shouldn't be even a day later.)
sometimes i wonder if the orders are all just in a big bucket and they're grabbing handfuls and shipping them by whatever they grab. or maybe there's some sort of reverse alphabetical by postal code theme going...? i dunno, but my remaining 5 (1x 3pack via kickstarter, 1x pre-order to me in blaine, wa and 1x pre-order to my friend in vegas) are all shipped and in transit now via fedex and showing thursday as estimated delivery. i acknowledge that i'm lucky so i can't really appreciate the frustration that many of you are probably feeling but can just say that it is happening...they are en route and they will get them out the door. patience may be hard but there isn't a lot of choice.
anova might answer you specifically, so it might be worth asking them.  this is just my guess... but i would guess not.  from what other backers have said, uk backers have been particularly slow to get 220s because of the plug; anova has 'promised' to have all 220s -shipped- by christmas, but i wouldn't plan on having it before mid january at this point.
could somebody give me an idea if i will receive my 220v in the uk in time for christmas?
@jim white: agreed completely.  missing and contradictory communications, especially sporadic on the kickstarter page itself - not a good example of how to run a project.  late ...happens.  this is kickstarter.  and they oversold their original expectations 18 times. though i'm also sincerely unamused they started - and continued! - selling preorders while the schedule for kickstarter delivery was constantly slipping, even offering discounts that mean that many kickstarter backers paid more and will get their circulators within days of 'pre-orders'
120v white unit arrived in vancouver, canada. backer #: 6688 i had to pay $25 to fedex ($15 tax + $10 rod fee).
yay!  mine now says shipped. backer #1163 precision cooker 120v (usa) / red my frustration with delays is almost always about lack of communication, seldom about the delay itself.  anova has been better than most, but it still would have been nice if they were a bit more forthcoming with updates.  they also would have probably spent less time responding to individual emails.
i also got an email saying my order has shipped but fedex tracking number is in label created status since 12/2/14.  i emailed to ask them why it hasn't moved.  they sent me 2 more fedex tracking number.  so i really do not know if they are really sending anything out or just showing that they are meeting the early december shipment commitment.
backer #958, just got my shipping notification for a red anova
i have backer id 5 but still no sign of my anova....
@matt stone: the problem is, they're including pre-orders, which we have no idea how many there are, in that.  it's clear that they've started shipping at least black 110/120v units to people who missed the kickstarter.  (despite the fact that according to their own list they still have more than 100 black 110 kickstarter units to go.  to be fair, those could have address problems or something.)  so we have no idea what proportion of those will actually be 220 etc; they could go on shipping 500 110v units a day until they run out of pre-orders for them for all we know.
shipping notice on the 2nd... hasn't moved yet
@chris norman, no i've had nothing yet, notification or otherwise. but going by the header on the community page, there are about 3000 220v left to ship. at ~750 shipping per day, even split between 120 and 220, that should only be another week and a bit to get everything out the door...
@matt stone have you had shipping notification yet? i'm backer #1632 in the uk and heard nothing yet. good to hear at least someone in the uk has got one!
220v uk plug surf and turf here. backer around #8000. jona in support reassures me this will be shipped in dec, in time for me to move house in early jan :d fingers crossed!!
fyi, just got my fedex invoice for vat and fees, for a total amount of € 34,64 (€ 10,75 fees, € 23,89 vat). i'm based in the netherlands.
for those of you waiting on a 220v uk plug version, my friend just received hers but her backer number is like 200+
anyone in australia received their units yet? i'm in the mid 5000's for two units and still nothing *shrugs*
@jim white:  i'm sorry you feel that way about kickstarter.  i personally find kickstarter to be dangerously addictive.  of everything i've backed, 90% of it has run months late.  some, over a year.  almost all of them have eventually delivered, however. by those standards, anova's fine. however, i don't think -they- get kickstarter, at all.  they haven't been communicating reliably at all.  and going and selling (and shipping!) pre-orders before they could even fully ship our backer rewards is just not there. i'm especially irritated now (if not as much as poor backer #570) that the promised shipping window for my device has come and gone.
of note though, this was only 2 months delayed. i have projects from two years ago that haven't shipped yet so for ks this isn't a terrible timeline. i was just expecting more out of a fully established company. if the unit works as advertised and the app is nice, i would definitely consider this a successful campaign, despite the minor disappointments in communication and fulfillment.
#7476 - got my two black 120v units yesterday in wisconsin. strange that international/delayed versions are arriving the same time as domestic units. that's a little disappointing as it sounds like they were holding onto units that were ready to go. fyi, one of the tubes was loose and the unit almost fell out on the floor because i was holding it from the top (trying to pull it out of the box). be careful as some of these are not very tightly packed. haven't had time to test it yet but if there are issues, i will report them here and to anova. good luck to the rest of you!
i'm sort of done with kickstarter.  turns out people who don't have a good enough business plan for normal funding sources don't seem to have a good enough business plan to fulfill promises to kickstarter supporters either. i am backer 1163 and am completely unfulfilled.
hi, i received two black 220v anova precision cookers on december 5th in germany. packaging was good (besides the known fact that no instructions were included). build quality is good - the stainless steel shaft on one of the two units is not perfectly round, but it works anyways. unfortunately, the temperature regulation on one of the two units is not working at all - the unit starts heating as soon as the unit is plugged in. it beeps when the target temparature is reached, but keeps on heating. it even keeps on heating after pressing the stop/play button. i uploaded a youtube-video for your reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch… the other unit works fine. i opened a support case through your website and hope that there will be a quick resolution without me having to send the defective unit back and cover the return shipping costs. on a side-note, i did not manage to pair either of the two units to my iphone 5. i am assuming that this will be resolved once the app becomes available. any update on the release date of the app?
this is funny...well, interesting at least. got a shipping notification for my 120v black....that i preordered after the  kickstarter with the $50 off coupon they sent out. still nothing on my actual kickstarter unit (#9099). at least i'll have one of them for christmas. still, sending out a preorder unit before all the kickstarter ones are sent out?
backer #570 for a red 110v, and still no word on shipping.  emailed them, and got the canned response that they should be shipped the week of december 1.  shipping seems to be very disorganized, as backer #10832 seems to be in front of me
wohooo, red shipped! precision cooker 120v (usa/canada) / red fullfilment status: fulfilled quantity:1 backer #10832
i sincerely doubt it. at least one backer said yesterday that they were still waiting on their black 120v, with a backer number in the 2000s and hacker special group.
is that mean anova already completely fulfill all 110v with black color?
same here.  i am delighted for the people that are receiving theirs, but...
while i'm glad michael is receiving his - the fact that he has received a shipping notice for items he ordered after the kickstarter is rather disappointing.
guys what happened to the love and thanks in the packaging?
low 6000s, here, waiting for a single red... still no shipping notification.
my three pack of red, white, and black has actually shipped and is en route from tx. i just got a shipping notice for one of the ones i bought with the discount code after the ks campaign ended but it hasn't gone anywhere yet. i'm happy to see things moving along!
i'm in the 8,000's with a red surf & turf package...got a shipping notification on 12/4, although it doesn't appear anything has actually shipped yet. excited!
@henry lim, @jeff: anova doesn't appear to read these comments: they barely did during the campaign and haven't responded since it ended; you're going to have to pester them via their support site and/or social media and their community site to get your issues resolved.
well, today we see if they get all the 120vs (red, white & black) shipped by 12/6 spoiler alert: they won't.  we've got at least one person posting who still hasn't got his black 120v from a hacker special. then we see if they'll bother to update us.
i was sent a 110v version instead of the 220v, please advise...
here's a trick i learned about getting anova to respond when your unit should have already shipped...harass them on all social media sites, their website, and support all at once. when i only went one route, not much happened. when i hit everything they got the picture. the 1st time i did it, they were shipping me the wrong order, so i made them stop it. this 2nd time, i guess my order looked like it was fulfilled even though it wasn't. hit all fronts again and it finally shipped today after i asked them to double check it was the right order this time.
just got my anova. the metal housing was not installed correctly and is misaligned. stuck and propeller is jammed. help!
@willwill. the single hole is normal. it allows the turbulence to be directed.  just aim the water flow where you willwill.
@willwill it does seem that they come without a manual. i saw another commenter mentioned finding one via google and i ended up finding it on the anova site: https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/201519570/anova_precision_manual_print.pdf
am i missing a manual or is this how they come? and any reason why the circulator's water is only coming out one hole on the bottom, is that working right?
backer no. 129.  created an account in mid october.  still nothing.  bupkus.
backer#  2285 hacker special precision cooker 120v (usa/canada) / black fulfilment status:  unfulfilled it's now december and i have not yet even received a shipping notice.  what's going on guys?
@michel and @ chris well said. paid my taxes in canada as well, no problems on my end. like you suggested, people are free to have it shipped to a us address and bring it across the border (you might get hit at the border with taxes, but that doesn't happen often). though if you have any warranty issues, it's a pain to have to go back to the us to ship it back to anova.
@chris birkett - thank you for being a voice of reason. it's totally true. why we, as canadians, feel everything should be shipped to us for little to no cost to the shipper always baffles me. there are costs to this. it's just how it is. admittedly, i got lucky with my first unit that arrived. my remaining 4 units (a 3-pack and an individual unit from the $50 off sale that they did) will be shipped to blaine, wa for me to pickup and take my chances with cbsa. @sei youn - my 3 pack has been in the same status as you. i think it's a way for companies to make you feel better by telling you it's shipped but then not actually giving it to the courier to bring to you because of administration. it's a bit annoying...but we'll all get over it in the long run. the unit is worth the wait.
i now find the comment in the community page that the units were being shipped without manuals. it's possible that was in a kickstarter update too, but i didn't see it on a quick look.
backer #5661 220v europe ... :( precision cooker 220 v (international) / black fullfilment status: unfulfilled
@wachiraya hongsa, me still don't have.
any news on the android/i device applications?
@sei youn neumahr, i got a shipping notification for my black unit on friday 11/28 and it was updated to be in the fedex warehouse in tx on monday 12/1. it then sat there in that warehouse until wednesday night, when fedex put it on a plane and it was delivered to my doorstep around noon on thursday. shipping companies are weird.
has *anyone* living in se asia received their 220 unit yet?
@chris norman, sorry for the typo error of your name...
@chris normanm, i am backer #13, although i am not living in uk but mine is also uk plug 220v, red colour.  :p  still haven't receive any shipping notification yet.
thanks sam; i guess it's the not really knowing that grates a bit :)
@chris i'm #4163, and i definitely have not got a unit yet. 220v, germany. also got a cut and paste email when i complained about the random order of shipping.
so has anyone in the uk got a 220v unit yet? i'm backer #1623 and it's getting slightly disheartening seeing all you in the 8000's + getting yours :( no offence! i emailed anova and basically got a cut n paste response of the most recent update. apparently 220s are being given fulfilled in order of backer number; so who has got a 220v unit? what's your backer number? thanks! chris
my fedex tracking info has said a shipping label has been created on tuesday and no updates since. either its wrong or it got lost somewhere. waiting is getting so tiring!
got my two units. both black. the clamp for one matches (is black). the clamp for the other is not matched. it is white. the combination is mildly aesthetically displeasing. probably wouldn't bother most folks. there is no manual at all included in the boxes, which strikes me as a bit odd. i'll have to wait until the weekend to give it a whirl.
canadians would pay exactly the same amount for a usps shipment delivered by canada post, and usps priority international would most likely cost about the same. the fee is for sales tax and a $10 brokerage fee, which is exactly what canada post charges nowadays. the only way you would avoid it is by anova illegally underdeclaring the value or taking a gamble on the package sneaking through customs without the appropriate legal sales tax charged. that isn't their problem to deal with. anova used a fedex service that delivers promptly and doesn't come with excessive brokerage fees. canadians who pledged for a single unit with free shipping got an enormous discount over the evential retail cost of the precision, which will be us$224 plus tax, brokerage, and currency conversion shipped to canada after the holiday discount ends (about c$300). not only that, but anova appears to be declaring the package value as what you actually paid for the unit after subtracting "free" shipping, benefitting you even further. look at kickstarter projects like the baking steel where the creator helpfully screwed over all their canadian backers by shipping with ups standard, then tell me anova did a bad job here.
backer number just <7000.  i got shipping notification today for my pair (black and white) 120v us.
my cambro style container arrived today. it's going to be perfect for most of what i want to use it for. it's a smaller size (7qt total - about 8" deep i think) so won't handle huge volume but will be perfect for the day to day...less water to heat, enough room to keep for enough product generally...about right for the day to day use: http://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/b003qmlv2u
backer 9732: surf and turf package arrived in missoula montana. tracking number arrived on monday.
@j aust, if you haven't already, you should contact anova support.  all reports are that they are slow to respond, but it sounds like your unit should have shipped by now, so there may be a problem with your order.  the sooner you contact them, the sooner it will be resolved. also, i can't speak for anybody else, but my first e-mail from anova to set up my account when to my spam folder.  i was fortunate to have other friends who got theirs the same day, which prompted me to look there.  otherwise, i probably would never have seen the message.  if you haven't heard anything at all from anova yet, it may be worth checking.
three digit backer number for founders club 120v. changed my color to a black to get sooner as per email. still yet to hear anything/get anything.
my 2 arrived today in philadelphia
2 arrived here in usa. backer #6121
my 2 arrived today, so much smaller than this other huge thing i have, i'm excited!     i use my sous vide to defrost a lot lol.. gotta love always keeping the water room temp!   cannot wait for the app!
only 17$? got 28.44$ for 1 unit, also in québec! around 17$ in retail taxes (gst/pst), and 11.50$ in brokerage fees (10$) and taxes on these (1.5$). can accept retail taxes, but the $11.50 extra fees are bothering.
got mine in province of quebec, 17$ cdn import not so bad. black unit. i'll try it some time over th weekend or next week.
looks like my cooker is off by 1 degree f. i also have problem attaching back the plastic nozzle feels like the coil is jamming preventing it from locking. ill have to check this one again with another thermometer.
looking at people's reported backer #s and their arrival dates, i think we can suggest that anova is not shipping by backer order.  or alphabetically.  or by any other sense one can make of the world. but they are shipping and patience will probably deliver us all what we pledged for, eventually.
my units (surf and turf ii, 120v, black, us) were delivered this morning.  backer #4449.  i'm stuck at work, so i won't be able to put my hands on them until this evening, but am excited to start cooking!
i would add, unless the creator choose a ups or fedex service that allow them to pay these fees upfront. but like anova, they don't care about this!
@ingmar oh yes it do, at least in canada! usps/canada post tend to charge nothing, or only charge for retail taxes and minimal handling fees (9.95$). fedex and ups add important brokerage fees, and additional taxes to these.
could i change my new shipping address , please ? thanks
tax and duty are country related, and have little to do with who the transporter is. in  belgium e.g. anything up to a value of 22 euro is tax free, and anything up to a value of 150 euro is duty free. the only thing is that fedex gives the customers a service by paying these upfront. unfortunately, federal administration services often do not want to bother with such small amounts and the customer is thus better of with one of the other transporters (usps, dhl, etc) than with a transporter who actually does his job (fedex).
@jun xue, an app should be able to set the temperature to 0.1°c (or 0.1°f). at least my android app (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…) can - i can't imagine why the official ones wouldn't. the device treats °c and °f almost equally, with exception of the calibration factor, which is (internally) in °c, and historical temperature data, which is saved in °c. that's why calibration in my app might look a little strange when done in °f: i allow user to enter "correct" temperature in °f, then i convert calibration factor internally into °c, the device shows resulting temperature in °f and sometimes it will be off by 0.1°f from the initial correct temperature.
side side note, in anova's faq they stated they would use usps for international and i don't believe we would've been hit with these charges if they had not used fedex...  really hope they respond to this.
side note, if you scroll down, you'll see most international backers are being hit with these fees from fedex
that was for tax+duty+fedex fee i believe and it was for two units.  it's not alot of money for two units but i never have to pay all those fees from kickstarter projects.  i would really hope that anova does something about it.
@aylc, was that $45 only for duty?  that sounds like a lot.  or was that the total for tax + duty + fedex fee ? it would have been much better if anova had used usps or ups worldwide saver for shipping to canada.
@ayic was that for only one unit?
geez $45? shameful from @anova (for not taking care of their backers interest - there are lots of way to do so), and from fedex for acting like crooks, like ups! what are you going to do about that @anova?
oh i'm canadian by the way
just got hit with a $45 duty. what up with that
220v black unit received at last! on my first try, while setting the temp with the wheel, i noticed that each "tick" of the wheel add/substract 0,5c in celsius mode (same in farenheit mode).  i cannot choose something like 62,8. i could only choose 62,5c or 63c.  is this normal? will it be different with the app? funny part is, if i set the temp to 145 farenheit and then switch back to celsius mode, i obtain a target temp of 62,7c, which seems accurate (probe tested) it's quite odd to have a 0,1 stability but not be able to choose that type of temp precision setting (plus considering the precision of 0,5c against 0,5f).
@david there is an unofficial android app available here - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details….  i haven't used it (iphone user here) but there is more information available here - http://community.anovaculinary.com/discussion/168/unofficial-android-app-anova-remote-is-available-on-google-play-store
has anyone already got the 'little something' anova promised to whom won't get the precision cooker on time for christmas?
backer #4026 here. received my unit today. the box is huge and heavy, which got me worried, but once you take out the unit it's not that huge and heavy... still i have no clue where i will store this thing... tried it on a small 2,5 liter ikea pot. started with water around 60°c, and it arrived at 67°c fairly quickly. it beeped at 66,8°c... not sure why. checked the temp with my probe thermometer and it read ... 67°c exactly, which not only reassured me of the anova temp, but of the probe as well, as i was never sure it was calibrated well enough... dropped 2 eggs from the fridge, and cooked them for 24 minutes as per the instructions of the awesome egg calculator by chefsteps (http://www.chefsteps.com/activities/the-egg-calculator). after the eggs got in, the temperature dropped a little, and came back to 67°c in 2 minutes. after 24 minutes, the eggs were... absolutely perfect. set but incredibly delicate whites, runny yolk with a thick and rich texture. it needed just a simple salad with some corn, nothing fancy, but the egg made this dish a star. am i showing off ? yes, maybe, a little... but i'm posting this comment just to reassure the people who are waiting and complaining, because i feel your impatience, but i think it's worth it, and you will be pleased with a good product (which as some people have mentioned already is not even all that late in kickstarter standards). now we'll have to see if it will stay sturdy with use and time, but for now i couldn't be happier having backed this project !
canadian #5339 just arrived and very excited to get some sous vide on the go! wondering if any other canadians got hit with a $25 rod fee at time of delivery?
@g thanks for the great info!!
@seven lowe, to display timer function: 1) press and hold “play/start” for 8 seconds - 2) press and hold the timer icon for 3 seconds to set time via the scroll wheel. pressing start or the timer icon again will start the timer countdown
@david, 1) no app available yet. 2) if you want to turn on the timer feature it will always switch temperature units from f->c or c->f.  after turning on the timer you'll have to hold the button again to switch units back. 3) the timer feature needs to be re-enabled every time the unit is plugged in.  would be nice if it retained the last used setting but it does not. 4) when you start the timer it starts right away, not when your set temperature is reached.  if you use the timer make sure you set it after your set temperature is already reached otherwise you may under cook your food.
received my 220v & tried it the first time for eggs this morning. really good. is it possible to use the timer without an app as i can't figure out how to set it. i know where the button is because it lights up briefly when it powers on, but pushing it only seems to cause it to beep and not let me set a timer.
also, where do i find the app for my android phone? i don't see it in the play store
my units arrive today...so excited.  haven't really seen any comments on how it performs, anything i need to know? quarks?
im backer #8345, also in canada, ordered the black my order is still unfulfilled?! obviously they arn't shipping by backer #
i am significantly lower backer number than marie and haven't seen a shipping notification.  i'm hoping you went with black, marie?  because i am still dutifully waiting on my red...
@marie - are you saying that you're expecting to receive your unit today?  i'm about the same backer# as you, but mine is still unfulfilled.  what colour did you order?
backer #8895 anova should be here today (canada)
@michael @chris, starting to look like 3 prong plugs are much more delayed than european two pins - would be nice if anova actually bloody stated as much though.
i'm backer #1632 (in the uk), not received a shipping notification yet; not sure if it's because i requested white originally (changed to black to get it earlier). however my account still shows it as white, status "unfulfilled". i'm actually really patient,but i'm getting a little cheesed off seeing as backers in the 4000+ are getting their units. would appreciate an update from anova, and also if anyone in the uk have received theirs yet and what colour? thanks chris
just received my unit, everything looks great so far.  though i noticed that the timer feature starts counting down right away.  it would be much more useful if it started counting down when the target temperature was reached.
i got my shipping notice today for my 3 pack with red, white, and black. fedex has no knowledge of the shipping number, though. at least something's happening.
@neil.  i'm in the uk i got my email asking me to create my account the same day as they emailed to say there would be a delay until january 2015 for the 220v.  the status is still showing as unfulfilled though.  they have now said that the 220v will be fulfilled before christmas. however as others have said there's a big difference between fulfilled and delivered.  still. i'm keeping my fingers crossed it arrives before santa does
backer #1903 - nothing yet other than being told to sit tight by their customer service team via twitter. naively hopefully it might just turn up out of the blue as it wouldn't surprise me if that shipping notice page isn't accurate or even updated at all.
backer #2,583 still no confirmation of shipping :-(
have any uk plug 220v unit owners got theirs yet? or even a shipping confirmation?
@sarah, changing temperature units: 1) hold down the play/start button for 3 seconds
does anyone know how to switch between c and f without the app? i made my first ny strip steak last night, and it was amazing! i'll be trying fish tomorrow.
i received my two 220v black eu plug cookers yesterday. they look and operate great. i just needed to google for the manual thats it. i am expecting a invoice from fed ex regarding import duties and vat.
oh yeah, i should probably mention that mine is a black au plug 220v.
just received my cooker. packaging looks nice and feels nice too but looks rushed lots of airbubbles in the print. now where can i find the app?
thanks jens
anyone received shipping notification for red or white 220v yet? :p
@chris kolbu received? no. what i have received is my shipping notification. just today.  with that said, i vaguely remember somebody complaining their shipping was cancelled after receiving the notification and at this stage it's just shipment information being sent to fedex. backer 2240+, as an indication. i have hope i'll get it for christmas.
have any australians received theirs yet?
@nick eu plug
@jens my backer number is only 100 away from yours and i still haven't heard a peep. this is so fustrating! i find it very hard to believe that they are shipping according to backer # right now. let us know how you get on with the unit, planning to cook a goose with it at christmas if it arrives in time...
@jena kanis - are you an eu plug or a uk plug?
received my unit last friday, 220v as backer #4006. have yet to try it, but the machine looks beautiful. hopefully it will run without any problems.
it is in the upcoming deals. it should start at 09:00 pm (gmt+2)
what time does the cybermonday deal start?  i can't find it advertised.  how much will it be?   i've used this model when packing for a long hike.  i was generally happy with it, although i found seals failed more often than i would have liked.   the more advanced ones seem to have the built-in rolls which take a lot of space.  i've read in other sous vide blogs that this one is good enough for most vacuum sealing applications.
amazon will have a cybermonday deal on the foodsaver v2244 in a few hours (http://amzn.to/1rjhlp8) what do you think of it? worth to get it? better to get an advanced model? they will also offer the anova v1 at 20% off for a few hours (http://amzn.to/1vz2j42)
got my precision cooker on friday and made my first sous vide filet yesterday. i just want to thank you and congratulate you on making such a nice product.  it was dirt-simple to use and worked /perfectly/.  can't ask for anything better ;) thanks! tim
an update regarding the cosmetic scratching problem described previously. i ordered two cookers. after unpacking the second one, my fingers were covered with a very fine dust, possibly a manufacturing residue - probably abrasive enough to cause the scratching. so i would suggest others might want to wash their hands off after unpacking. regarding the actual performance of the cooker: i've had a beef chuck roast chugging along in the cooker overnight @ 136f. i'm using bench-calibrated thermocouples to verify the temp - it has been spot-on all night. i've used a very precise diy/pid setup for over 7 years and i think i will retire it. very pleased with the anova. looking forward to seeing the ios app.
not impressed with cosmetic durability. after removing the protective plastic sheet from the display panel, just rubbing my finger across the panel resulted in scratches. trying to clean with a soft cloth resulted in more scratches. of course, this isn't going to effect the cooking, but it doesn't bode well for build quality. and it sucks to have permanent scratches on my new toy.
@michael, ravi is quoting another (later)  backer who is getting theirs earlier than him. due to different plug types within the 220v group it is still complete guesswork as to when you may get your reward, easily fixed by some clear communication but that still doesn't seem to be a priority, no doubt the usa market must be big enough for anova as the level of effort put in to the rest of the world is a bit lacking. sorry if english isn't your first language just my thought.  also if the delay isn't a problem in the long run feel free to send me yours for the christmas period, i'll send it back when i get mine.
i got mine today. the packaging is awesome and the machine is beautiful. i'll be doing pork belly this weekend to celebrate. my only one gripe is mine didn't come with an owners manual of any kind, not sure if that's common though.
@ravi - i'm not sure that "fulfilled by christmas" and "received by christmas" are the same thing. to me, fulfilled just means that the order is out the door. just my thought.
i did two whole boneless turkey breasts yesterday. seasoned, sandwiched them together to form an almost perfect cylinder, then tied it off to form an almost perfect cylinder. three hours at 144f and it was amazing!
received anova 2 weeks ago. got a letter today from fedex tot pay 45 euro (+- 55 dollar) for vat. belgium.
asia is lower on the shipping priority than europe.
@ravi and @nick #3951 black 220v, no notifications either. must have gone into the same black hole
with the following as a yardstick; "my 2 black 220v have been shipped. i just received a shipping notification. i'm backer #5976. they are due to arrive in eu early next week well before christmas. i'm a happy camper." and in the latest update from you guys, "red/white & black 220's: on track for completed fulfillment by 12/25 (these are being fulfilled in order of backer id)" this seems to be not the case now seeing as my id is #3826 yet i have received no indication that my unit is in process of being shipped.
i know that there's a lot of frustration over timing and colours but it's worth remembering that, in the long run, the week or month or so delay will make no difference.
thank you for the great news, looking forward to receiving the product.
@erica palmer: it's common practice to ship together, it would be too costly to ship two separate units (some people even asked them not to because it would mean paying customs fees twice). unless anova stated otherwise (which they didn't) i'm not sure why you'd assume they'd ship separately. the spreadsheet is inccorect, it said mine would ship over a week ago but mine is a 220v which we know is delayed.
the shipping update said units for my backer number range would be shipped this week and the red/white units would be shipped next week. that says separate shipments to me. maybe i'm wrong, but it was certainly not clear either way. if i'd known staying with red would delay both units, i would have switched to both black.
i had a look through all the updates and i can't find a promise from anova to ship mixed multi-unit orders separately at their cost. the only options were to either wait or change red/white units to black.
i just received an email from anova support telling me my black 120v unit is being held until my red unit is available. that is not what has been promised.  hopefully others aren't experiencing this additional delay.
fantastic news from anova in the latest update - let's all just hope they are under-promising so they can over-deliver.  it would be a terrible shame for all concerned if things were to slip again, but the tone of the latest update appears to be pretty damn confident that isn't going to be the case. let's just hope the carriers they are using can keep their side of the bargain over the holiday period!
great to hear the 220v models should be shipping before christmas however it does bring up a concern that it will probably turn up while i'm away on holidays (as i assume many others will be). has someone in australia already received one? if so do you remember what courier company delivered it? auspost or someone else? thanks
looks like all 220v orders will be shipped before 25th december (based on the email they just sent out) no cooking christmas dinners with it, but still better than nothing
grrr... so frustrated.  i got an email confirmation saying the unit shipped on nov 7.  finally, contacted them on the 19th to find out why there were no updates.  they said it would ship the next day.  still no updates, still no unit.  and, i canceled the red until for black, to get it here early.  i was also counting on it for thanksgiving dinner.  so incredibly annoyed right now.
just got mine in denver.  sleek and solid.  not a single instruction anywhere.
that's good to know. i'm actually a chef myself so really excited to get my hands on this and get experimenting. hoping to use it to persuade my restaurant to invest in a commercial unit too...
i know there are a lot of people here frustrated by not getting their precision cooker yet, but trust me, i got mine a couple weeks ago and it's worth the wait.  even without the app ready yet, it has improved my cooking quality immensely.
@karel i'm also expecting a european plug, shipping to germany. if i'd have known buying two would have meant quicker delivery i'd probably have gone for it to be honest!
just got my shipping notification. backer #4449. surf and turf ii, 120v, both black, shipping to the u.s.
@nick kingston, @karel koster; i'm backer #1632 (in the uk), not received a shipping notification yet; not sure if it's because i requested white originally (changed to black to get it earlier). if it's just down to getting uk plugs i'll happily fit my own to get it sooner ;) could really do with it in time for christmas! ;)
i can't imagine they will be posting an update for shipping on thanksgiving so i'd expect either something today or not until friday.
@travis, thanks. i'm not pedantic about which "day" it is. "tomorrow" for you in your timezone will still probably be "tomorrow" for me as well by the time i wake up, so it's in line with what anova said, and what i also quoted
@nick, i think a lot of it might depend upon your time zone.  i received update #22 at 8:01pm yesterday (tuesday), est.  and i think anova is sending them from california, so it would have been 5:01pm tuesday when they sent it out.  i would expect the further details to arrive today (wednesday) for those of us in the us.
@jason no, one today (#22 received here at 01.01am) and one tomorrow with more details on shipping dates (noted in #22) "tomorrow we will be providing further details of which remaining units (120v & 220v’s both black and color) will be shipping and when."
@nick- isn't the update going to be today?
@karel - maybe that's it. hopefully tomorrows update will clarify?
@sam carter @nick kingston i pledged for a surf and turf i. could be because of the plug. i'm on the continent and orderde a eu plug. might you guys be waiting for a uk plug?
a wild update appears! i don't know whether i should be worried or not that their support team is 'handling, on average, about 5,549 tickets per week'...  that's one ticket per backer, per fortnight! @ jon lewis they don't, so they'll be sending the gift to everyone who's not going to receive their anova before the holidays.  a nice touch.
@karel, thats interesting  "my 2 black 220v have been shipped. i just received a shipping notification. i'm backer #5976" you're also in the eu - what pledge type were you?  i'm 220v black, early bird v, backer #4936 but haven't heard anything yet
hmm that's interesting, i'm in the low #4000s also in the eu waiting for a black 220v and haven't heard a peep! would be delighted to get this before christmas...
my 2 black 220v have been shipped. i just received a shipping notification. i'm backer #5976. they are due to arrive in eu early next week well before christmas. i'm a happy camper.
@li yan yam got it, thx!
@clement woo go to: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings… then find "anova precision cooker" in the list and click on the blue +, a window will come up with the backer #.
silly noobie question: how can i find out what backer number i am?
i didn't get a reply from anova, so i'm posting here.  i switched to the red version, but got a black one instead.  anyone want to switch with me to get a black one sooner? anova really should be stepping up to the plate and swapping them out but i'm not sure what's going on w/ their "customer service" :-(
got the update from anova.  not much info in it other than they expect to release a new estimated shipping time schedule tomorrow. "we understand that many of you purchased a precision cooker as a gift for the holidays. if you are one of the backers that will not get yours in time for the holidays, we will be sending you a little something to give to your loved ones before then so they can hit the ground "sous-vide-ing" when their precision cooker arrives." how do they know who was planning to gift how many of their cookers?
i'm #2876 and was wondering why others received their units before me...and then i checked my survey and remembered that i ordered the 120v red. so i guess another week or so...good think i have my original anova precision for thanksgiving...
@community i was on to them via twitter today and apparently there is an update coming. as to where the update is coming from (their official website or hopefully here on their ks) who knows but here's the message 'we're working on an update that will hopefully go live today or tomorrow. you should receive your system soon'
@slobodan guess... but i don't need your help for sure. you don't have to be rude.
anova is clearly very good at designing and manufacturing a hardware, less so at designing a software, and very poor at shipping logistic, communication and customer service.
ios app coming soon? should be getting mine this week.
mine has just arrived - 220v.  backer number 1125. super excited to try it out :)
data point 220v black, early bird v, backer #4936 no word on delivery/postage but account created as requested 3 weeks ago given the numbers they have to work with i'm not surprised there have been delays and that the shipping has dragged out. better and more communication is desperately needed. i haven't heard anyone complain about the quality of the product, just the pr side, which should be easy to fix. a short update once a week is not a major hurdle to overcome.
i know it's a colossal project and you're shipping product a month after original estimate (pretty good by ks standards), but i still can't help be a bit bummed my unit won't arrive in time to help with thanksgiving dinner. keep em' coming, anova.  i can still make christmas dinner sous vide!
it seems from multiple posters here that they're shipping them out with no relation to backer number.  that plus silence from anova = frustrated backers. backer #<7000, still unfulfilled on a 120v black, and no communication from anova since being asked to create an account more than a week ago.
i just received an email that mine shipped. backer number 8793.
this may or may not be useful information: i'm in the uk, backer #1632 and originally requested a white 220v unit. i took them up on the offer to change to a black unit for an earlier delivery, but my status is still showing that i've ordered a white one, and my status is showing as unfulfilled. i guess at some point i'll get mine :)
@anova it would be much appreciated to get an update on shipping, if you are still coming in here!
well, my hopes are now officially totally built up!
for the international 220v backers that may find this informative: just received a shipment notice from anova. my backer number is very early in the 4000's. i received a reply to my support ticket i submitted a few days ago that they are hoping to receive another batch of 220v devices in the coming weeks. you just may be in luck when you're backer < 4500.
@travis that would be "things are not playing out the way we were told they would..." ;-)
sorry, that should say things are *not* playing out they way we were told they would...
@mark crum, i get what you're saying.  but, i would be in favor of somebody putting in one man-hour to write an update to explain what is going on.  sending me some bad news is way better than keeping me in the dark.  a lot of things are now playing out the way we were told they would.  and i am very patient and understand about that - but a little communication would go a long way.
has anyone been able to get a hold of anova support, i been trying to call and sent several emails about my defective clip for my anova and no response back... =(
@erica. that shipping spreadsheet was generated prior to the shipping delay of the red and white units. since some backers have elected to change to black units and some have elected to remain with red/white the spreadsheet is now obsolete and updating it as is would create even more confusion.  they could attempt to create something similar but i would imagine that would take days  to sort out and even longer to explain. they're better off putting the man-hours into shipping and we're better off patiently waiting.
thanks, @travis murray.  i don't have a lot of hope for shipping this week, given the holidays. fingers crossed for next week?
as another data point: 120v black, us shipping, backer #8746 - unfulfilled
@erica palmer, mine was supposed to ship by 11/18, and it is still unfulfilled (backer #4449).  the shipping estimates were supposed to update in real time, but have not been updated since 11/2.  i'm not overly upset about not receiving mine yet, but some communication from anova would be nice.  i've been checking here, as well as the support forums, and haven't really seen any evidence that they shipped any last week, at all.
another data point: 120v, black, us shipping, #5550 - not shipped yet.
@slobodan how can i not be happy... anova has been a catastrophic success. ;)
has anyone seen an updated version of the shipping date estimates? i see that my unit is supposed to ship by this friday, but there is no indication if they made their dates for all the units that were supposed to (and could) ship last week.
just to add another data point for you all: i received mine in the mail friday 11/14 120v, black, backer #9119
@ukay cheung, being positive in life is a blessing some never receive.
@steve sebban, how hard is for you to print the pdf yourself?
@todd meyers sorry for answering your concerns in three different comments.  as for printed manual: in another kickstarter project of interest to this community - searzall (and i highly recommend their product) - the shipment was delayed by few weeks because they were waiting for printed materials. i rather have my reward sooner then wait for the printed manual. one shouldn't take the kickstarter as an internet shop - we are here to help the developers, the rewards are just that - rewards, and not exactly off the shelf product. i bet when they sell on amazon - they would have printed manual. they needed to change the manual, the firmware and even the look of the device changed since release of  prototype units - they upgraded them for hacker special backers. btw, i have no connection to anova other than being another kickstarter supporter as yourself. and not a totally happy camper either - the promised sdk never arrived, so i had to do my app with some reverse engineering (mostly done by another backer, thankfully).
@todd meyers sorry, i didn't see your second comment. in the same post on the anova discussion list you can see how stable the temperature for anova was (0.06°c). i do believe that temperature stability has higher priority than speed of heating. nothing wrong will happen to your protein if it sits at temperature below the desired one for few extra minutes, but overshooting might have some effect. in comparison, the sous vide supreme had about 1°c temperature swing. i don't think the effect will be really noticeable - but it might.
@todd meyers firstly, i measured thermal efficiency of anova (see http://community.anovaculinary.com/discussion/29/anova-developer-preview-12-hours-cooking-charts-and-measurments#latest in anova discussion list). at 86% it's about as high as possible - this is just 800 kw unit after all. secondly, i don't understand why people are concerned with how quick the precision cooker heats the water: i believe that people who by the cooker do have hot tap water in their kitchens as well as stoves and pots and kettles. if you start with hot tap water (and, if needed, add some boiling water from a kettle) you can start with the needed temperature in minutes. your food doesn't touch the water, so quality of hot tap water doesn't matter.
https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/203458290-anova-precision-cooker-user-manual they got more under support on there homepage
@chris birkett, i don't know what you mean by pid implementation.  i ran another test, and it seems like it's not the wattage but something in the firmware.  my water bath was 10 quarts in a 12-quart vessel.  i spent roughly five minutes by the clock on my stove watching the temp incrementally go from 136.1f to 138.4f when my target temp was 140f.  i finally manually increased my target temp to 143f and surprisingly it shot up to 140f in about 30 seconds, i immediately turned it back to 140f and it settled in there after a small overshoot.  i added protein to the bath and the temp dropped about 3 degrees and the same thing happened again, the anova spent several minutes without ever getting back to 140f until i manually forced it to overshoot.  so it seems like they have an algorithm in the controller which is trying to hard to avoid overshooting the target temp and as a result takes forever to actually get there.  either that, or maybe it's just the unit they sent me. and yes, i would like a printed manual.  if the operation is so simple that a manual is hardly needed, then why was the manual not ready at launch?  there's no excuse really for such an oversight.  i haven't found a pdf of the manual.  why wouldn't anova include a slip of paper with an explanation and a url for the pdf?  better yet, why not update backers on the situation prior to shipment?  it's just another sign of inattentiveness that leaves a poor impression.  are they going to send out manuals, or are they just going to have people print their own?  i didn't need help, but as a gift for my mother-in-law, she will be utterly confused without any documentation at all.
you guys need a printed manual to figure out how to use three buttons? you really think anova should have delayed shipping the kickstarter rewards until january so the manual and app were available, even though you can easily find a pdf of the manual and the device is able to function independently of the app? i would absolutely complain about poor customer service, but some of these issues are kind of comical. @todd meyers do a proper test and heat exactly the same volume of water from exactly the same starting temperature. the difference is probably nowhere close to three times as long. the anova has an 800 w element and the sansaire has an 1100 w element. unless you're heating the bath to a high temperature where evaporative cooling makes an enormous difference (cover your bath!), it's unlikely the anova will take more than 1.5 times as long as the sansaire. the pid implementation on the original anova made it slow to reach final temperature, but they fixed that with the precision.
i used the new anova today for the first time, and it takes what feels like forever to heat water compared to the sansaire.  what normally takes 10 minutes literally took 30.  that was a shock.  it is very quiet though, which i like.
@ brian olsen happily, the units are far superior to the customer service in almost every aspect.  they are built like a tank and everything feels utterly solid.  i can't speak for the effectiveness of the unit, but in terms of design the only issues i have are as follows: power cord is permanently attached - i'd have preferred a kettle lead, but that might have added bulk. unable to calibrate the device without the accompanying app. metal shroud is really fiddly to put back on, but nowhere near as annoying as the sansaire's notoriously annoying backplate. brushed ring around the display feels cheap compared with the quality of rest of the unit. digits in the numeric display not aligned with each other. but to be honest with you, the only one of those that is a real issue would be the lack of an app.  why they couldn't just release a basic version first that afforded some degree of control and then build in all the programmable stuff for later updates is beyond me.
i would have been happy to wait for anova to get their act together and ship a professional product with a printed user manual and an app for android and ios.  i may have a unit in my hands, but they have not fulfilled their promises yet, and it feels like a fly-by-night operation being done piecemeal like this.
thanks @dotcodotuk. i also asked on the anova community forum (where the anova support reps occassionally contribute) at the same time as i asked here and no response yet. will let you know if i hear anything...
@todd: something like that. they even don't know if january shipment will have printed manual (!!!) how hard it is to print some manual?!?!
what does "not yet printed" mean?  they couldn't get the manual written in time and we will be getting them later?
@ todd. they're not yet printed. it's available online. https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/201519570/anova_precision_manual_print.pdf
where is the manual for this thing?
@ low chong hung it's not like anova are a fledgling company who've never released a product before - the culinary side of the business might be only a few years old, but they had the original anova on the market in 2012 although it didn't get much attention until the sansaire came onto the scene... 'the anova sous-vide circulator has actually been on the market for over a year, but a nearly non-existent marketing strategy has let it fly under the radar for a long time' http://www.seriouseats.com/2013/09/equipment-we-test-the-199-sous-vide-circulato.html but with regard to your point about customer service, it's really not as complicated as people seem to think it is.  part of good customer service is planning - anticipating the questions you're likely to get asked, making sure you've got responses prepared and doing all you can to keep people informed as well as possible.  the more information you give people the less likely they are to keep asking questions. bad customer service comes when you haven't planned, haven't though things through, haven't anticipated what problems might occur and basically don't know what you're doing and/or don't give a toss about your customers.  and that's when you start to buckle under the weight of inquiries and things start to get out of hand.
@ alan arthur good point - it's nowhere that i can see and there's nowhere obvious it could be hidden.  unless it's printed in black text on the black half of the packaging and yellow text on the yellow half... @ john lewis backer names in product packaging were a pledge promise at all tier levels.  anova appear to have forgotten that, although their use of the word 'in' where they might have used 'on' is curious. @ steve sebban there's no physical manual included with the anova, so therefore no names.  and even if there was, a manual is not packaging - it's an accessory.  but even if that's seen to be splitting hairs, including the names on a downloadable pdf is even further away from being packaging.
if things are on time, and/or on target, with sufficient updates, do you think there will be this many comments or questions?   i think they outsourced it to a company in the philippines or india... the only good thing about customer service in these countries is they speak english... they are just plain rude or incomprehensible otherwise...  and oh... anova's tel number directs you straight to the answering machine.
i think these folks are sincere but i am hoping that the units are much better than the customer service. polite but no clue, giving non-responses; i think aunt voula's in charge of customer service, "don't tell me what to say, just tell me what to say."
upon opening my anova, there were no instructions at all.  is that normal?
@vadim temkin, thank you very much!  your google play app for the anova will allow me to at least test the unit's functionality and verify the hardware is working.
i am wondering, is it because they have only very few staffs in charge for customer service but too many backers asking questions. this is their first and only kickstarter project so far and they don't anticipate so many questions being asked.
anova has a very unhelpful customer service. very displeased by them.
i'm number 4430.  got mine in black earlier this week.  will try it today.  still waiting for the ios app.
backer #129.  asked for red, changed to black the first day the notice came out.  got create an account email in mid october.  nothing.  bupkus.  a couple of stupid nonresponsive emails from "customer service"  no words for how pissed i am.
my forwarder just received the package. i'm very excited with this new toy.
its my assumption that pledging $99 x2 will get me two units, its my mistake, i offered to top up the difference to get two units and was refused.  i have pledged previously for other campaigns without incident. i did not read the fine print, and going forward, i still probably will not read the fine print in other projects that i will pledge for as well. to me kickstarter is about a community coming together to support good ideas and projects and having fun while doing it, its a win win for both parties. thats what crwowsourcing is about to me. i originally wanted two units, one for my mom and one for myself. she was and is excited about it. now i will just go to the shop n get her one this weekend, while i wait for my unit to hopefully arrive in january. like some mentioned, anova could have kept the excess money. its nice that they offered the refund with i took reluctantly, i even offered to top up the difference for two units. thanks for all the help folks... i will definitely make it a point to be more cautious for future projects. this is the last time i will be dealing with anova.
@alan: i expect it to be in the booklet, not the packaging itself. can someone confirm this?
unofficial android app "anova remote" is available on google play store!  here is the description: this is quick and dirty version of a bluetooth remote app to control anova precision cooker. it is not an official app from anova! it controls temperatures and timers, starts and stops the cooker, sets multi-step program and even changes color of the wheel. it also provides "hacker interface" to send any command to the device and read the response. it doesn't calculate correct times and temperatures for different foods. it doesn't allow to control the device from the web. it doesn't have beautiful design. all of these will be in another app we are actively working on. this app would be completely unnecessary, if anova had their official app ready. you can wait for the official app, or for comprehensive sous vide app we are working on. or you can start playing with this one. your choice! some code is derived from software licensed under apache 2.0 and mit licenses. === if you are interested, go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… to pick it up.
alan, of course your name will be on the packaging.  how else do you think it would get delivered?  :)
i was just looking back at the ks campaign and remembered that the pledge levels up to $99 included your name on the packaging. can anyone who's received their production unit confirm if it has backer names on the packaging?
how does it take months longer to produce the app than it takes to make the actual appliance?  that is bizarre.
backer#2893 - black 110 v.  i received an email with a tracking number that my unit has shipped on november 7th, but tracking on fedex only shows that the label was created and has not "moved" since.  anyone else in the same position?
on the topic of the doubling of a pledge to get double the reward, project creators can and do handle it differently. back before kickstarter changed the rules about offering multiples of an item many creators used doubling of the pledge amount to get around the rule. now that rewards can include more than one of the same item i find that many project creators are making pledge tiers to include 2 of the reward, 3 of the reward, etc. if you add on to your pledge amount for many projects it is usually to get different "add-on" products that may be a different version of the main product or an ancillary item like a t-shirt. in anovas case, i do not remember seeing anywhere that you could double your pledge and receive multiples of the reward. they created the "surf and turf", "family pack", etc reward levels for multiple units. since there were no add-ons available with this project, the only reason anyone should have pledged more than the reward tier required was for international shipping. while they could be nice and send ukay cheung 2 units for the $198 paid there is nothing that says they have to. doing so would increase the number of units that they ship for the $99 price point above the 1000 limit that they set and my guess is that they don't want to ship more than that for that price since they are possibly losing money on the founder's club units.
@todd meyers they posted in update #18 that the app has been delayed. the anova works just fine without the app though. the following post on the anova culinary forum that may or may not be from an anova employee says they estimate it will be ready in december for ios and android and windows phone in january. http://community.anovaculinary.com/discussion/comment/660/#comment_660
where is the remote control app?
update #2 has an faq section. the first question deals with increasing your pledge and that doing so does not automatically increase your reward. they urge you to make sure that your desired reward and pledge agree with what you think you are getting.  people can and do pledge more than the minimum amount in kickstarter campaigns.  that's the way kickstarter is set up. it is our responsibility to make sure we do it right. it is not anova's (or any other kickstarter company )to guess what we intend. anova was quite generous in offering a refund.  they didn't have to do that. nor do they have to provide another unit at the $99 founder's club level when they are taking retail orders on their website for $169.
a note. anova's kickstarter.anovaculinary.com webpage manages data on thousands of customers and uses no ssl encryption. whatever you send, login, password, data, it is all unencrypted. is it even strange then, that when i tried emailing them about that to address privacy@anovaculinary.com which they published on their website, their email server replies that "address does not exist" on the server. anova, 1 out of 10 for basic security considerations and care about customer's data and privacy, 0 out of 10 for effort. can not be worse than this!
+1 to @slobodan, @mark crum, @dotcodotuk, @low chong hung...whether or not anova was strict with it, it was very clear from the beginning and it's why i opened a second account. i can understand @ukay cheung's confusion, but at the end of the day, she was mistaken and so anova only owes her one unit and could (although, they really shouldn't - it would be a major jerk move) keep her extra $99.
@marie-andree poisson, clearly, not true. but, you choose what to believe in.
and by the way, a lot of creators do accept "double or triple early birds" pledges. anova was extremely strict by refusing it.
@slobodan it's not how it works actually. creators always find a way to managed "overpledging" by backers. if a pledge level is $99, and a backer pledge $189, the creator should notify the user before the end of the campaign, or refund the additional amount (or ask the backers to pay more for 2 items). anova shouldn't have just took the money!
where is the bluetooth app?  i can't find it for either android or ios.
another update is very much required at this point - especially one that addresses how they will tackle the current support ticket issue, as well as new information and guesstimates for shipping.
@ukay cheung, i'm afraid you misunderstood how most of projects on kickstarter work. if you pledge in any given pledge box, you are getting only once whatever that box offers. paying more than that box asks for does not give you more items from that box, only what it offers - once. so, if you pledge $189 in a $99-box, you are de-facto giving away any money above $99. next time, don't fall for your "wishful thinking" but read what is written on the page. also, it may help to read those small letter pages you did not read when you were signing up for kickstarter account. if i were you, i would get a refund and be happy anova did not decide to keep the money over $99 because they legally could.
@ukay cheung. there is no pledge level that gives 2 units for $198. there is a founder's club pledge level that gives 1 unit for a pledge of $99 or more.  looks like you erroneously assumed that you could double the amount and get two. what you did was to pledge more than the minimum $99. you misread the description.
@ ukay cheung did you pledge twice on two separate ks accounts or did you somehow increase the amount of money you pledged on a single tier?
£25 fedex invoices are starting to roll in for all the uk backers i know who've received a unit - just in case anyone was wondering what the fees might be...
i got mine yesterday and it works great. i got the email about creating an account about 3 weeks ago and then last week i got an email with a tracking number.
as far as i know, anova never mentioned you can double your reward amount to get 2 units. in order to get 2 units, you need to create another kickstarter account and pledge the $99 reward level in order to get 2 units. this is solution suggested by some backers.
@michael lebeau @slobodan tabakovich i pledged $198 for two units, they insist that i only pledged for one, and offer no other solution except refund.  i am backer #309. it seems that getting the units shipped is similiar to winning the lottery.. so far it has been nothing but disappointment after disappointment
as i understand it backer number is being superceded by 1)color 2)220v 3)plug type on the 220v model
@anova: i sent you a pm and an email to support about color switch almost two weeks ago but i have yet to get an answer. can you please answer me?
by the way, don't use a very secure password for creating their account.  their website is completely unsecure and passwords are sent in the clear.
as of today: status : unfulfilled  backer:around 5500 units: 2 x black 110v, surf & turf 1,  originally ordered 2 black units, so no colour switching. only got the ''create account'' email about a month ago.
+1 kj potter for those questions. seems pretty obvious now that the backer # id line as such means nothing. i'm in the lower tier (#1903) yet it seems others are getting theirs sooner then me. not to sound petulant as i'm willing to wait but a simple firm confirmation one way or the other would go a long way to misspell the confusion. i got my 'update shipping/create account' email, started to get my hopes up a little as most did, then all quiet on the western front. so i tweeted them about it and mailed their customer support and received this back "thank you for reaching out, we received your inquiry on twitter and we apologize for the delay. we expect to have a large batch of black 220v units fulfilled later this month in advance of the january delivery date. that said, your order is on the early fulfillment list so you can expect to receive it prior to january. we hope this helps, and if you have any further questions please feel free to contact the support team at this email address. thanks again, lorcan, have a great day!" so i just don't get why they insist on giving fluffy, yet somehow generic answers that require reading between the lines. so basically long story short, i believe my order will be fulfilled in december...hopefully.
a question for those who have received their orders: how many emails did you get?  i got the email asking me to create an account on the internal fulfillment system, which i promptly did.  nothing has happened for a week now and it still shows my order as "unfulfilled".  do i get a second notice when it ships?  for those who've gotten their devices, how much time elapsed between the "create an account" email and order fulfillment?  fwiw i'm a surf & turf 1 backer, getting 2 black 110v units, backer number in the low 6000's.
backer # in the 2400s, ordered red 120v, then switched to black to get it sooner. received my account e-mail on nov 10, and it finally became "fulfilled" nov 19, when i got a fedex tracking number as well. it's supposed to reach me on nov 24th.
@michael lebeau thank you! i didn't see any information in the downloadable manual, and considering i hadn't seen a single promotional photo showing a fahrenheit temperature displayed, i was becoming a bit concerned.
there's a new article in the new york times about sous vide cooking with lots of positive buzz at the anova.  should definitely help sales.  http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/20/technology/personaltech/bringing-sous-vide-to-the-home-cook.html…
@rick behl i feel like it's just a lame excuse. the plug "problem" is an easy fix as travel adapters are everywhere.
the shipping chart is not changing. right now, it shows mine at 28 days and completed by nov 28 which is 8 days away, not 28. the chart which is supposed to be updated real time does not appear to be changing. the chart is at http://blog.anovaculinary.com/kickstarter-shipping-status/…
fullfilment status: unfulfilled  :( fullfilment status: unfulfilled  :( one is white, and the latest update i got on that one is, maybe december...but no idea on the black one.
@abigail dowling - hold down the "start" button for a few seconds, the temperature readout will switch over.
@christina cheng, i am also in singapore and think i did choose the 220v somewhere during the process. however as far as i know singapore plugs are the same as any other 3 prong plug used in other 220v countries (such as the uk, etc)... so not sure why anova saying they don't have 'singapore' plugs... i hope this is not an excuse to not ship any orders to singapore...
i received an email on nov 14 stating my unit has been shipped only to be cancelled by anova a few hours later with no explanations. i emailed customer service and after a week they finally emailed me back saying that they had cancel the shipment because they currently do not have singapore plugs??? ( expat living in singapore with the intent to return to north america so ordered the 110v version) the question of the type of plugs never came up thru this process, why is anona making dumb decisions on people's behalf????? i just want my north american version that i would have received yesterday based on fedex' estimation!!!
question for anyone who has received their unit: has anyone discovered if it is possible to get it to display temperature in fahrenheit? i can live with celsius, but it would be a major pita to have to do conversion for each and every recipe i attempt to follow.
@marnix/mark thank you for the information i will look into that. as promised some impressions/hands on info: the anova looks nice up close and build quality seems to be solid; i did try some eggs and a steak today to test functionality and accuracy.  the unit seems to be fairly accurate as there is only a negligible 0.2°c discrepancy shown between the anova and my thermapen. once the application is out i think there should be a way to calibrate it. for now i have the choice to adjust the temperature by 0.5°c units manually.
@ukay cheung - what do your emails say? my initial pledge email tells me exactly what i'm getting, and then my subsequent adjustments to my pledge provided me with additional confirmation emails. i'm sure that when you provide anova with those, it will all be very clear.
@ukay cheung, i'm curious, did you pledge at the level that gives you two devices or did you decide you'd like two at some later date? you could hardly blame anova if you did not originally pledge at a level which gives you two units. i'm sure, if that's the case, you'll be able to order one more, after the pledged unit shipping is wrapped up.
backer id at the low 2000's, ordered a 220v red originally, changed to black - seems to be zero consistency as to when 220v customers are getting their units. can anyone from anova answer to that?
@hector mine is a black... customer service is ineffective and keeps giving canned answers. i want two, and now they keep insisting that its only one???? i tried calling to the telephone number they provided but all i keep getting is the answering machine! well done anova.
got mine today! :)
the eagle has landed: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/b2y_i6piiaa7ys5.jpg fedex just delivered (netherlands, 220v black, backer id just under 3000). no payment at the door required, but i may yet get an invoice at a later stage.
backer number in the 4000s here, got an email a couple of weeks ago asking to set up an account but i think my hopes of receiving the unit before christmas have now been dashed! status remains at unfulfilled. waiting for a black 220v. damn. i guess roasting a goose won't be the end of the world...
here's the setup as i discussed it below in a few posts: http://www.mediafire.com/view/2v18dbrvq4btuke/fullsizerender.jpg
@hector silva, yes those clips you found on amazon.
@michael lebeau, not in canada, in us. i got my boxes on amazon. also, regarding insulation, not necessarily needed. i'm not cooking somewhere where the energy gradient would be that steep. however, cover is needed, since the loss of energy via evaporation would be great (measurable drop in temp. within minutes when the cover is removed) and to avoid running out of cooking water due to evaporation which isn't negligible.
kangaboxes look awesome, i was trying to remember that name yesterday.  those are not readily available in the us though, awesome for those in europe.
ukay cheung, if your color is red or white, you can't get it right now because it does not exist yet.
@mork and mark, i had this exact issue with the scratched up screen. i was pretty mad at first, but upon closer look i was sure it had to have a clear plastic over it. it was rather difficult to pull off but once i did it was nice and clean brand new plastic. also as for the container to use, i decided to get a stainless steel pot and one of those silicone pot lids. i am going to cut a hole and some nubs around it to create a general hole for the cooker that will sort of seal around it to help keep heat and water in better and make positioning easier. only question is how well will it stay on with a hole in it. i will find out.
@mork: you might get a separate invoice from fedex in a week or two. mine's due to arrive tomorrow (netherlands), i'll report if i have to pay vat/fedex fees.
@mork. there was another person that complained, in the forum, that his display was scratched. upon closer inspection he discovered that it was the protective plastic overlay that he hadn't noticed.  have you taken your plastic overlay off of the display screen? bon appétit.
black 220v model update: shipment arrived today on schedule. backer id was around #2300, delivery to germany took 6 days per fedex with no additional costs (maybe i dodge a bullet here or my family just paid and didn't mention it) packaging looked adequate/save (though i have a few scratches on the display, which is ok given that this thing travelled over the atlantic and was probably manhandled by customs). product looks nicer than i expected. will hook it up today and check functionality/accuracy with a few eggs and a thermapen.
another shipping update would be nice anova. 7 days is a long time in shipping mode.
i am pledge #309... it seems that the people who pledge way after me... #3000+++ have already gotten their units. when i checked, customer service replied after numerous emails that i have pledge only one unit when i have pledged for 2. this is ridiculous, customer service is almost non existent. my cooker is late and avova has the gall to keep taking preorders while telling me that my unit will arrive in january? come on!
anyone considerd using a kangabox for the cooking vessel? they look like they might fit the bill - waterproof, insulated, variety of sizes, fitted lids, tough http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/node/index.html…
styrofoam isn't waterproof, so i wouldn't use that as a container for liquids on its own: i've had some issues with fish/meat juices leaking out of styrofoam boxes. for insulation purposes, you might want to look into gn (gastronorm, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gastronorm_sizes) containers: i have a couple of styrofoam ones kicking around, similar to http://www.thermowelt.com/artikel/1-1-257.html you might be able to pick up those boxes at your local fishmonger's. my favorite food wholesaler in the netherlands (hanos) also sells gn 1/1 units, i believe at about € 10 each. starting from that gn styrofoam box, i'm hoping i might be able to squeeze in a polycarbonate/steel gn container, cut the lid, and have instant insulation. polycarbonate containers seem fairly cheap, http://gastronormbakken.com/18-gastronormbakken-polycarbonaat- (in dutch). a gn 1/1, 200mm high (28l volume) one is € 22,50 ex vat, which seems in line with what i've seen at the aforementioned wholesaler.
trying a 72 hour short rib...here's my current setup with a styrofoam lid draped over the top: http://golflife.ca/pics/food/141117-72hrshortribs.jpg
eta on the app? compliments on the packaging btw! very nicely done.
iphone app is not out as yet jason, you've gotta use it manually for now
hi. i just received my precision cooker but found no literature whatsoever. i understand that most info is online but one thing in particular i'm struggling with is finding the iphone app that works with this device. please advise. thank you
it might sweat... styrofoam is porous and the water will be hot... sooooo it might leak through it. now if you can get a container that can niiiiiiiiicely slip into a styrofoam one, then you've got it made.
my plan is just to use a styrofoam cooler that i've probably got kicking around somewhere - easy to cut a lid hole, durable enough....should be good. i presume they don't leak...? never tried. or even just a small cooler that i've got that i could cut a piece of styrofoam to fit the opening....that would work too.
@slobodan, you were describing these? http://www.amazon.com/medium-binder-clips-steel-silver/dp/b00b9h8fk0 good ole clothespins work too in case your bags are a bit delicate. http://www.amazon.com/sturdy-small-craft-clothespins-pkg/dp/b0047hr1cm/
you really need insulation as well to keep your costs down.   double sided reflective foil sandwiching bubble wrap does a does a good job or if you wanna ensure that your bubbles don't pop, prodex works too.... or if you wanna do something a bit cheaper (might be) use foam wrapped with aluminum foil and then put that around your container.
@slobodan, you're in canada, correct? where did you get your cambros for a reasonable price? i haven't found any yet in some (admittedly very casual) searching.
p.p.s. the 12-qt cambro is just tall enough to fit this cooker - it leaves fraction of an inch spare space between the bottom of the circulator and the box. talk about a good fit! i know cooker can be lifted and secure up but i'll leave that for those moments when i feel like poaching eggs in a saucepan. 8^)
p.s. i do not recommend the larger container for use with this device, i use the one with anova one device.
@ben, i'm using two different sizes. the 12 qt one is actually ideal used as a 6-7 qt small cooker, with some free area above water level in it, good enough for 2-3 mid-sized items (t-bones and such). i always use some light-mass, easy to clip-on spacers to ensure the water circulation between bags. filled to the 8-qt mark, it'll even let bagged steaks stand on their sides in water. the other container i use is 2x larger, but that one only gets use for ribs or larger quantities of small bags. again, i fill that one to a less-than-full level, too. if i were you, i would not use steel containers since they transfer heat out at a much higher clip than polycarbonate and also stay away from using "only enough water to cover and submerge food" since that can cause the fluctuation in water level since pump will be directly affecting the greater percentage of overall water mass (waves, water whirlpools - air sucking…) keep the water level safely at two inches above the min mark. also, you do need "more water than food" since it is water cooking the food, not the other way around. 8^)
@slobodan what size are you using? the 12 qt looks decent for larger items, but the smaller ones seem too narrow to easily attach and submerge smaller foods.
p.s. bags floating up? how about a metal clip or two added to your bag? you know the ones, black, triangular in cross section, with two "omega"-looking nickel-plated handles. made of steel…got it? good!
i recommend using the cambro polycarbonate camsquares - camwear food storage boxes for sous vide cooking. also, buy the matching lids form them, i recommend their colored polyethylene lids - they carve with a box cutter knife extremely easily to make a device slot. why do you need a lid? well, funny you should ask! you need it for heat retention, unless you're into throwing away your money. however, the real reason is cooking that spans several hours - the longer - the more you'll need it. you see, if you use the lid, you won't run the risk of running out of water in the cooking vessel (and consequently throwing away the food after the device emergency-stops) while you're away at work or wherever else you may be while not at home. lid will allow you to cook something for 3 days and still not have to add any water to the cooking vessel. i think that makes sense, doesn't it? my experience is - exactly that.
@michael and hector i had no issue with tipping either. it was a medium sauce pain, maybe 2 quart or so, probably 6-8 inches deep. it worked fine, but getting the chicken deep and submerged enough and the water flowing well in a relatively small width pot was causing a decent amount of water turbulence so to speak. some of the water hitting the bag would push up and out of the pot. i just ordered a 4qt stainless steel pot to use dedicated for the anova. no need to worry about damaging my non-stick pots. depending on how i like it i might grab a 6 or 8qt as well for larger roasts and such. i see people talking about lid's as well. i could custom make one to help prevent splashing and keep in heat, but is it really even necessary? i assume it might help keep in heat and reduce power consumption over long run cycles.
thanks @chris birkett and @aaron bretveld for the advice regarding temperature. hopefully the app will allow us to recalibrate soon. has anyone tried using a cambro with this device? will i have to cut it to make it fit?
@hector, true, true... i shouldn't complain! it is worth it!
@ michael, lol  ok.   well, those type of containers like the one in the amazon link definitely come in handly when you want to cook larger batches.  it becomes very impractical to use a stock pot for certain sized bags and shapes as well.   the ikea container looks cheap enough to use for short cooks and for cutting out the shape of the anova into the lid to allow for putting back the lid on while the cooker is goin'
@anton, i suppose that's the price you pay for universal health care and tertiary education and a large public sector.  the money for funding these things has to come from somewhere, so vat of 25% it is!
so i'll have to wait until next year for my unit. not unexpected. when i first backed the project, december felt like the most realistic time of arrival, considering the amount of backers. and january isn't that bad. i'm leaving town in december for work, and couldn't use it anyway. great timing! ;) but i'm a little worried about import taxes and costs in sweden. 25% of the value of the product, import fee and customs fee. can be expensive...
@hector - has nothing to do with tipping the pot - the weight of the anova is inside the pot, so the physics don't lean (hardy har) towards tipping over - particularly with a heavy copper core triply pot. the pot that i used is only 4" to the lip (on the outside) so it just wasn't deep enough to really be practical. it worked, but i wouldn't do it again. if i'm doing something small like that again, i'm going to try an ikea 365+ container that i have (like this one but a bit deeper - http://www.ikea.com/ca/en/catalog/products/60066724/). i'm just fiddling around to see what works best. i ordered one of these http://www.amazon.ca/dp/b003qmlv2u today - should arrive about the same time as the 220vs get shipped to backers!
@brian olsen... on your pc or mac, click here https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings…  and then find "anova" under your collected pledges and then click on it.  a window will pop up and there you will see your backer #
how do you find your 'backer number'?
@ michael "- had to have the pot filled to the brim, almost, in order to have enough water for the unit to function." why did it not function?  is it because it could not stand up on its own without tilting over the pot? @sgtsagara   what was the reason the small pot did not work for you? is it the same as above?   i know that one of this anova's selling features was that it could work in a pot with less water as compared to other immersion circulators. would you guys mind posting some photos of the small pots and the set up that you had with the anova previously (you don't have to turn it on, just would like to get a sense of the height of the water and size of the pot)? from your descriptions it sounded like the small pots simply could not work because of physics, (i.e. that the distribution of the water in a wider base is necessary in order for the weight of the anova to be offset and counterbalanced by the water that you fill it with) so the pot that is too small can only hold the right counterweight of water until it has reached so high in the pot that it splashes out when the circulator gets going.  when it comes to the actual circulation, you definitely need some area for the water to move above over what would be the resting level of the water.  i must say that in videos that i have seen, it surely looks like there's quite a current in the water which doesn't seem to bode too well for working with small amounts of water. so in closing, i do think that you can use less water, but the pot needs to be big enough/wide enough to distribution the weight in such a way that the anova is stable.
i've got 2 "vessels" i've been using with my original unit.  one is a large aluminum stock pot.  it's big enough to do two half racks of ribs and 4 boneless chicken breasts at the same time.  it takes a while to get the water up to temp though.  for smaller cooks (like a pair of eggs cooked to 149f), i found we had a tupperware cylindrical container that's 7" diameter, just over 8" deep.  it only takes a few minutes to get the much smaller volume of water in that from 70f to 149f.
@michael i also tried a small pot for my first go with it and found the same issue with it needing to be too full that it can cause some spillage as water rotates and hits the bag. also caution to everyone, try not to use non-stick pots. the clamp nub on the inside of the pot left a dot of ground off coating. i am not sure if it was from tightening the clamp or from the device vibrating over 2 hours of use, but it definitely wore the coating off. i've had this pot for some 4-5 years and this is the first time the coating was damaged.
got email today. 5 220v devices in mixed colors. none has shipped yet. backer # around 8200.
backer number in the 2400s here. originally requested red 110v unit, but switched to black to get it earlier. got my e-mail nov. 10 and immediately set up my account, but i haven't heard anything further and it hasn't been shipped yet. the order of fulfillment seems so mysterious.
backer # just a few below 7000.  i just got the email asking me to create an account.  expecting two 120v units (unfortunately, one is white).  neither has shipped yet.
i did 70*c eggs this morning and checked the temp and, like evan, noticed a temp differential (of about 1*c) using a cdn thermocouple thermometer (thermapen knockoff, essentially). looking forward to the app so that i can calibrate for precision. i also used it in a smaller pot (approx 5-6l, i'm guessing) - didn't like that - had to have the pot filled to the brim, almost, in order to have enough water for the unit to function. i was just playing around to figure out what vessels that i have that will function and i won't use that pot again. might do mashed potatoes tonight. give it a try on some veg.
@derek chan, i know. even if you base it on volume still ridiculous, the dimensions are 25x5x5. divide it by 160 it will give you at most 3 pounds.
@jimmy whats wrong with it?
i received my unit. it is defective and anova refuses to answer my email.
has anyone made a template for a cutout on a lid yet?
* avoided, at least in canada.
@chris remember receiving packages from fedex were i was charged taxes, and 10$ brokerage fees. not ideal, but certainly better than all ups packages i've received from ks creators. ups is to be avoid!
@chris the clamp that holds the main unit.
there are two mechanisms on the clamp. are you talking about the screw that holds the entire thing to a container, or the screw that holds the clamp to the main unit itself?
is anyone having issues with the clamp not working(tightening)
chicken breast i tried last night turned out pretty awesome, going to try a steak or pork chops next. what sort of zip lock bags do people recommend? want to make sure i get ones that are safe enough to not melt at higher temps. i assume microwave safe would be fine but any certain brand and type good? also what about reusable bags? i am not sure if any of them are really safe to heat.
@marie-andree poisson yes, i received my unit earlier this week. @john park the only way you would have paid any less than that is if it slipped past canada post and you weren't charged the appropriate sales tax. that isn't anova's fault.
just received mine at vancouver, canada. was charged $24.00 for brokerage/tax fee. a bit disappointed. it roughly makes it to total $181.00 cad i expected usps based on the description provided regarding the shipping....
@chris you received yours?
i'm backer #3028, my black anova precision coker arrived yesterday via fedex (us address). so far, i'm liking what i'm seeing. did not have time to cook anything but have used it to run some water to a temperature to verify it works as much. there is one thing i don't like, though. temperature units switch at 3 seconds and timer activates at 8 seconds holding the same "button" pressed on device's face. that means the units will switch to wrong temperature units every time i attempt to use the timer and i'll have to switch them back. that is not a good ui design! i hope there's a future in which there will be firmware upgrades available to be made via bluetooth or this "feature" will be a major downside for me.
marie-andree, anova is not using a courier ground service. there is a nominal $10 (plus tax) brokerage fee on fedex international economy, which is about the same as the $9.95 canada post currently charges for customs clearance. you will also pay sales tax on the value of your backer level, less the included cost of shipping. for most early backers the total was around $25.
well, if you use fedex and ups, it has nothing to do with postage systems, but with courriers (private companies)! those companies charge relatively low fees to senders, but high fees to receivers. those fees are getting higher and higher in canada, in excess to the shipping fees. so now they are getting their cut with shipping fees, and big brokerage fees (sometime 40-60% of the price of the package), and the government is taking its cut in retail taxes (including taxes on brokerage fees!). being under a free trade agreement with the us since a long time, it seems they are pushing it quite a bit! there must be a loophole somewhere that they are exploiting.
marnix: well, maybe i'm just unlucky. my anova was shipped monday and expected delivery was today, but fedex support just confirmed it to be delayed at least until next tuesday. my deliveries with dhl from the us have always been on time, fedex and ups have always taken quite a bit longer than anticipated.
i always wonder, after saw so many people complained about brokerage fee, why only canadian have brokerage fee problem and the rest of the world don't have such issue?  what's wrong with canadian postage system?
@anova from your own faq in update #2: "3. how do we ship? ... for domestic orders we ship via fedex. for international orders we use dhl or usps, depending on the address you provide." so since i provided a canadian address, i expect you will use usps! not doing so, and we ending with big fees from fedex will create big frustrations.
julian: my fedex tracking (to the netherlands) expects delivery next wednesday before 6pm after shipping from texas, usa on friday. that doesn't seem terribly slow, does it?
gee, thanks anova for using fedex instead of dhl or usps (as stated in update #2) for international orders. this delays my delivery by only about a week.
shipping is calculated by volumetric weight or mass weight, whichever is higher.
@chris, the cooker itself only weighs less than three. 8kg for packaging, must be made out of steel.
@marnix, ridiculous right? it's like my whole luggage. heard it doesn't come with a maunual. i think they shipped it in bulk and redistribute it later, i hope so. i contacted anova waiting for response. i thought was getting this next year. thanks marnix.
heh, interesting.  200 grammes of manual perhaps?
@aldo: my fedex tracking page for a single unit lists 5 lbs/2.27kg
i don't have the box anymore, but my fedex tracking number shows 4.5 lbs/2.04 kg for a single unit shipment.
hello guys for thos of you who received the shipment, is it true that the shipment weighs 11 kilograms? according to fedex it's 11 kg im concerned im shipping this to a forwarder.
marlon, the manual can be found here: https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/201519570/anova_precision_manual_print.pdf
got mine today. where can i find the instructions?
i'm #1333. just remembered they have at least 1000 220v units available so i guess it makes sense.
@lawrence chow what was your backed id so we can follow what has been shipped? thanks
just received a message saying my black 220v has shipped. odd... and here i was thinking i had to wait till next year.
received my cooker today and have it running now. it's remarkably quiet and quite solid. the packaging was absolutely stunning. i don't think i agree with those who said it wasn't good for storing the anova machine. i was able to get the foam rings back in place and the whole thing slid back in with little effort. i'm so very happy i backed this project. and i can't wait till these steaks are done!
@evan unger i would probably trust the thermapen over the anova's temp. what you can do to raise your confidence in the thermapen is to test the thermapen with a properly perepared ice bath. the instructions (and video) on how to do so can be found on the thermoworks website. my thermapen tested to within .1 degrees f of 32 degrees with a proper ice bath so i'm confident my anova is right about 1 degree low on its temp. i've just been compensating by raising the temp by one degree since it appears the anova can only be re-calibrated from the non-existent app.
it was something around 2300. i think between that and the 3000 id that marnix mentioned below chances are probably good.
mork would you mind sharing your backer id so that i can figure out if i'm in the same ball park as you??
as some already pointed out, (black) 220v models are shipping. i received a shipping notification today, which is a pleasant surprise after being told it would likely take until january. seems like switching from red to black was not in vain. i assume that my backer-id was low enough to be part of the early shipment before the retooling process. this is speculation on my part but maybe this will be relevant to a few other european backers.
(and the delays for the whites and reds, of course)
my order shipped today and i'm backer #3392. looks like their off the backer id schedule (sans the 220v people) by a day or two, but that's still pretty impressive! i've had delays much longer for much simpler stuff!
now that makes me excited...
update: 220v's are shipping. black 220v here, backer id just under 3000, just got my shipping notification.
good to know chris birkett, good to know.
evan, several early backers have noticed a similar temperature offset. unfortunately the only way to calibrate the anova precision is over bluetooth, so you'll have to wait until an app is available for whatever phone system you use. until then just set your temp a bit higher. http://www.reddit.com/r/sousvide/comments/2m1laf/anova_temperature_difference/
@sgtsagara the app isn't available yet. the manual can be found here: https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/201519570/anova_precision_manual_print.pdf i do chicken breasts for 2 hours @ 140f. http://www.edinformatics.com/math_science/science_of_cooking/chicken_sous_vide.htm
the manual can be found here: https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/201519570/anova_precision_manual_print.pdf backer #4660 here. on friday i received notification of a shipping label being made and just received mine yesterday. so far, i'm really liking this unit. i'd recommend some sort of paper insert be included along with the unit with a note stating the manual can be found online. the manual can be found here: https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/article_attachments/201519570/anova_precision_manual_print.pdf
is the app, or an app out for android yet? i just received my black 110 model, but it looks like no directions in the box and i can't seem to find an app to go with it. have some chicken breast i am going to marinade and cook directly in the same bag but i need to know what temp and time to go with.
correct, it's a black 220v one from the early bird tier.
i received mine on friday. so far, i've cooked salmon and eggs. both times, according 2 different thermapens, the water bath was off by 2 degrees (low).  who do i trust?
@anders forgive my ignorance but you run 220v in france correct? i believe it's the european standard right? i asked anova a straight and simple question on twitter about the confusion regarding these mysterious 1000 plus 220v cookers. basically it's a first come first serve type of gig. so i believe that backers numbers now represent, as before all the confusion, your place in line as such. hope that's a help even though it's confirming the obvious. cheers
i received mine today (in france) and no additional fees for customs importation. i do miss a manual though...
has anyone in europe received theirs yet? if so, were you charged a customs/importation fee to release the apc to you?
i agree with you guys, absolutely nothing wrong with a backer raising concerns, whatever they be and i won't criticise any of them. why should i feel my concerns are any more valid than the next backer. glad we're all on the same page :-)
@schoey backing a kickstarter project doesn't mean you can't criticize the ui. this has nothing to do with customer service and everything to do with the use of the device itself. i also found it very counter intuitive to use. compared to the v1, this is a step back. i think anova is counting on the app to be the main interface.
@schoey   i see nothing wrong with chris birkett's critique/take.   he was saying that he feels that the timer situation/methodology is a bit cumbersome.  given that this thing can communicate via bluetooth i think there's hope for an update that can change the way the timer works.
schoey, if you honestly can't tell the difference between bitching and moaning about minor ongoing production delays, and providing detailed instructions and constructive criticism about the final shipped product, i'm not really sure what to say.
@chris, if you're "outraged" by a less than perfect interface design then kickstarter is not the site for you. kickstarter is not a store. if you back a project here you are not placing an order with a store that has a fixed idea of the finished model...blah, blah...by kickstarter standards this is a superbly run project. again, if any of this is a problem for you, then do yourself a favour and never back another kickstarter project, because you'll probably be far more outraged by its results. and here i was thinking you'd still be waiting for the delayed 220v version, turns out you weren't affected by those delays that didn't bother you.
@kerry mantrop, that is probably because your anova is red or white.  i am backer #18, i also haven't received mine, because my anova is red and 220v. :p
if anyone is wondering why the timer button on their anova isn't working, it's because you have to go through a crazy sequence of button holds and presses every time you want to use it. the manual states that the timer is intentionally disabled by default because "in sous vide cooking temperature is far more important than the time". here's how you use the timer: 1. hold the main power button for 8 seconds to enable the timer button, unintentionally changing the temperature units 2. hold the timer button for 3 seconds 3. set the timer using the wheel 4. press the timer button again to start it 5. hold the main power button for another 3 seconds to reset the temperature units the timer state is not saved, so you have to follow this sequence every time you use the anova. it's beyond my comprehension how this bit of interface design made it past the beta testers and out the door into production.
well isn't this lovely.  i'm backer #129.  day one, first hour or so.  i got my "create an account" email on oct. 22.  and i have received bupkus.  further, i get no response to email.  i'm so glad that people thousands of spaces behind me are getting theirs.
backer #3417 here - just got my anova today (black, 120v). like others, i was prompted to create my account and check my info on wed nov 5. my unit was shipped fri nov 7 from houston to me in chicago, but didn't seemingly actually depart til mon nov 10. and now it's here!! based on my being about a third of the way through the number of backers, i would guess they are at least a third of the way through the black, 120 v units. so stay strong, everyone!
backer  #3093, upgraded to surf n' turf i, both 120v i got the "anova precision cooker fulfillment status: please create an account" email nov 5th today i got the "your order has been shipped!" email! i hope posting all the above info will be helpful to those trying to figure out when their precision cooker might arrive. i also hope that this time tomorrow i'll have some precisely heated water with some food in it. :)
i got an e-mail. it said they've "moved *all* backers to [their] internal fulfilment system"; i assume that means everyone's gotten the e-mail.
did everyone get an email with the subject: "anova precision cooker fulfillment status: please create an account" within the last few days or only some people?
backer #4474 system 1 precision cooker 220 v (international) / white fullfilment status: unfulfilled i have no clue when i can expect the unit. january? november? we will have to wait and see. it doesn't matter that much to me, i just wish it was clear to me :)
only posting here because i know i am anxious to know how other people in my range are faring. backer ~3000, 120v, black. not yet shipped.
i ordered two units. 1 black 110v, the other also black but 220v. how is my shipping going to be. hold my 110v until the 220v is ready or send it in two separate shipments like i think it should be handled?
#9182 for a black!
backer #7969 for a 120v red one :)
i also received this email. backer #4163, 220v black. i'm being optimistic and hoping that receivers of this email are part of the first 1000. would really love to get hold of this before christmas and cook some sous-vide goose!
also got an email to create an account as well, i'm backer #4006. hope this information helps people to estimate their window of delivery.
i've just got a fulfillment status aswell. hope to receive it soon.
just got word from anova that they'll have information 'soon'™ about which backer id they should be able to hit with the 1000 available 220v's. i'll update if/when the information reaches me.
apologies for the spelling errors - durn spill chucker :-)
i got my "anova precision cooker fulfillment status: please create an account" email today . backer 4936 - early bird v - system 1  precision cooker 220 v (international) / black  fullfilment status: unfulfilled  quantity:1 all my inofmration was already thee and correct. fingers crossed its on its way shortly, but if it's not until jnauray no big deal.
i've done chicken breasts at 140f for 2 hours.  just some kosher salt and pepper, and sear afterwards. while waiting for my pair of cookers, i bought one of the older models.  just had sous vide ny strip steaks tonight, again, salt + pepper (and some garlic), seal in a bag, drop in the pot at 130f for 1-2 hours, then sear for a minute on each side.
wow!!!   just received mine today and i have to say this is, by far, the best gadget i have ever bought!  i just tested it on 4 different kinds of chicken at the same time (145f for 2 hours) and the chicken in each experimental bag was super tender and juicier than any i've ever had before.  not only that, but i purposely tried to make bad chicken (no special marinades, no browning after sous vide, no vacuum seal--just using the dip method with some ziploc bags... and it still turned out amazing!  if it can make bad chicken good, i'm just imagining what i can do with some special sauces, a blowtorch and a vacuum sealer.  i'm totally hooked.
i can appreciate those concerns; however, i anticipate that they're passing on the information more or less as it arises. they have nothing to gain from delaying passing it on. i'm assuming that as production went on of the 220v and it was slower than expected, they said "alright, we have to re-work this...it'll piss some people off, but what choice do we have?" and then passed it on. realistically, there's no benefit to them not passing on the information more or less as it arises. again, an assumption on my part, but i assume that their information is being passed on in something relatively close to real time. i might be wrong, but why would i be? they have our money already...no need to make anyone angry.
i also agree with @schoey. it's not the delay, it's the constant changing of the expected delivery date with short notice before the next delay email, for example when they were shipping by group rather then backer id and changed the order it was only a few days out from when i was due to get mine shipped. for me and a lot of others it's gone like this: - we are ontrack and ready to ship late october - great - your backer group (early bird ii) is due to be completed shipping by the 8th november- ok cool. - we have changed the shipping process to by backer id, your now due to be shipped by the 23th november - err ok. - because you ordered a 220v model you won't get it until next year. nearly 3 months from the original email stating you were ready to ship in october  - dammit!
@schoey for what it's worth, i agree with you completely.  it's not that the delays aren't to be expected, but that anova keeps saying "no, everything's fine... wait, surprise!"
any australian plug 220v units been received? @michael "i'm going to run on the assumption that anova is being transparent", this is the problem most of us have, we don't really think they have been. for us on 220v everything until now has been communicated lumped in with the 110v, so we had good reason to believe that we were days away from shipping as per the updates, some were given the option to change colour so as not to delay shipment, all of this reinforced that we were to expect delivery pre-christmas, it's the sudden, late change that annoys people. before everyone jumps in with 'you shouldn't use kickstarter' blah blah, i'm 42 backed projects in i understand exactly how it works, and i'll stick around for more. i am perfectly capable of managing my expectations it's just that anova built those up along the way, established company, doing what they know, reasonable/good communication, all leading us to believe it was going well. anyway this isn't a rant about anova, more a justification of some of the angst, i understand the delays it just would have been nice to hear about them earlier.
got my unit yesterday (220v-version). just had a short test run. so far i´m very impressed. i´m  excited using it at the weekend the first time. thank you, anova!
i'm going to run on the assumption that anova is being transparent (i.e. honest) in their updates, so let's review (addressing only 220v units, which don't even affect me, but all this negativity needs some balance): - in june, the ks campaign ended with a significantly higher turnout (including globally with 220v units) than anova had anticipated - over the next several months, anova works it's production schedule and gets all of this stuff sorted out - production gets fully underway and red/white units don't look as good as they want, so they get those issues sorted out and it causes delays - understandable so that people don't complain about their products being junk because a unit that doesn't look perfect would clearly send some people into a full on fit or cause an aneurysm - 220v units have been being produced but a lot more units (the world doesn't end with kickstarter backers @all - it will go on and they have to think big picture) have been ordered than anticipated and so now anova says..."geez, this isn't going well at all - we can't keep up and it's causing problems and delays...we'll ship what we've got and fix the production so that the units produced in the future (for what we anticipate will be an ongoing production line) will come out more efficiently and will not cause delays down the road - which also matters" - some of the people that "backed the project" (let's be clear and not say "ordered from the store") are delayed because, part of the "project" is to create production efficiencies - in other words, as a backer, you are backing the company and the project - not just ordering a device - your device may have been delayed because the company was working on the project in other words - they're doing exactly what you backed them to do. yes, it's annoying to be delayed and christmas can't go on...but this is what you asked of them - "take my money to create a great product and the system to deliver that product - in exchange, give me a product when it's ready." you are getting what you asked for. if you misunderstood that, that is your problem - not anova's.
eh, good news! (?) my black (used to be white) 220v unit just shipped. they do ship 'em, despite the confusing grinch update... there is still hope!
considering so many other kickstarter projects were delayed by over a year, i think people will survive having to wait a few more month. i certainly will. this isn't amazon people, you saved money buying the unit knowing the risk. next time, wait until it's available to buy direct (ie: wait past the kickstarter campaign is fulfilled), get immediate gratification that it ships within a few days and pay the full price on the unit.
i have send your customer support 3 messages and this is my 4th one, can someone please reply? i am backer #309, bought two black units, and in your fulfilment schedule it only states one? its delayed and i want to make sure i get the 2 in ordered instead of one. there will also be no one home to recieve the for the most part of january. a proper reply with a confirmed schedule for deliver is much appreciated.
i just got my unit this morning, kickass!!  i'm running it at several of the temps i use to cook with my makeshift diy sous vide setup: 130, 140, and 180.  so far it's performing fantastically, so stoked to put it to use for a meal tonight!
out of the 13 kickstarter projects i've backed, every one has been late, and honestly, this 3-4 month delay is one of the shorter ones, and i'm ok with it. as others have said, this tends to be part and parcel of backing a kickstarter project. complain all you want, but somehow, i'd rather have it take a bit longer, than me having a sub-par quality item that breaks after a few months. my other sous vide machines were delayed for more than a year, i'm currently still waiting for delivery of a backpack that was backed last year and due for delivery in april (and hey, it's a backpack, there's no electronics to sort out!!), and it's still not here. lesson to learn here. please, never ever ever plan to get a kickstarter project reward for a christmas/ birthday present... unless you're planning it for the following year's gift!
i guess nobody has used kickstarter before. i have yet to participate in a kickstarter project that stuck to its timeline. i'm looking forward to my cooker and a bit of a wait to get the red one is not a big deal.
for additional confusion, i'll sketch my rollercoaster-situation for today.  - my backer id is just shy of 3000, managed to nick an 'early bird'. - i ordered a 220v red one initially and then switched to a 220v black one when the red ones were delayed. below is today's communication from anova: 1. 12:44 am, e-mail: 'your unit is delayed until january' 2. 04:47am, e-mail: 'the grinch ate your anova (kickstarter update #21)' 3. 09:48am, e-mail: 'please review your data in our internal fulfilment system' so. just after waking up and reading the first two e-mails i figured bye-bye pre-christmas delivery, and now after morning coffee i'm back in with a shout hoping i'm in the initial batch of 1000 220v units. i'll update as things progress, also in the google sheet maintained by our belgian buddy :)
@all has anyone else received an email to confirm their details (address, name, pledge etc.) since last nights delay email was sent out to their backers? i'm baffled at this latest email as in my book one only receives this email prior to their shipping date/time. but given that i live in a 220v country surely that still means i'm in with everyone else - waiting until december at least but mostly likely waiting until the next year to receive my pledge.
@greig coetzee...you are my new hero!  well said.
the general outrage has little to do with the actual delay. it is due to the fact that they knew long ago how many red/white/220v units they needed yet have waited until weeks into shipping to announce they can't produce enough. and then the first announcement of this was unclear and unapologetic..  this latest announcement is much more backer friendly.  thanks anova. just a pity you had to have two stabs at it.
in case my english is not good enough: due to an influx of orders for the 220v precision... since june 17, 2014 you know more or less how many 220v machines are needed, so how come an influx if backers are preferred? or is the anova one 220v interfering here? i just dont get it and yes i am disapointed! :( i think you dont want to offend your us costumers so lets do it with the "small" rest
first world middle class problem #427: "oh my god, my new sous vide will be delivered to me late and now i'll have to cook the xmas turkey in my oven and pay my therapist extra this month for anger management!" thankfully, i grew up in africa and that gave me a bit of perspective about things. this is not a tragedy, people, it's a minor inconvenience. you know, like when that specialist deli you go to is all out of your favourite organic artichoke and quinoa salad and now you've got to buy the dolmades instead.
@ravi can you read?, because of your comments i highly doubt it...
hi anova, the announcement that shipping of my 220v cookers will be delayed until after christmas left me bit bummed out. but then again early in the morning there is not much needed to accomplish that. i am sad that i cannot use it for preparing christmas dinner, i was very much looking forward to that, but i’m sure i’ll manage another year with sous vide and i will continue to wait with anticipation for my cookers to arrive. just a small note to backers how are outraged, or where christmas now is ruined, you must have very near to perfect lives for such small setbacks to have such a big impact. i congratulate you with that.
there seems to be a bit of over reaction from some of my fellow backers. for the sake of a bit of balance, while i am looking forward to my anova delays in shipping are par for the course for kickstarter projects. yes my wife has left me as what is a man without an anova? my kids are on the street and my dog has fleas and all for the lack of my anova. but i am buoyed by the knowledge this has been one of the best run campaigns i have backed. regular updates, a company that knows what it is doing. while i was hoping to be astounded that it would be the first project ever to ship on time the fact that it is not has not stopped me from having a warm fuzzy feeling about team anova. my wife will come back in january you'll see. chris
so first there was a delay witch white color. and i changed it t black one to get it before holidays, now you sad that theres is delay with 220 v anova cookers. but if it 100% delayed i want my white color  cooker back. i think you must send another one survey for backers who decided to change their color to get cookers faster but need to wait for 220 v!!!!
anova, take a moment to think about your decision.  your are making preparations to sell and produce the product after you dealt with this nightmare of a project. the succes of your product came of kickstarter.  a lot are unsatisfied. which lead to bad branding and dis believe in your company. jeopardising your orders after this project. take less profit and start a second production line, hire temps. make sure you fur fill this project as estimated before christmas.
you can not use the best product in the world if you cannot use it.  there will probably a delay in january. the believe in the company is a bit gone
why are the orders of your website going to be deliverer before the kickstartes backers, where is your loyalty?
the outrage has little to do with the actual delay. the outrage is due to the fact that they knew not long ago how many red/white/220v units they needed yet have waited until weeks into shipping to announce they can't produce enough. the elephant in the room should have been noticed and commented on prior to shipping the first units.
maybe they should throw in a free shirt for the inconvenience lol.
this is really sad was hoping to receive it before x-mas. this was pledged mid 2014 just disappointing to get this in 2015. wow they should have announced earlier. would still be nice if they can fulfill this by dec just hoping.
i know that ks may not progressed according to projected timelines given and fully aware that we are backing a company perhaps it's a case of wrong words used in their updates? ==== due to an influx of orders for the 220v precision cooker unit, we've undergone a retooling process to optimize our production process and fulfill this increase in demand. ==== by my understanding of the word influx, i would take it to mean new orders. and that ks pledges were confirmed way back when the project was funded, and that such numbers are a known factor for me, i would like more transparency especially in that we are backing the company. they had been giving quite regular updates for sure. and that the latest updates goes even further in fudging the issues. i fully expect that it should be fifo, and that ks backers should have the pledges fulfilled before amazon or other orders
that the shipping shipped again is unfortunate. but it seems patently ridiculous that this delay couldn't have been communicated in the last few weeks, at the time you were giving out projected shipping dates. can things really have changed so much internally that this wasn't anticipated a few weeks ago when you gave all your backers a shipping timeline that was implied to be locked in stone?
if you're "outraged" by a two month delay (october 31 to the first week of january) then kickstarter is not the site for you. if your holiday cooking and gift plans all hinge on receiving an item you backed beforehand, then kickstarter is not the site for you. kickstarter is not a store. if you back a project here you are not placing an order with a store that has a definite delivery date. project suffer setbacks and a company should not realistically be obligated to bend over backwards and take major financial losses on an unexpectedly inefficient manufacturing method just to avoid minor delays for backers. anova have provided 21 detailed status updates about the project. they took into account feedback from backers to add new features and redesign the product. they started shipping within their delivery estimate, which is huge. they had some fairly minor production setbacks that may result in backers receiving their items 1-2 months late. by kickstarter standards this is a superbly run project. again, if any of this is a problem for you, then do yourself a favour and never back another kickstarter project, because you'll probably be far more outraged by its results.
i can understand that delays happen. it's a common thing on kickstarter. what i do not appreciate is the lack of transparency. anova knew some time ago that they wouldn't keep up and only now, when people are expecting their units to ship, do they announce that there 3-4month delay. poor show anova. all i've got now is a lack of confidence and concerns that the device will arrive before march. mark me down as a frustrated customer....
not sure if this has been answered, but any progress on the android app?
my mistake, the previous anova was not though kickstarter.
really poor communication from this 'experienced' (1 earlier ks) company. anova should be fulfilling their existing orders before thinking of doing a retool.
i've already replied to their email directly but i am just tired of more delays shared with similar commentary before me. i've backed ks projects that are shams, but i had higher expectations on anova and your business. all 220v ks orders were well established by june and a working towards a oct delivery. even nov/dec might be acceptable if you were upfront with known issues. it appears you were not upfront with 220v production issues until now. we are your backers, customers and community of supporters. if word of mouth mean anything to your business and social media has any impact, you need to manage your communications better. for a $1.8m project, serious considerations of fulfillment should have been worked out and planned before happily accepting all the funding. failing to meet expectations and your promises are terrible business management.
can anyone recommend an available 220/240v sous vide appliance (aussie plug). looks like i'll be buying another one, the anova can go on ebay when it finally shows up.
please at least get the early backers one fulfilled first anova, i badly want these here already...
adding my agreement to all the complaints about the 220v unit delay.  i'm very disappointed. anova knew how many 220v backers there were back in june.  so why now when we were just being told that all the units are being shipped we are told of another 3 month delay for us.  sounds like non us backers are second class citizens! actually the excuse does not ring true to me.  either there was a scheduling cock up or there is a technical problem or else to save themselves cost they do not care about the 220v backers.  none very acceptable. and the notice contained not a semblance of an apology. come on now anova.  front up - give us the true reason and a proper apology.
there is a reply by anova in the comments of the latest blog post at http://blog.anovaculinary.com/shipping-status-update/ "we understand your frustration and are working to get the 220v's out as soon as possible. at the current rate, the production was simply not going fast enough so we decided to retool to get these out at a quicker production rate. we will be fulfilling to our kickstarter community first, including the 1,000+ 220v's set to be fulfilled yet this month. moving forward, once we've retooled, we don't anticipate having further production delays. again, thank you for your patience, and please don't hesitate to keep checking in." presumably the 1000+ mentioned is the 220v black versions because anybody that wanted white or red was delayed until december but is now screwed until january. who cares about order of pledges right? thanks anova for the top notch manufacturing planning here.
i had wanted it early to cook with.... ._.
if your plans to gift this or use this by thanksgiving or christmas were "ruined" by anova then frankly you don't understand kickstarter vs. amazon. and although i could have changed my choice from red to black to get mine shipped earlier, i decided to stay the course. i already have the original anova unit so of course i have a little more faith in these folks and don't believe they are selling other non-ks backers units under the counter to get extra $$$$$. given that returning a 220v unit back to anova from outside the us for whatever warranty reason wouldn't be cheap or quick, wouldn't you rather anova make absolutely sure they have done everything to avoid that happening ? calm the heck down people.
@michael, lol, if i have to wait proportionally, my anova will be delivered somewhere in the 22nd century (backer #10459)
well that just shattered my confidence in my first kickstarter campaign. 220v, early backer and penalised by later 'influx of orders'. isn't the whole idea to rewards early backers rather than just using them to support mainstream sales delivery? pretty pissed to tell the truth. and fyi the rest of the world does actually matter...!
what influx!??! as everyone here has mentioned, the numbers were known way back!
shame on you anova. backer #20 and still waiting for a black 220v. shame on you.
i actually wonder how many comments will appear here when europe wakes up in the morning. most of them got this email while sleeping.
as @chris kolbu have wrote in his comment on the main blog; http://blog.anovaculinary.com/shipping-status-update/ i backed a 220v, so i am amongst those who are outraged with the push back of delivery date. i cannot understand how the influx was not expected seeing as 220v+ is what majority of the world runs on (apart from the us). here's to alternative cooking plans for christmas.
estimated delivery times keep slipping.  i was originally told to expect my pair in october.  i've been looking forward to having them in time to gift one in time for use for thanksgiving, and that's beginning to look questionable.  anyone know, if you're expecting a pair, and one of them is white (delayed), will the other be delayed as well, or do they ship individually?
well it's like the email said. there has been an influx of demand for the international 220v version. so in order to produce that many, probably made the call to stop the current production method for the 220v model, and improve/streamline the tooling process so can make them faster. just means none get made while retooling happens. this makes sense from a business point of view, as it only affects people whose money you already have, and means you can make more money from international sales later on due to faster production. whether it makes sense from a "not coming across a an evil corporation that only cares for money" point of view, that's different. :)
are you kidding me with this? what exactly changes since the previous months when you said that you are on track on delivering. also, it's great that i changed my color preference just to get my cooker in time. looking forward for the new survey for changing it back.
the thing is... 220v have been shipping.  there are at least four black 220v units in backers hands already, just from within the small group of people i shared the project with. what the actual flip is going on?!
not happy about this delay. i pledged for the 220v black and white set of two units... this new email looks like i won't get this until january now... very disappointed with anova...
come on anova - your latest email re 220v units is hugely disappointing.  as many have pointed out, you knew the numbers in june, from all of us here that believed in this and backed this.  you received a funding windfall, yet you are letting your ks community down.  pls take 1s to step back and do what is right by your backers - ship these units out asap, then fulfill all the other orders that would never have gone through had we not all funded you to get things off the ground in the first place.
2-3 months late is absolutely wonderful in kickstarter world.  there are some campaigns out there that just suddenly go dark and never deliver anything!
ridiculous.  'we’re getting closer to ship date!'... 'in january 2015'!
there is a new blog post (http://blog.anovaculinary.com/shipping-status-update/) and this seems to be the new situation: 120v + black = look at http://blog.anovaculinary.com/kickstarter-shipping-status/ for shipping date. considering lack of updates to this spreadsheet, it is either going exactly to plan or so badly that they don't want to notify anybody. 120v + red/white = 1st week of december. don't be surprised if this slips again. 220v = sometime in january. maybe. if we're lucky.
so i changed my colour preference for absolutely nothing? between the "get cooking sooner" update and this "shipping update" i can't stress how profoundly disappointing and frustrating the communication by anova has been. it would be nice if they could elaborate on how this supposed influx was in any way surprising and if we can we switch back to red and white.
lol. and now the email saying my unit will be shipped december 1. make your mind up?!? or better yet, have a meeting, invite the left hand and the right hand and figure out what is going on. seriously, this is basic stuff.
i'm in the 4000's so i guess i've lucked out.  was expecting to give this as a christmas present so very hacked off.  like other commentators have noted the survey was in june... so how on earth are they just now surprised by the number of orders for 220v units.  something is not right here. :(
yup, as i said, i don't care about the non-ks orders, as long as we get ours as promised.
what increase in demand for 220v? this kickstarter finished back in june! anova have known precisely how many were pledged for months now. i guess orders from their website and the big retailers like amazon are more important than us.
i have messaged creators directly. i will post here if they bother to answer me. but don't hold your breath. they probably too busy taking orders to fulfill before the kickstarter communities orders are fulfilled
i'd start swearing in the comments, but it won't achieve much. i guess the take home message is that once they have your money, some companies will simply shift their focus on to new customers and drop the ball when it comes to basic communication skills. what can you do?
...and what's really frustrating was one of my two was a christmas present and i needed the other one for my new years eve party. that's all screwed now!
'"due to an influx of orders for the 220v precision cooker unit, we've undergone a retooling process to optimize our production process and fulfill this increase in demand. we anticipate fulfillment of these orders the first week in january 2015, and delivery shortly thereafter. we sincerely appreciate your patience and support!" yeah so as others on here are commenting - another delay. bitterly disappointed about this latest setback and if i wasn't so excited about this project, i'd be tempted to ask for a refund. but hey i'll wait...i don't really have a say in the matter. @anova i've already emailed you guys about the colourway situation and given the latest delay, i hope it isn't a problem to switch back to my original choice of red. anyways, if you have yours by now, count yourself lucky. not jealous at all � cheers
that was a bit of a let down i have to say, completely agree on the fact that you could have worked out the number of 220v units when the campaign was ended. completely unprofessional..
@ingmar if it rocked up on christmas eve, that would be enough. especially if you planed to give one away as a gift and use the other to cook for family in christmas...i guess i should be happy that i got a heads up in advance about how unreliable anova has turned out to be. new plans now i guess, thanks for that.
another email now stating my red one will be shipped week beginning december 1 - but it's a 220v one also, so who knows when
same here as a few others have commented on already. just received email saying due to an influx of orders for the 220v precision cooker unit, we've undergone a retooling process to optimize our production process and fulfill this increase in demand. we anticipate fulfillment of these orders the first week in january 2015, and delivery shortly thereafter. we sincerely appreciate your patience and support! team anova i'm assuming the influx of orders are from outwith kickstarter and i am annoyed if i have to wait because of someone ordering either on amazon or directly from there website
...and a bit more information would be appreciated. the simple, almost dismissive email re. the delay to january is not really appreciated anova.
yeah, i'm disappointed in a further delay. i mean 'influx of orders for the 220v'? did they not read the survey from june?
hmmm... not happy! 220v models pushed back to jan 2015 :-( "due to an influx of orders for the 220v precision cooker unit..." weren't the numbers of 220v unit sorted out back in june when the project was funded???? methinks a problem or issue has been discovered. majorly bummed!!
@luke, the week before christmas will do also, lol.
@anova, just got a notification for the european version, talking about influx of new orders, and a retooling process to optimize production. i sincerely hope that the ks orders will be shipped as promised, which is end of november for me. i don't care about the rest (non-ks orders). please explain the impact of this mail.
serious? another delay because of retooling for voltage? i could deal with it eventually showing up in time for christmas cooking, but now it will be shipped in january. ridiculous.
got an email that mine will be delivered some time in january. meh.
backer number in the 2400s here; just got the e-mail about an hour ago asking me to set up my account.
heads up to canadians. got mine today from fedex, had to pay $25.94 in duties and taxes.
okay, literally one minute after i posted my previous comment, my order was shipped. i assume others in the range between 1800-2000 will follow soon.
@lorcan it's good to know that other people with similar backer ids (i'm 1800-ish) also haven't got their units shipped yet. i was afraid something with my order got messed up, but the delay seems to be usual.
@adam.  you're correct.  it hasn't been updated.  however, the document was generated prior to the issue of the delay with the red and white units. just guessing but i would imagine with some people electing to switch to black and some staying with red or white if they updated the document now that it would create a hailstorm of confusion.  it's probably best to just wait patiently.
quote from one of their kicker starter announcements: "you can access that chart by following this link. this document will also be updated in realtime, so you will always have access to the most current status." - am i looking at an outdated document or hasn't this been updated for well over a week? looks like i was only updated once when they changed from groups to backer ids
@hector nice one mate, so i'm backer #1903. please keep in mind that i'm not trying to complain or anything. i'm just excited at the thought of finally cooking a steak to its exact specifications. hopefully i'll receive my pledge this week like other international backers. cheers
@ lorcan    what is your backer #? click here to go to the backer history page  https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings… then go to "collected pledges" and find the anova pledge and then click on it, a window will pop up and it will tell you what your backer # is.
@jesal right so now i'm confused. haven't received a shipping or create an a/c notice yet but i'm in with the early backers which states my estimated fulfillment date was last friday. plus i received an email to switch my colourway to black which i did even though i originally requested red a while back now. no idea where i stand with this but i'm hopefully i'll receive my item sometime with week. surely...
@julian benner: they changed their minds about the shipping order, because a lot of early backers went with the multi-packs and would have ended up having to wait until after people who backed later got their rewards.  it was shipping in reward order, now it's shipping in backer number order. and of course, those of us holding out for red/white have to wait even longer, so you'll probably get yours pretty soon anyhow. :)
@chris birkett.  you are correct.
i'm confused. weren't the anovas meant to be shipped in order? upon receiving the email, i immediately created an account. although i chose the early bird reward, it still says "unfulfilled" (for my black anova), whereas some early bird ii backers already seem to have received their device.
i don't remember having the option to choose red. is this the only available color besides black and white? i chose black cause it will fit into any kitchen im afraid white is gonna go yellowish after some time.
everyone seriously complaining about shipping dates should take this as a learning experience and steer clear of kickstarter in the future. if you think a $2m kickstarter project that is actually able to start shipping within its projected eta and can't instantly get 10,500 units out the door is a real issue, then kickstarter is not the site for you. if you think a delay of a few weeks to retool for a colour quality control issue while production is ongoing is a real issue, then kickstarter is not the site for you. wait for the product to be available through regular retail channels and buy it then.
got mine earlier this week, i was in the first batch of backers. worked great the first time! i agree that the packaging was impressive, but it would be better if there was an easy way to store it back in the box. the device seems pretty sturdy, so i'm not too worried about it. so far i just used a big stockpot, maybe i'll get a cambro and store it in there.  i just ordered a bag of cheap ping pong balls to reduce evaporation.  all that is missing is the app!
received mine. odd packaging. the cylinder "box," although unique is not user-friendly for storage. additionally, i am unsure if it was an oversight, or being "green," but my unit shipped without any written instruction booklet. i would like a booklet. i realize that everything can be found online now, but it would be better with a booklet. i loan mine to friends and i would like them to know how to take care of it. i have not had an opportunity to use it yet, however i own the first model and it is fantastic! i imagine the 2nd model is even better.
i'm wondering about the android version as well since that's what we have....i'm an android dev if you guys need a hand w/ it...
emailed to switch mine to  red, but black was shipped a few days later :-p order fulfillment needs work...
i was one of the first backers.  about 2 hours into the campaign.  i still have received nothing but stupid emails from "support."   i am beyond pissed off.  never again.
eta was on nov 6. haven't receive any notifications yet via email.
received my unit today. i'm in vancouver. had to pay $24 in taxes. not the end of the world but still something. just a heads up for fellow canadians.
how can i know my backer no. , i cannot found it
i received mine yesterday and it is perfect.  the quality really shows, from the unique packaging to the feel of the materials.  i could not be happier. thank you anova for doing such a good job!
for people that are wondering, i'm still updating the spreadsheet ! form : http://goo.gl/forms/303cv1nucl responses : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bb0wt_uuglc02yfadb120fi8njm0gmtfqu3w2gldooe/pubhtml… edit ? mail : formanovakick@gmail.com
didn't get any confirmation mail yet ... ? anyone having the same state as me?
just switched to black.. didn't even remember choosing red.. i'd rather have the red.. but i'd rather not wait another month either.     if just switched will i get it in the correct batch for my order?
just received mine. i see updates about the iphone app but no mention at all on the state of the android app. can we please get an update on it?
got my address update the other day but it wouldn't let me change the address (needed to change states). i emailed anova within 3 hours of the original email but they got back to me 3 days later after my device had already shipped. fortunately for me, i used a family address so i'll get my unit but pretty frustrated at the whole experience. i know a lot of people have stated that buying from kickstarter is not like buying from a store, it is more of an investment, but in the case of a company that actually exists and is still selling its original model on amazon, i expected more.
@lorcan they've sent mine to the uk via fedex, not sure about other international deliveries. expected delivery on tuesday.
for my canadian friends, please double-check this info, however, i believe this is a good start for you to work towards avoiding brokerage scam by carriers. http://trueler.com/2010/09/13/ups-brokerage-fees-total-scam-fraud-cheating-avoid-it/
never mind about the app question - found what i needed in an update.
hopefully they didn't use fedex for international deliveries as i'd probably end up paying for another precision cooker in delivery fees alone. when does the app go live for ios? surely if peeps are receiving theirs (mine comes tomorrow *fingers crossed*) that should mean the app should be along promptly, if not already and i just can't find it. any ideas?
"the other thing that crossed my mind is that we had a long chat about a completely different topic with the driver before he left so maybe he forgot...?" fedex will probably not though!
seems like anova got a deal from fedex, and we get the huge fees!
fedex has charged me fees everytime i got a package from them, not so with usps.
when? when? when? this is taking sooooo long. it was supposed to ship in oct.
mine is supposed to arrive friday so i'll report back if i didn't have any extra fees or if i had to pay and you just did a really good job of distracting the driver ;)
likewise - $80+ on a $200 item that i had saved and saved and saved for many years ago. i could barely afford the item that i bought - the brokerage was just a kick in the teeth. the other thing that crossed my mind is that we had a long chat about a completely different topic with the driver before he left so maybe he forgot...?
@michael lebeau interesting. i'm in vancouver as well, hopefully i don't have to pay brokerage or taxes either. don't think i've gotten anything from fed ex before but i have been hit pretty hard by ups in the past.
@sean nygren - vancouver @mark prince - i find that i get dinged by usps (i.e. canada post/cbsa) more frequently with usps than with fedex. i've only had brokerage with fedex once. and i've had some pretty petty examinations via canada post. like under $50 kind of petty. but it's easy for me to say as i didn't get charged this time.
@mark prince yeah, agreed. in the faq it says: "for domestic shipments, we use fedex. for international shipments, we use dhl or usps." looks like they're considering us-canada as domestic, or something changed (most likely a better deal via fedex). overall happy that it arrived so close to the estimated timeframe, but following through with usps/dhl would have been really nice.
received my unit yesterday and can't wait to try it out.  i can say that the packaging was pretty impressive.  rarely find something that well packaged.  the unit itself is gorgeously designed and looks even better than it did in pictures.
i really wish anova had shipped this via usps to canada. they would have saved their canadian bakers as much as $40 or more by doing this, since canada post doesn't really collect duties or taxes on goods under $150 these days. but fedex and ups will do it even on goods valued at $20, and add hefty brokerage fees to the mix. thank you for the additional expense, anova. :(
fyi for folks: early bird ii here, just got my shipping notice.
i'm in ontario
i'm backer ~#2500 and received my doing notice today. getting excited!
michael and dan whereabouts in canada are you both located? i find it strange one had to pay taxes/brokerage and other didn't. maybe it depends where in canada?
michael you lucky duck. i'm also a canadian backer. my shipment came in today. fedex charged import duties/taxes at $25.81 ($14.51 tax + 11.30 fedex brokerage fee). just a heads up to fellow canucks
fedex has come, one black unit in hand. no brokerage, taxes, duties, etc. couldn't be better!
ugh!!!! i just got my shipping notice, but they are sending me 2 blacks when i ordered 1 black and 1 red. i sent them a support email a few days ago about it and they still shipped it wrong. i forwarded them the email showing my survey response, so they better get back to me soon. i don't want 2 black units. i want 1 black and 1 red. get with it anova and start answering your support emails!
just got my shipping notice for the surf & turf i. backer in the 1200s as i dropped the early bird beforehand. switched both units to black. yay!
just got mine today.  i was backer #539 and backed the founder's club tier.  i already have the anova one and this is a gift, so i won't be using it, but judging from the quality of the anova one, i have no doubt that this will be a great product.
hi @jennifer - would you mind suggesting some websites that could advise more on this?  and nice veggies/broth type dishes that would go well with using sous vide?  thanks for your help!
@sagar vegetables are amazing using sous vide. the texture and bite/crunch is perfect. you won't get over or under cooked vegetables (if you follow correct times & temps). i highly recommend it.
@sagar shah.  it cooks vegetables quite well. just google sous vide vegetables.  however,  if you would prefer to sell it i'd probably take it from you if your price is low enough.  ( already have 4 coming )
can anyone suggest vegetarian and non seafood uses for this ? i ordered impulsively and now don't know of uses. alternatively if anyone wants to buy a black from me please let me know. i  can ship once i receive it on friday.  thanks! sagar
@marie-andree poisson - i think fedex ground and fedex ie are different. in any event, i'll find out tomorrow and will report back. @slobodan tabakovich - supported/backed/invested with a return of one of the products - semantics aside, the point people are making is that this isn't a store with a guaranteed timeline. it's a "help us get this going and in exchange, we will give you this when it's ready...and we're hoping it will be ready on xx date" situation.
@mads storm andersen.  start getting excited!  i just received my searzall last week and fired it up on a steak that i cooked sous vide with the anova 1.  oh my goodness!     beef,  electronic gadget,  fire.... it just doesn't get any better.  bon appétit.
why are some people throwing around the word "investment"? we did not invest into this company in any shape or form nor did we invest into their product. there will be no dividends shared on any grounds. we "supported" the product, not the company, the only "benefit" we'll have is the pre-set, pre-agreed-on unit(s) listed by the price we chose/paid. so, not an "investment" at all, just to be clear.
@michael lebeau fedex international economy to canada? it will probably be a lot more than $24 in taxes/brokerage fees. usps is cheap compared to fedex on that side. at least, they didn't choose ups who are bordeline crooks on this.
i hope they don't ship by usps to denmark. have a searzall(good timing) in transit. since 21/oct status have not been updated. this happens all the time. it is handed over to danish postal service and then i will get it when get it.. fedex/dhl ect are lightning fast compared to using usps.
for those of you wondering, it's being shipped to canada via fedex international economy. i'll find out on wednesday what that means for brokerage fees. i just had a similarly priced item shipped up via usps (a bit more at ~$150 for subaru crossbars) from new york. i had to pay $24 for duties/brokerage. more than just gst, for sure. but not terrible, overall.
@jeffrey jee - i'm willing to put money down that they won't in order to minimize their shipping costs and to avoid the extra administration of trying to manage inventory flow with partial shipments.
anybody know if you got surf and turf if they ll ship the black unit before the white unit?
i just got my shipping notice for my founders club backing. i don't expect to get my shipping notice for my precision pack backing until december as i have red and white in there. just so you guys know that things are happening.
when will the apps be available?
@aldo lorenzo the outer box on my anova was 25" x 6.5" x 6.5".
@ellen - you nailed it. you *invested* in anova via kickstarter, you didn't order something from the kickstarter store. if you look at some of the other kickstarter project investments, a three month "slip" due to the response largely is nothing. i had a couple where the delivery time was 12 months outside plan. but i did get what i wanted not something that was "good enough" to ship. i looked at sensaire when they were a project and the nomu too but went with anova and having their original unit i am glad i did. it's worked flawlessly for me, its built like a tank (as you would expect from a company with experience in lab equipment) - i am not sorry i passed on the sensaire or nomu. trust me, it's going to be worth the wait - i am holding out for the red stretch goal unit...
anyone knows the dimensions of the packaging? im having it shipped internationally via forwarder.
supposed to get my anova cooker by the end of october (originally, september).  now it's december.  first time i invested with kickstarter; feeling very disillusioned.   thinking maybe i should've bought a sensaire.  the anova website kicks me to a survey. very disappointed.
@hector 100% agreement, but largely because i was impacted.  i'm backer # 1763, and originally backed the "early bird."  bolstered by my confidence in anova's ability to deliver a quality product, combined with an effort to hit the "stainless" stretch goal, i swapped out for a surf & turf ii.  had anova kept to its schedule, i'd have to wait an additional three weeks as the price for my enthusiasm.
@dax wagner: go to your backer history (https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings…) and click on the name of the project.  you'll get a popup that has (among other information about the project) a little gearish looking icon and #1111 (with your actual backer number instead) to the right of it.
i disagree that it's necessarily fairer.  if backer #400 was originally an founder's club, and switched to a 10 pack later when they became available, and backers #401-#409 all ordered single units, also founder's club, less than ten minutes after backer #10 originally ordered, they now have to wait 9 more units for backer #400 to get all of his units before they get theirs.  that might not seem a big deal, but if a lot of early backers did that, people who are just waiting for one unit might have to wait several days over a matter of ten minutes. that said, as long as they're consistent one way or the other, i don't think you can ever be 'perfectly' fair.  not over 10k plus backers, and even more units.  it's just not necessarily fair either way.
according to the newest update, shipping is based on backer id#, but how do i see what my actual backer id# is?
anova was mentioned in the latest issue of wired. page 86. they have a page about sous vide cooking where they mention the cooker.
@ispark  yes it is an issue is that they did not say what they were doing when they were doing it/or after they did it.  we should try to understand that it is fairer doing it the way it is currently being done versus the former method.  i personally would not have been affected much or at all by it, but i can understand how others would have been because i have been affected in that manner in other campaigns that shipped by pledge level versus backer chronology.
whether it's fairer or not isn't the question.  the real problem is that they sent out an update saying, basically "look and see when your unit is shipping!" and then changed the order without telling people it had been updated.  that leads to people freaking out when their unit doesn't arrive, etc. and while such delays and things are well within the scope of what i expect from a kickstarter, i expect to have them /announced/ and /explained/.  in kickstarter updates, preferably, or private messages to backers. i'm still looking forward to getting my device, even though i have to wait a while.  i just want anova to be better about communicating the process to me.
@hector - you could be right that it is the fariest way - but still it is annoying to get rearranged - and it is even without any notice.
usually more choices just makes things more troublesome all around. i'd like to see a kickstarter that followed the henry ford school of thought. any color you like as long as its black.
doing it by backer # is the fairest way... changing your pledge level shouldn't change your backer # as far as i know. shipping it out by pledge level would have been unfair. if some new backer had just swooped in the last few hours/days before the campaign ended and pledged for an "early bird" left vacant by an original early bird backer choosing another pledge level, e.g a multi-cooker level it would cause two things to happen, firstly that new 'late' early bird backer would get his/hers sooner than all the other people that had actually pledged before that backer chronologically and the original early bird would be penalized for backing multiple units because that level would be shipped out later.
this is so common guys...  it pretty much always happens... because it is inefficient (and costly) to do a small factory run of black first and then a small amount of white and then a small amount of red and then back to black and then white and then red and then repeat.  what you would normally do is to limit your color in the beginning of your run to a single color which is the main or the one with the largest quantity. i liked the red myself from the beginning, but i knew (ok, i didn't actually know... but from experience the main color is always the one that ships first) that the secondary colors will ship later on due to a variety of reasons, sometimes it is because there's light bleed when the material is lighter and more translucent, sometimes the material itself is actually not the same as the original color so you have to go through a few revisions until you get the color just right, etc.
ooh, turns out i'm backer #91, and founders club, so i was always going to be one of the first. wonder when they'll actually start shipping though. i get that it says 7th nov as the expected completion for the first 2000 (up from 4th for founders club), but i wonder when they'll start.
it's fair enough that there are production and shipping delays, these things happen, but the inconsistent communication is a killer. within one day of ks update #19 the shipping order has changed from backer tier to backer id, in some cases changing people's shipping date by weeks, with nothing from anova. then the delay to red and white units is announced on http://community.anovaculinary.com/discussions, with nothing mentioned on ks. surely this would have been known when the ks update was done? c'mon anova, it's a fantastic product you've got, and your backers are mostly a positive bunch. you can see that all the comments on the actual device are positive (mine included), and it's just the updates that cause people to post negative comments. make the most of that support and let people know what's going on early and often.
don't really mind a short delay for the alternate colours, but are there any 'real life' pics of the red units, or are you yet to produce a completed red unit? are the delays due to colour accuracy or component issues?
yeah, same here, andrew.  especially when they posted one thing, then changed it without an announcement.  (or at least an announcement on kickstarter.)  it may be more fair (though there's an argument it's not fair to make people who bought one wait for someone who bought ten, too, even if the person who bought ten pledged first). but fair or not fair, changing the order without announcing it is just fishing for upset people who want to know where their shipping notification is when they saw it was in the first week of november and now it's the last. i'm still hoping we'll see an update addressing that and whatever the mysterious unanticipated delay affecting only black and red is.
on the one hand i can understand the shipping order being organised by backing number - but to change it so soon after posting about how it would be organised by pledge tier smacks of disorganisation. a three week delay to the shipping date is just added annoyance.
@kresten:  i know what you mean.  i hate to be critical, because i've been pretty enthusiastic and on the side of "chill out", but all of these rapid changes in different directions seem super disorganized and give me a bit of pause.  literally it's: 1) no information at all about shipping. 2) an incredibly detailed list of what pledge group will be shipped when.  everyone's happy 3) just 2 days later, we're informed of a problem with 2 of the 3 colors that completely contradicts #2. 4) sometime without announcement they completely revise the order of shipping from pledge group to backer number.
hmmm, i'm backer #20 but chose white... what happens now once i switch to black? will i get my cooker soon?
wow - changing the shipping order pushed my shipment 3 weeks :/ even though it could be more fair, it is really annoying when they already told me one date :/ thats a bummer!
people need to chill the hell out. kickstarter is not an online web store. the anova's you can get in a week are the "classic" units before this kickstarter. i have one of those and based on my dealings with anova, i'm not worried my money is going to disappear without a "reward" for my "pledge". if you really have a deadline of a particular date then buy one of the existing stock units. if you ran a kickstarter project and it was massively subscribed by a factor of x10, would you honestly say you could do better ? it's easy to moan from the sidelines...
currently, red is only available to backers of this kickstarter project and not even available if you order from anova website.  that mean it is rare and i like red so that it can match my kitchenaid stand mixer, so i still prefer to receive red color even though that mean i need to wait until december.  never mind, i still got anova 1 with me now and i still can wait.
i just noticed the shipping order has now changed from by groups to backer id. while i understand that makes sense and should have been done that way the first time, for users like me it now means i've been dropped back 15 days. changing mid way is extremely disappointing to have further delays.
where are you guys seeing that there's a delay. i haven't gotten an email and can't find what you're quoting.
sad that red is pushed back a freaking month.  i switched over, because i want the unit, more than the color.
'early'? i'm sorry, that was a terrible subject line.  you just told us this week our anovas were shipping soon, and now you suggest 'early' by which you mean 'according to the already given timeline'. unforeseen delays happen, but here's a hint: when you're already pushing towards late, don't call that early.  especially when 'early' is the 'previously given timeline'. i'd also like to know what went wrong in some kind of detail.
would kinda be nice know know more about what went wrong, rather than this brief email.   i'm sticking with my original choice. really disappointed that i won't have it for thanksgiving.  i'm having a bad streak with these things lately.  coin, seek thermal, and now anova...
bummer about the delay for red and missing thanksgiving...
"get cooking sooner! due to an unforeseen delay, the red and white precision cookers won't be available until the first week of december. however if you'd like to receive your unit(s) earlier, you have the option to switch your color preference to black." pebble al over again?
i too put my kickstarter "name" in that field. hopefully they will figure it out.
it looks like the swapped the levels to backer id in the shipping list...probably after all the complaining here.  the backer id can be found by looking in your backer history and clicking on the + icon.  it was so much simpler when they were just shipping by group. now with the delay on red and white, does that mean that if it's scheduled to be delivered later that it won't be delayed anymore?
i put the name on my kickstarter account but i am a bit worried that may not be correct. hoping this doesn't delay my delivery...
anyone know what they mean by "backer id" in surveymonkey? kickstarter email address?
unforeseen delays with the white and red models, huh?  guess that explains the absense of those colours in the update photos.
"you can please some of the people all of the time, you can please all of the people some of the time, but you can’t please all of the people all of the time”. john lydgate
mmmm, i'm pretty sure i can actuaaly complain about the order in which units are shipped.  i have not even received a tracking number yet fir my hacker's special beta unit!!! ... and no response to my queries about this status either!
any shipping arrangement won't please everyone as long as it is not ship to all backers at the same time.  mine is founders club and i am sure i am one of the first 300 backers.  even until now, i still haven't receive any email.  but knowing that my unit will at least ship to me by nov 4, i am fine with that.
while i am happy the shipping has started in october, like promised, i am disappointed in the order the units are being shipped. i backed the project within hours of it coming online and originally backed the early bird special 1. the day the surf and turf backer level was released i backed for 2 units instead of one. now, since i changed my pledge i have to wait an additional week for all the single order units to be filled first. that doesn't seem very fair.
with regards to my previous comment, i had misread the shipping chart. the estimated ship clearing date is not the same day as would be expected from the days left, so there are still quite a few days for them to email founders club backers.
andrew, i just received mine about three hours ago. i was backer #978. per their update of today, they're saying all founds club will ship by tuesday.
are there any founders club backers who have not yet received the email? i haven't as of yet, and as such i'm confused as to how they're going to manage to ship all those units in the next two days.
i've had one of the hacker special units for about 6 weeks now, and it's probably done 250-300 hours of cooking. everything from eggs, steaks, ribs, veggies, desserts, fish, defrosting, wine chilling, you name it. i've used different cooking vessels from a small pot that only just fits the unit up to a 5 gallon cambro. the cooking operations of the unit are flawless. heats up very fast in a small pot (less than 5 mins from room temp to 135f), takes a bit longer in the cambro, maintains perfect temperature. the circulator part is very powerful, and you will get a lot of water movement, even in a large cooking vessel, so cold spots shouldn't be an issue. the user interface for the dev units was a bit quirky as expected, but still easily usable. from the photos of the production units, it looks like they have made some changes from the dev units. the mounting clamp design is good, and lets you use different sized vessels easily. hope that helps, let me know if you have any more questions.
i'd love to see some indepth reviews too.
anybody here who has received theirs and would like to comment on it?  i'd like to hear some real-world reviews.
@jeffery matt -- excellent.  glad to see that was fixed, because wow was that a terrible idea.
hope they can speed up shipping in somehow so i can get it before thanksgivings.
well that sucks - looks like i'm in the last group now with delivery expected dec. 1. oh well, at least they are shipping unlike some of the other kickstarters i've backed.
this is a fun update (albeit a bit disappointing, but i understand why). people like me, who increased my support of the project, are delayed in receiving units (i went from early bird to precision pack). good thing i have my other email address with the founders club order in place to ensure that i'll have one sooner than later! and really, two or three weeks in the grand scheme of things is no big deal...but the excitement! oh the excitement!
this is the most organized and well run kickstarter i've ever been a part of.  i love the chart showing ship dates.  can't wait to get the product.
the new status update chart makes sense and i do hope they can keep on track. thanks anova! link to chart:  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lnaqr6c4gak9veoknpj7gqspdij7r-v5idtj8n82jli/pubhtml…
oh well doh. glenn is a southern neighbour from belgium!  /wave :)
i'd be interested to know what kind of numbers anova is currently able to ship on a weekly basis, and whether these are just black units, or also reds and whites. from glenn vanspauwen's (hi dutch descent!) google doc, it would appear anova is basically working through the founders club alphabetically right now, with aaron, bsd and by having received or having had a shipping notification. cory (oh look, we're at c now ;)) has his in as well, which would further strengthen this assumption. it'd be nice if anova could share some insight into the process of shipping this many units :)
i just got mine on tuesday, and cooked a flat iron steak with it.  amazing!  when is the android app supposed to be coming out?
@lspark to answer our shared question. i just read through the developer terms and conditions and the controversial clause "2.2 limitations and non-competition" appears to have been removed. i read through the t&c's and there's nothing there that suggests that you can't make apps to control other sv setups. i think it's now a non-issue. i found the terms here:  http://developers.anovaculinary.com/application-developer-license-agreement.html
and don't forget us windows phone users...
@michael acks, i was wondering that too.  no mention of the android app (again).
tonight's update mentions the iphone app...did that mean specifically the iphone and that android is good to go or was that meant to say mobile app?
i bought on the first day, first hour in fact.  i got a "create your account" email last week.
i've gotta say - i'm getting excited about this. i love cooking sous vide but find my dorkfood dsv with our old slow cooker to be a bit of a hassle at times. just picked up a g3h (4800 series) foodsaver at costco last week (it was on sale in canada for $35 off). i'm glad i have more than one coming, too. i'll be running 72 hour short ribs in one while cooking tonight's (metaphorically - nothing is coming today - don't get excited) salmon in another. gonna be great! plus, as my wife is pregnant, i'll probably pasteurize eggs in the dsv setup. she misses yolks, hah.
@lspark good question.
out of curiosity, did anyone ever hear if there actually were any changes to the developer terms?
@ anova have you ever officially confirmed the results of the poll for the chromed vs. brushed finish on the ring?  all your latest update photos appear to suggest the winner was brushed, but i don't seem to recall seeing anything official around that... and would you be willing to release the breakdown of colour choice amongst us backers?  would be interesting to see how many people chose each colour and even get some data on which were most popular amongst funding groups, countries, etc.
@li yan yam - you're assuming that all the stock has been shipped from its country of origin (i'm guessing china) to the usa already.  i'd hope they kept enough stock in that part of the world to fulfil customers in asia-pac without having to ship them to the us first and then back again.
yes, indeed aaron. i was counting the founders club as "early birds" in the idiomatic expression sense of the phrase, but i do expect that they would have more than enough to get through most of the people that pledged on day 1 within the first week or two. shipping out 200 per day @ 5 days a week... that's 1000 per week.
@dotcodotuk that would take so long though. google tells me it takes 35 days to reach australia (not including waiting for a ship, since one doesn't leave everyday to the location you are after) then you take into account shipping and handling within australia.
shipping-wise, i hope they take a similar approach to the  sansaire kickstarter and ship containers full of stock to suitable locations around the world and then arrange individual shipment from there via a freight forwarder. that approach makes life easier for anova from an administrative perspective and it works out a lot more cost-effective than shipping thousands of individual boxes overseas.
@mark crum lol
@aaron :  after you made your entry : http://goo.gl/forms/303cv1nucl you can send a mail to formanovakick@gmail.com with the things you want to change and i'll edit it for you.don't forget to send your nickname. this is the safest way to do this!
@aaron.  wrong! we should go alphabetically. sincerely,  aamark aacrum
@hector one correction i would make is that the founder's club was actually the first set of backers even before all of the early birds, i would hope that founder's club people would get the first anovas then the early birds in order after that. i don't know where the surf and turf and more fit in the sequence but i hope there is a way for anova to fulfill in something close to backer order. @glenn cool idea, but how do you edit your entry when something changes? i only see a way to make new entries or view the spreadsheet. thanks for putting that together!
thanks hector!
and if you only want to check the response : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bb0wt_uuglc02yfadb120fi8njm0gmtfqu3w2gldooe/pubhtml…
i had the idea to make a google form to keep track of the shipping ! if you want you can fill this in : http://goo.gl/forms/303cv1nucl so whe can all see when to expect our anova. please do edit your entry when something changed (when it's shipped or you received a e-mail) instead of making a new one ! so whe can keep track !
@ kresten part 2 1: will the early bird backers get the anova first ? early birds got special pricing and backed first so i would expect that most early birds would get theirs first... except of course... if the color they chose has not been completely manufactured as yet... i.e. white, red. 2: would you recommend a cheap vacuum packer or just using water to empty the bag from air ? if a vacuum packer then which one ? you can use a cheap vacuum packer... even as cheap as using regular ziploc bags with a thriftyvac which you can get on amazon now (it started on kickstarter). 3: any good ideas to get a cheap isolated pot ? many thanks in advance :) see my other response below about what you can do with the pot.  short version, small bubble wrap on top of the water and radiant barrier bubble wrap on the sides and bottom.  you could also use a quilt :-d http://www.amazon.com/infrastop-double-bubble-reflective-insulation/dp/b00dgtvgka/
@lspark... they should have some kind of idea of who pledged for what first. the campaign was started on may 6, 2014... i pledged on morning of may 6 2014 and although a 1000+ also pledged on that same day i would expect to be in the early first wave.
@kresten... for a 'short cook' the heat loss will certainly depend on the average ambient temperature inside your kitchen or chosen place for cooking. what you can and many do, including myself, is to insulate the pot by using bubble wrap or radiant/thermal barrier which is reflective foil sandwiching a sheet of bubble wrap... based on data that i have collected from two long-ish cooks (24 and 36 hours) the savings start to become even more beneficial as the long the cook goes on because the heat trapped inside just has to be "topped up" every so often with the use of the cooker's heating element.
yes tim, it will work without the/an app.
so quick question if anyone knows - the units are on time but the app might not be: will this work without an app?
kresten:  one thing to recognize is that the typical sv cooking temp is pretty low so heat loss is going to be similarly lower. i'd only really worry about heat loss/increased power use on very long cooks.
lspark - thank you for your input :)  regarding the pot - im just thinking that if i use a regular metal cooking pot there will be a lot of heat loss to the surroundings with a high electricity consumption as result? but maybe it is not that bad?
1) don't think anyone but anova can answer that one, alas.  they've said they'll ship in some kind of 'priority' order but that hasn't been explained. 2) unless you have another reason to get a vacuum sealer, i'd stick with water displacement until you decide if you want to invest that much more.  i have and like my foodsaver, but it's not ideal for all foods: for instance, it provide too much compression to hamburger.  i also buy food in bulk and store it with the aid of the foodsaver, though. 3) do you mean 'isolated' or 'insulated'?  for an insulated vessel on the cheap, i recommend a cheap styrofoam cooler; you can cut a hole in the lid for the circulator to rest in.  otherwise, almost anything you can fasten it to will work; there's no reason to go out and buy something unless you really have nothing big enough.  you can, eventually, but figure out what your needs are, first.
hello fellow backers - i have 3 questions you can maybe help me with. 1: will the early bird backers get the anova first ? 2: would you recommend a cheap vacuum packer or just using water to empty the bag from air ? if a vacuum packer then which one ? 3: any good ideas to get a cheap isolated pot ? many thanks in advance :)
for 220v-240v version, is heating power still 800w or higher, just like anova one?
correction.. .used it a bit.
no one needs a cambro container to start.  the unit clips onto just about any container that you may have. start with a kitchen pot. you'll figure out whether what other size container fits your needs after you have used it a vit.
i am wondering, i noted cambro container actually slightly smaller than rubbermaid. rubbermaid is 5 gallon whereas cambro only 4.75 gallon.  both are made by clear polycarbonate. so, if possible, i may choose rubbermaid over cambro.  is that any problem with rubbermaid container?
jeezo. you wait ages then two cone along all at once. but thanks @anova for the updates. really excited to cook sous vide for the very first time. now to amazon for a vacuum sealer and cambro container.  the other half will probably have a fit with yet more kitchen gadg but i'm sure once i make her first steak, all will be forgotten
for the record, i don't believe there was ever an "update" anywhere else. someone on the anova forum site asked if there was a planned shipping date. someone answered "late october" and commented that they were working on an update which then occurred here on kickstarter.
lol at the lord of the flies comment.  i'm guessing you've not taken part in many campaigns...this one has been very civil.
chrome vs. brushed?? just curious- which one won?
the update says we'll get logins/shipped in priority order. does that mean earlier early birds first?
kickstarter is not a store. when i order something from a store, it's a known quantity and a very boring process.  if they're backordered and it takes a while to ship, i expect a notification of when shipping will be and then eventually a tracking number. but kickstarter is about backer enthusiasm for the project.  we want to be involved.  getting updates is a little addictive.  seeing the project form is fun. i'm not particularly angry about the lack of updates, but i am disappointed.  it's especially frustrating to me when project creators abandon kickstarter and say "well, follow my twitter/facebook/personal blog to find out what's going on."  i certainly have never seen the project creator back end, but it can only be so hard to post an update you've already written for someplace else.
michael a lot of people in here (including me) want to be informed along the way, not just at the beginning (to get money) and the end of a project. some want to be "reassured that things are progressing as expected", some want to "feel like you care about them", and some, like me, want to be part of all the experience. that is what ks is supposed to provide to backers. otherwise, it is called a store!
people are neither 'going insane' nor acting like 'it's like lord of the flies' in here, michael.  as you yourself point out, anova had specified october shipping and one of their priorities after october 1st had rolled around should have been to provide an update on the situation - that's customer service 101. speaking of which, we should neither be expected or required to search out information from other sources about what is going on.  it's not exactly rocket science to have a bi-weekly schedule of potential updates that you post to kickstarter (and other media outlets, if necessary) about your progress, especially when it performs the dual tasks of reassuring your customers that things are progressing as expected and makes them feel like you care about them.  i know from previous experience that you probably ought to worry when it all goes quiet on kickstarter - a sentiment shared by many on here, i'd wager. but thankfully we've finally had an update to say all is well - good news indeed, which has no doubt prompted a collective sigh of relief from the restless masses.  hopefully anova can keep it up throughout the final phases.
this is my first kickstarter that have so much backer and can shipping it on time for first guy :).
everyone needs to take a deep breath. a company made a promise of october shipping and if you knew where to look, could have confirmed that with them. then, in october, in the middle of the month (not the end!), they proceeded to inform us all that they're on track. you don't hear something by october 10 and you're going insane. it's like lord of the flies in here. very happy that they're on track and shipping this month. we'll see how many get out this month but regardless, it's a massive undertaking and they're moving along. let's be happy that it's going as smoothly as it is.
a wild update appeared!
will the orders be shipping by priority of your backer # regardless of your location? or will the u.s. backers be receiving there's before canada/international backers regardless of backer #?
they are more active on their message boards: http://community.anovaculinary.com.  if you have a question, go there.  i've heard that the kickstarter back end is a pain in the butt, and that is why you generally see fewer updates on ks.  if you have questions, ask them there, the anova people are good at getting back with answers.
and it's not even like this is the first time there has been a large gathering of people on kickstarter asking for an update. the exact same thing happened about a month ago, the fact that we're still in a situation where there has been no information from the company is frustrating.
sorry, that was the last gen version. got confused...
i just saw that i can buy an anova on amazon prime with 2 days shipping, but we still haven't as much as received an update on when we're supposed to get ours... poor form...
what makes it worse is someone from @anova is logging into this account and must therefore be reading the comments section and doing sfa about it
obviously, posting recepies on twitter three times a day is way more important than saying anything at all to their backers.
is it too late to make an update a stretch goal?
kind of ridiculous that they are not updating here...
they posted a comment in their forum that they're estimating delivery in late october: http://community.anovaculinary.com/discussion/38/expected-delivery they also said they'd be posting an update last week, but that obviously hasn't happened yet. regardless, this information should have been made available here.
if you don't deliver, update! if you do deliver, update!
anova?
send us an update please!
sooo "estimated delivery: oct 2014", that's now. how about an update? :)
another project which people have to beg on their knees for updates. shame on you @anova.
the natives are getting restless.
wheres the update on delivery???
+1 update
come on, anova - you're hardly a fledgling business or wet behind the ears when it comes to launching a product.  you should be providing your backers with regular updates, even if it's about the most minuscule of things.  and if you've truly got nothing to say, an update to say that is preferable to saying nothing!
+1 update.
@marie-andre poisson +1. as with any other project i back, i expect to be kept in the loop. unfortunately, the creators of crowdfunded projects do not seem to look at it that way (in almost any project, a few exemptions notwithstanding)
@marie-andre poisson +1 we backed this on kickstarter and we deserve to be kept in the loop through kickstarter. i'm not going to there website/facebook blah blah blah the very least they can do is inform us of what's going on whether that's good or bad on here
update maybe anova? forum is nice for discussion (well, maybe), but not for update per se. last update is more than 1 month old.
shipping date yet? personally i don't like the forums page, hard to navigate/
@martin weng ooops, medium rare is 54.4c sorry :) http://www.seriouseats.com/2010/03/how-to-sous-vide-steak.html
@martin weng check out douglas baldwin's page for indicative times: http://www.douglasbaldwin.com/sous-vide.html#table_5.1 for medium rare you might want to do it at 57.7c, and time depends on the thickness and cut of the meat. for a decent slab of say rump, you are looking for at least 2-2.5 hours.
wow i really can't wait already oct :d saw all food on fb make me want to have it more and more
as delivery is edging ever closer. any news on who will be delivering these within the eu. i will have to pay import tax as i'm in the uk and will probably be quite expensive
@ martin weng.  sounds doable. i've done 12 lbs ( 5.5 kgs) short ribs for 72 hrs in a 40 qt ice chest for a crowd of people with the anova v1. that's a larger container than it's rated to handle but , start with hot water and make sure it's an insulated cooler so the cooker doesn't have to work so hard. make sure you have adequate water circulation space between steaks. cook time and temp? you'll have to google that.
what is the max amount of meat i can cook? do you think i can do 12 precut steaks that weigh 400g a piece, and how long do they need to cook?
@ marie-andree - -  thanks!  i'm glad to hear that. . .  my feelings would have been hurt.  :)
anova team we are nearing delivery date any news how we are doing? ontrack or in the ballpark ?
@sue what you are referencing there is v1, not v2.
@michael actually, both models are on sale on their site. as for delivery date for v2, let hope that its after sending them to ks backers. http://anovaculinary.com/pages/products
everybody wondering about the models for sale on their website... that's the original model. we all backed the new version with the new bells and whistles. relax peeps.
how is it that non-backers can get their cooker thursday, and backers have to wait until late october?  is the model for sale on amazon different from what backers will be receiving? http://www.amazon.com/anova-sous-vide-immersion-circulator/dp/b00gt753w8/ref=sr_1_1…
@marie-andree,   bon appétit ! ( in late october )
wow crum, haven't heard of that one since high school! congrats on your high knowledge in mathematics, but not in ks guidelines.
kickstarter updates should be required in kickstarter. not another site.
they mentioned on their community page yesterday that they are on schedule for late october and that they are working on an update for this week.
hey poisson, distribution of information is now on their community page.  (pun intended)
update on ks! i fallow many projects on ks and want the updates here.
http://community.anovaculinary.com/discussion/37/expected-ship-date#latest as of 2 days ago, they are on track to ship on time.
well, not all campaigns are run the way we would like them to, there are some campaigns that don't give lots of information, then there are some that give so much information that people start asking for less frequent updates because it inundates their inboxes.  there are also those that fulfill the update 'requirement' but don't really say much at all, or give an update to say that an update will be coming in a few days or weeks. it's the goldilocks story... not everyone can get it 'just right' --- it really depends on who is running the show for the kickstarter campaign.  perhaps when campaigns are run by people that are also backers, there's a greater chance of it being a better one because they know what it feels like to want that information.  i think the best thing would be an update schedule that you know that you can stick to.  updates every thursday or updates every two thursdays (depending on the length of the campaign as well)
hector, i didn't say i am worry. i kind of know how ks works. and that is why i said that anova is acting like a big corporation that consider ks as a way to test the market and push its product (pre-order system), not as a way to interact with backers, and show the process/the journey involved in bringing a product "on the market". that is what ks is (was?) about!
marie-andree poisson... that they may be doing that, but they were also using kickstarter to see if the idea would really take hold and how popular it would be.  decades ago, when microwaves were the 'new thing on the block' it was so expensive because the product had to come to market without knowing the receptiveness of the product and even then it took a while for prices to get down to 'acceptable' levels. at least with kickstarter, a potential consumer can have some part in the process of whether or not future-y products actually 'make it'.   anova has lots of experience so i wouldn't get worried marie.  more updates would certainly be nice, but it some cases it's not necessary.
what is the estimated ship date? when i backed you the date was october 2014. are you getting close to shipping? thank you
anova is quite silent (last update : 25 days. last comment: 3 months ago - you read that right!) . i don't really like the "corporate tone" that anova is giving to this campaign. this in not what ks is about! it is clearly not the backers who are considering ks as a pre-order system/store in here.
what is the estimated ship date for "regular" backers?
barak, their web site allows you to buy one but it won't be available till "november 2014". my question is a little more fundamental ..... how can they supply all the kickstarter backers by end october when today (october 3) they have not even managed to supply all 199 people that bought the hackers special (supposed to ship in "late august") .... i know several hackers special backers have received theirs and the sdk so they can get cracking on app development (that was the whole idea of the hackers special ..... right?) ..... but ..... now over a month later i'm still waiting for mine. i must be in the "special" group who purchased the hackers special that for some reason aren't considered important enough to ship to ..... i don't even know the rationale for some hackers special units arriving weeks ago and some still not even shipped !!! (email responses from "support" seems to have gone cold too when i query ....... apparently i'm just not patient enough :-/ )
is anybody else confused as to how you can buy the anova precision cooker from their website right now before some backers (like me) have not even received their product yet?
i fully support the reduction in price for the v1 model. it wouldn't make sense to sell the older model and the new fuller featured model for the same price. how mad would any of us be to buy the v1 model for $199 and the following week to see the new v2 go on sale for the same price. i know i for one would feel a bit betrayed. i think it's a smart business move and the right thing to do.
@marcos.  i'm not quite sure what type of convoluted logic you are using but i'm with cory. i gave these guys a hundred and some-odd dollars american in good faith and for that  i think i deserve to be privy to all corporate decisions from here on out...and i want a piece of the pie ....and naming rights to someone's stadium....and throw in a ford focus doggone it...and a seat on the board.  ... that'd make me happy.
hi all, glad to see from comments several people receiving their hackers special packs as early as september 3 !!! hope they are awesome !!! i backed the "hackers special" and still have not received the unit that was supposed to be shipped over a month ago. the only response i have had from anova is a "we are working very hard to fulfil these orders. please extend just a little more patience." response to my query yesterday :-/ very curious/concerned now ..... how many other "hackers special" backers are still waiting for their units ? if you're still waiting or have received already i'd be very interested to know. thanks in advance, regards, mark
all - thx for all the input. i guess i'm getting confused by the anova product page. it's showing the precision for $179 and the one for $199. (amazon $169.99) the specs (and description) for the one appear superior but w/out bt connectivity. and i'm not mad but think it may have been more thougthful to fulfill backers before lower the one price. @marcos: the car analogy doesn't work because they already have your money and it's not just a new year of the same model. @low: us customers get free amazon shipping for something in this price range that they fulfill.
i'm really not sure what the problem is. it's a different product. why shouldn't they discount their old, different product? they're in no way reducing  compromising the value of the product we've supported. it's like getting angry at ford for offering a sale price on the focus because they're getting ready to release a new pickup truck.
cory iwatsu, having run a business myself it seems very reasonable. and, after all, it is their business. i am a contributor to this particular project; i am not on the board. unless they ask me, give me travel time and an attractive wage.
they are letting "the market" decide.
@andrew they are probably not discontinuing it, but must lower their inventory since a lot of people will choose v2 instead of v1.
@tok - however anova have stated that the kickstarted product is not a replacement for the v1, thus the lower power output.
@cory, for international backers, still worth to get from kickstarter since they offer free shipping but if you buy from their website or amazon, shipping fee is quite high.
@cory this is probably because they want to clear their stock on hand before the launch of this new sous vide device.
@cory, yeah i was a little disappointed to see such heavy discounts on the anova one before we even get our precision in-hand.
i just sent this to anova. i hope they have a good explanation: http://anovaculinary.com/pages/anova-one-30-off-on-amazon-com… the above is a link for $30 the anova one via amazon that appeared on my facebook feed. that made it $170 which is $1 more than my kickstarter price i paid for the anova precision. or am i getting the one instead? confused about this move by anova since it's seems very counter to the discounts usually given to the kickstarter backers.
how close are we getting to the shipping date?
a word of caution to all people new to sous vide cooking: hygiene is of the utmost importance when working with low temps. please do wash your hands before putting food in a bag for sealing. when done and the food is not for immediate consumption, ice chill the bag to cool it down asap.
thanks so much guys those are very good to know. can't wait to cook my own ^_^ oct is around the conner
there is also a free sous vide class on http://www.chefsteps.com which i highly recommend. that's a great site to learn about cooking and modernist cuisine.
thanks low chong and ingmar!
@artc, several ones, depending on your cooking skills. i prefer thomas keller, under pressure: cooking sous vide. has a nice introduction on sous vide, temperature tables and fantastic recipes.
@artc, how about sous vide for the home cook?  have free version in internet: http://www.douglasbaldwin.com/sous-vide.html
is there a good recommended sous vide cookbook?  i've looked at amazon, but none of ones listed seem particularly compelling...
if you are restricted from answer this question due to agreement with anova, just ignore my question.
@donald tsu, for the 220v hacker special that you received, is heating power remain 800w or higher? i asked this because for anova one, the 220v heating power is 1.3kw whereas 110v is remain as 1.0kw.
i just received my 220v hacker special. is it safe to remove the 3pin attachment and just use the 2 round pin attachment in my 220 power supply? or is the 3 pin attachment also a power converter?
why did i not receive a tracking nr for my hacker special?
check out the objective comparison of the anova vs nomiku (also sansaire) on seriouseats from december.  the anova has a better build and a better price. funds raised by each campaign may be a reflection of reputation.
indeed @todd. also availability outside the us would be a big + for anova.
@alan or, to play devil's advocate, the timing of being first to market trumps all
very interesting that the "other" sv unit from an established manufacturer with wi-fi and 1200w heater that just ended on kickstarter raised less than half the $, with about half the number of backers as the anova. so whatever the anova has or doesn't have, it's clearly more popular.
thanks to both ingmar and mattias for your suggestions. i'll carefully compare the specs and experiences of users. somehow the henkelman seems at first sight more appealing
the link should perhaps be http://amzn.to/1ata8fi in order to be clickable.
@king of cooks, you can find cheaper machines with free delivery in germany. i have been looking at this machine with similar specs as the henkelman but at a more affordable price: amzn.to/1ata8fi unfortunately, they do not deliver to luxembourg, where i live.
@king of cooks, that seems very expensive to me. i found this: http://www.horecaworld.biz/vacummachines at 1091 for the mini 10, vat and delivery included (in belgium and the netherlands). and i'm pretty sure you can get it cheaper, like during a fair or trade show on food. if you live in germany, than for that price difference you drive there and even pick it up, lol. should you decide on this one, also consider buying the raised lid. it gives you more volume to suck out air from liquids in a container (e.g. to brighten up the color of the liquid, or to speed up air evacuation from e.g. an alginate preparation)
@marnix, @ingmar guillaume, thanks for your suggestions. i will look out for a henkelman. in germany they seem to go for about 1400€, but since the product is dutch i might be better off buying it in the netherlands. any suggestions as to where to buy ?
i'm also troubled by the api license terms. i love my original anova, but unless they open up their development rules, this probably won't be a company i support in the future. it's one thing to create a dumb device that works very well, but completely another to position your next generation product as hacker-friendly and then try to lock developers into using only your hardware. if the hardware is great, i could see working on a friendlier firmware for it rather than agree to their license terms.
@king of cooks, i second ingmar's henkelman, have one as well. picked it up second hand, though. 20-year old unit that still works 100%, in spite of having spent most of its life in a professional kitchen. that probably means you won't be able to wear it out using it domestically, given some basic care :-)
@dee cee i don't see why it wouldn't be possible. would just require someone to spend the time to make such a relay :)
to any developers here, would it be possible to create an app that can be a sort of wifi workaround? for instance, if i had a server at home that had bluetooth connectivity and was within range of the the anova, could we get an app to send instructions to the server which then relays it via bt to the anova? is this possible...?
@king of cooks, i bought this one: http://www.henkelman.com/en/equipment/table-top-models/jumbo/mini-jumbo. for sale in all of europe for sure, but don't know in the us or canada. price here is about 1000 euro. this may seem expensive, but i really use it a lot (as a non professional cook). have had it for 4 years now, and intent to keep it in good condition for many more years. one thing i miss is the ability the hold the vacuum (available on more expensive machines), but i work around that by switching it off while vacuum exists, lol.
@ingmar guillaume, what  chamber vacuum chamber did you buy and can you recommend ?
@ian, if you're serious about sous vide cooking, invest in a small (the smallest is good enough) chamber vacuum machine. my wife says it's the best 1000 euro i have ever spend for the kitchen (and i can assure you i have bought a lot, lol). you can not only use it for sealing food and cooking sous vide, but also for infusing soft food (like melons, strawberries, tomatoes, pienapple, etc...), fascilitating marinating food, preventing freeze burn, easy packaging prepped food if you cook elsewhere. really the possibilities are endless.
that was a pre-sealed omaha steak filet mignon.  mighty convenient in single serving packs.  i have a vp112 chamber vacuum at home that i use for sealing as well.  however, any foodsaver vacuum or even plastic ziplock freezer bags will work (some folks use an optional binder clip at the opt of the bag clipped to the top of your cooking vessel for ziplocks just in cast they leak).
@adisak:  that steak looks stunning.  what did you do for vacuum sealing?  i'm pretty new to sous vide and debating whether to invest in a vacuum sealer or try to get away with ziplocs and the displacement method for a while.
and some more pictures to share: https://www.facebook.com/adisak/posts/10152273547071697
video of a steak i cooked last night with my anova: https://www.facebook.com/video.php…
received it too david ... after some backers (including me) asked for it multiple times. creators must be proactive on communication.
@david - like your post ^^
got an email from a company called "anova" i think it was something called an "update"
and updates from anova would also be nice!
thanks vadim and adisak for sharing your photos, the october shipping time can't get here fast enough! i think i speak for most of us when i say that updates on how well the prototypes are working would be most welcome here (assuming you can talk about it without violating the license agreement).
my unit showed up. apparently i just got sent the wrong tracking number, weird.
i've got the development unit, compiled the demo app source and connected the iphone app with the device. here is a photo: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php… what is even better, the anova development asked me to talk with their lawyers about the ridiculous development agreement, and i agreed - so i am very hopeful in this department too.
photo here: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
why is my tracking number showing that my dev unit is being shipped to a state 7 hours away? anova, i sent an email and haven't heard back. i am really concerned. i need to know immediately if i have to stop this delivery.
the sdk early access unit is beautiful.  a little bigger than i expected.  the stainless looks very nice - very sleek and professional appearance.  and it come well packed in functional if minmalistic packaging.  nothing in the box other than the unit (in a plastic bag) and the clamp.
woohoo! i got my devkik early access model!!!!
i sent them an email and got nothing back. but they did send me a survey asking about the email i sent. they wanted to know if i was satisfied with my communication. i thought it was funny. what i don't find funny is total lack of updates and response. it was a big love fest when we were tossing money at them.
@stuart: lol
@ingmar i'm a backer and not annoyed. but i have dealt with anova before and own their "v1" unit which is stellar.
just received my developer unit today!
fyi for those that are interested to have sous vide dash work directly with your new unit.  -- that is correct. unless anova is willing to amend the terms appropriately, sous vide dash will not be able to use their api. we are currently having a conversation with them about this.
@alan, i so agree. and anova is not the only one. it is very annoying for investors (and that's what we are) not to know what's going on. and don't anybody tell me: "i'm a backer, and i'm not annoyed".
over a month and no update. aways a troubling thing to have to post. and no, we're busy is no excuse. none. a quick update about what's going on should be the first thing on every project list of things to do. why kickstarter doesn't require updates at least 1 per month is a travesty. oh yea, they get their money regardless of what the project is doing. i keep forgetting.
hacker special shipped on time (just). bodes well for the rest of us who just want to use the thing - lack of communication from the creator notwithstanding
yeah, that's how i feel, woofwoof.  i don't even expect to use it that much but that kind of lack of openness makes me very dubious.  i've been mostly supporting anova in various controversies... and i still believe that they can make this right and it may be overreach by someone individual inside the company, and new, more tolerant rules could be forthcoming...but without a change... "i'm sorry, we won't let you gas up fords if your pumps also fill chevys." i wish i could read the full terms.
the api rules are very troubling... this is not what i thought i was backing.
@lpark the license agree must have been written by a lawyer. i'm sure the engineers who wrote the actual api are freaking out now. if there are more than 10 commands in the api i'll be surprised. heck, if it is more than just serial over bluetooth i'll be surprised.
i hope anova clarifies the terms and conditions for the api in a manner that does not leave us feeling like they're trying to stifle competition rather than develop the best product. the idea of telling someone that you can't develop apps for other sous vide purposes is insane.  that's like apple saying "and if you make any programs that run on other oses at all, you can't program for macs." i haven't personally read the t&cs because i didn't get in on the hacker special.  and, of course, anova could always open them up. the suggestion that the api is cloud based and goes through their servers also worries me for several reasons.  1) it means i can't use a bluetooth capable device that's not connected to the internet, like, say, if i'm at the park and not using cellular data. 2) introduces a single point of failure that isn't in my control (either as a user or a developer, aka their servers -- and if we're going to be forced to cloud based anyhow, they should have done wifi!). 3) generally restricts the overall freedom of developers and users to innovate. fortunately, even if the whole third-party apps thing turns out to be a bust, the anova i will eventually receive will be usable with the physical controls, which i expect i'll use most anyhow.  but it's a disappointment, and if the t&c turn out to be as restrictive as that, i doubt i'll make the second device i intend to purchase another anova. maybe i'll go back that nomiku kickstarter now.
just received a tracking number for the hacker special.  fedex shows it arriving on wednesday.
@tjex to exclude sous vide dash would certainly be the height of stupidity by anova. people have been begging him for years to make an android version - to no avail. it is by far the most unique and useful sous vide app on the market.
@meeee this seems so wrong and seriously tarnishes my view of anova. for example, the developer of sous vide dash was looking into doing an app for the new circulator, this pretty much forbids him from doing so. why were those t&c not clear before the hacker option was available in the first place?!
@meee it does sound like they only want the devices talking to their servers, being a gatekeeper to all the 3rd party apps. that's unfortunate, would be nice to see more open/free approach. but this is speculation.
@leonard it isn't just the app that needs to be exclusive but they dont want you to make any apps for anyone else.  i'm in this for my own fun so the restrictions don't bother me. looking at  >2.5 access keys: to the extent anova uses access keys to grant access to the api, anova will make an access key available to you. the access key will be revoked if you share it with any third party, if the access key is compromised, if you violate any term of this agreement, or if anova terminates this agreement. sounds suspiciously, like a cloud based api. 2.5 access keys: to the extent anova uses access keys to grant access to the api, anova will make an access key available to you. the access key will be revoked if you share it with any third party, if the access key is compromised, if you violate any term of this agreement, or if anova terminates this agreement.
@ian jubb the anova on amazon is the original version that doesn't have the wifi on it. we're still 2 months from the end of the estimated ship date. in my experience, it is pretty common for kickstarters to be updated once a month. i wish creators would figure out that backers would really like more frequent updates even if there isn't a lot of big news to report. i got a reply from anova earlier this week via twitter saying that they were going to be making an update by the end of this week. @alan arthur my hope is that the nov. estimated ship date on the anova website is for just pre-orders on the website. with any luck, anova is still on pace to ship to us kickstarters in october still. hopefully they'll give us a good update later today!
if you were in on the hacker special deal (only 199 available at this level) anova have emailed a license agreement and stated that units will ship within 1-2 days of you agreeing to the agreement. eta on production run still november going by date at http://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-precision-cooker
@ian jubb, i'm not really sure what you're talking about with available on amazon.  the older anova one (with a screen) is available... is that what you saw?
wtf? available to purchase on amazon? we've heard nothing from these guys but you can buy the cooker already. surely we should have them now? please reply, twitter not working either?!?!?!?
@meeee - i agree. anova should clarify what they really mean with this. it does not seem sensible that the app has to be 100% anova exclusive.
wow, did anyone read the license agreement? >2.2 limitations and non-competition: you may not access the developer tools if you also develop applications for use with products that directly compete with anova products; namely, any application for use with a product using immersion circulation or water bath, or any product designed to cook food at a low temperature for a defined time. if you develop any application for a competing product, your license to use the developer tools or any of them is immediately revoked. pretty aggressive right off the bat anova.
oops, wrong campaign.
yes, you can control your nomiku from anywhere in the world because you'll be cooking with the cloud. have it ready when you're coming home from the office, check on it in bed. also we're working harold mcgee on a safe holding temperature that pasteurizes your food but doesn't cook it effectively making it just as safe if not safer than refrigeration. what this means is that you'll be able to put your food in in the morning, go to work, get a push notification at 4pm asking "nick, would you still like to have dinner at 6pm?" and then the machine will start cooking the meal if you say yes. experiments are running right now in our test kitchen.
confirmed that i got the developer unit email and signed up this morning. i wish it arrives fri/sat so i can spend some labor day time on it, but we'll see. very excited!
when the europe shipping starts?
dev units shipping - check your email people!!!
sent a message to anova cullinary yesterday via their websites online support form - 24 hours later, no response. well that's not true, i received three automated emails saying they would be responding to me very quickly.
so far, this campain has been really disappointing. no updates at all about production, app development or if shipping is on time. it feels a bit worrying that you pretty much gone quite since the funding period ended...
anova, i don't mind if the api changes after hacker unit shipment. i've been able to deal with the oculus last-minute api change with minimal fuss. if you can't ship units yet, at least send us the api so i can start writing. i'll settle for a test harness that simulated a physical unit if necessary. or, ship it all on schedule! that works, too.
anant tsai - wifi would only be available if the hardware was there to support it. from an engineering perspective there are combined bluetooth + wifi modules available for devices such as these, but there is limited motivation for such a setup to be incorporated when a bluetooth only module has a lower unit price.
just curious, but would wi-fi functionality be available via future software update or is that feature eliminated completely due to hardware spec.
hacker special shipping anytime soon?
might be better to try and contact them on twitter as there have been absolutely no signs of life here. not the best way to handle a kickstarter campaign.
i agree. they have been far to quiet about delivery.
yeah, less than a week left in august, and no insight into what's going on is not a good thing.
a shipping update on the hacker special and api info would be appreciated.
looking forward to a shipping update on the hacker special.
sold my poly science pro today and just finished some shrimp and scallops off in a hot pan after 30 minutes using the 1st generation anova. amazing.
got a 1st gen. anova and am so pleased with it that i'm selling my poly science unit. what a great appliance! can't wait for the new ones.
looking forward to a shipping update on the hacker special.
hey anova, it seems it's time for a shipping update.
hmmm, i would love an update on the hacker pack. it is due late august and .... well ..... it's late august :-/ thanks in advance
@augusto anova has decided to run the anova 1 as a separate product line instead of discontinuing it, therefore making anova 2 cheaper with less power would help differentiate them. it does make sense if you view all the product lines on their site http://anovaculinary.com/pages/products the power of the unit shouldn't be as important as the capacity though, as you'll only be looking at a few minutes difference in heating up the same amount of water.
+1 i agree with augusto.  1000w would be nice over wifi imo.
@creator, i wonder if you could push your limits a bit considering the great success of your campaign and take it up to 1000w 8l-min 30l capacity, at least. for wifi i really do not care as the tablet or phone could be connected via wifi to the internet and anova to them via bt, that is perfectly fine.
i wonder how these compare in sound levels.
wifi in the nomiku is neat, but they take it to the next level with a 1200w 8l/min 30l capacity, where as anova 2 went in the opposite direction with a lower wattage and capacity. altho one company did choose to increase their price and the other to decrease the price and make it more accessible. great to see the adoption and popularity of sous vide grow! (just kind of wish anova kept the 1000w from the first model)
did the survey and bought one of the first anova's. now selling my poly science cooker. the anova is better. turning a pot roast into steaks as i write! yee hah!
nomiko2 has wifi but anova look much cooler :d
i know the nomiko 2 has wifi but hopefully we'll have a great anova app and get our precision cookers in a couple months.
yep, looks like they are offering wifi with the new nomiku 2! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/nomiku/new-nomiku-sous-vide-wifi-connected-and-made-in-th
i think the nomiku people were reading the comments of the anova thread before they put there kick starter up.  can't blame them it's the smart thing to do.
i only backed for 1 unit. so anyone knows if it's ok to  develop film and cook with the same unit? i assume the sous vide bag is sealed so no chemicals can leak in and the unit will be washed after developing. i then could use different containers for each purpose...so it would be safe yeah?
@jian no, you can not use the 220v in the usa. but you can use converter fairly easy to go from 110v to 220v.
i'm sure the heating element is different in the us and european version, so that the wattage is the same.
can 220v use in usa? i dont know anything about electricity..
@tomas, thx for pointing that out. however, it could also be that the 220v spiral is standard (at 2kw), and that the 110v version delivers only half the heating output, as it runs on half the voltage. it is a resistor after all.
hey, thought i'd point out that your website makes no mention of compatibility with android and windows phone. you may wish to remedy this. http://anovaculinary.com/products/anova-precision-cooker
@minh hoang by jove... you're right! i never thought of that use. now i really have no excuse to not pull out the old bessler 23c.
@low chung hung. my bad. meant to write $50 put a british pond sign in instead of a dollar sign. at current exchange rate $50 = £29.79
@burak and ingmar 1kw@115v 2kw@220v so +$200 is not just for change of voltage.
not sure yet if i want to use my unit for c41 film developing or regular cooking..
@ingmar +1. can not agree more.. why pay 200 usd more for 220v version..
was considering using the voucher against the precision cooker pro, but 200$ extra just for the 220v version instead of the 110v? come again ...???
thanks for the reward, the postage kills it though. was expecting similar to here of $30usd however on the site it's $75usd
@michael carr, is us$50 not £50. :p
reward for voting in the brushed / chrome finish.  a £50 voucher towards anything on the website
@anova, thank you for your reward (for participate in vote on finish options) but your product don't ship to my country, how am i going to use this reward? t_t
hahaha@ mark crum
brushed. .. a mirrored chrome finish might show me how sad i am that i have no wifi.
brushed chrome in this case in my opinion looks a bit cheap
im not sure which will look better with red... so i voted brushed ...
@ richard lee thanks :)
i voted for the chrome. i love the brushed but it that sent look good with the metal skirt.
brushed!!!
@jesper william petersen in the update, they stated "to vote on the version you prefer, please click here. as a thank you, we'll give people who participate in the survey a small reward." what that is or turns out to be, i don't care, but the fact that they are throwing something extra in for filling out the survey is a really nice touch.
brushed for me too.
brushed !! shiny makes the product look worth at least $50 less ;)
brushed looks better. polished will get smudged when you are cooking, no point having a chromed finish.
brushed ring gives this product a more exclusive look.
i would have assumed it was chromed metal of some type and not plastic. if anova can confirm on this then if would help us with the right feedback.
painted chrome plastic would become brittle over time, that is my concern anyway. voted brushed as it matches the unit more. as people have said it would make a difference if the material used for the ring was specified. stainless steel chrome would be super nice though!
@david that's why i voted brushed. didn't want to risk ending up with a chrome that chips or scratches easily.
@ richard lee  i participated in the survey, but what was survey bonus ?
are the rings plastic or metal? if they are metal chrome would be fine, but plastic, chrome will look rough after awhile
i get why you need the name and the email address, but what do you need our telephone numbers for?
@jeffrey matt - that's my exact concern as well.  i'd prefer whichever component is more durable to the temperature ranges, dealing with getting wet, and being rubbed with a sponge to clean it.
updates! woohoo. i picked chrome because i think it looks nicer, but my real concern isn't the appearance, it's the durability. if either the brushed or the chrome is more durable, go with that. i've had cheap chromed plastic flake off of other devices and because this device is going to be seeing greater heat and moisture, the materials need to be tough.
this is exactly the kind of update from anova that i was hoping for. they are working on the product, the prototypes are working and they are on track for delivery! the survey bonus was nice as well.
update please?
would love to get an update on how things are going.
update ?
probably need to send an email to them in order to remind them to update us. :p they haven't log in anova account for about 1 month.
an update would indeed be nice.
1 month since last update...any news/progress updates?
well, with the juvo that some have linked, the "ice block" mentioned is probably going to be a peltier cooler to quickly bleed off the water temp and drop the water bath down to refrigerated storage levels.  it's an interesting concept, although the juvo suffers from the standard design flaw of a self contained unit, a lack of space. they do however have a pretty nifty concept of a peltier cooler sitting underneath your water bath controlled by the sous vide device.  anova could easily offer this as an add-on device to the new anova precision cooker which is also controlled via the app!  in other words, you place the anova precision cooler underneath your water bath (a metal pot/pan would be the optimal water bath vessel because of the way peltier cooling works.), pair it via bluetooth to the anova or third party app, and then when your cooking is done, the app turns off the cooker and turns on the cooler.  voila!  fully cooked and refrigerated food ready for the fridge or freezer, and done safely and automatically. of course the cooler should have its own on/off timer built in for those without smart devices, or those using another brand of sous vide circulating wand. if you're worried about heat loss due to using a metal cooking vessel, then one could always wrap it in an insulated sleeve/wrap of some sort.  just leave the bottom of the metal cooking vessel bare and in direct contact with the cooler. feel free to send me a couple of free ones to go with my precision cookers for this idea if you make one, anova!  :d
wondering how we are doing? how does the shipping date look? any problems, just looking for an update. very excited about this!!
what happened to the last apostate? it's a dangerous thing to do- forsakes your cause. but yeah, i imagine they'll update us monthly until they things actually happening on a weekly basis. it's still early days.
michael : apostate : a person who forsakes his religion, cause, party, etc. lol
wtf is an apostate. should have said update lol
wondering when we will get a new apostate. nearly 3 weeks since last one ?
a bluetooth/wifi combo chip is the best damn thing i've read on here in a few days.  start off with bluetooth and then update to enable wifi down the road from the same app, this makes sense.
yes jeff... it's cooking multiple meals depending on the temperature...iinstead of having to heat up the water again on another day from room temp to hot, you will be using the existing hot water that same day after it cools down.  so the anova would sit there and monitor the temp of the water until it hits the temperature that you need and the circulator will kick in.  so let's say we are using the same examples... 185 for carrots is the first product being cooked... after it is finished and you take it out... the app will be set up to prompt you at 160 to put the chicken in... in the background however, the anova will actually be programmed to turn on the circulator @ 162 so that you are ensured that when it hits the temp of 160 it's actually an even 160.
@ hector silva interesting suggestion, but i'm not sure i totally understand. are you cooking multiple things at the same time as you're stepping down the temperature ladder, or is it a sequential thing (185f carrots, then 160f chicken and then 140f steaks)? this will be my first step into sv so i'm looking for any tips that have proven useful to others. thanks.
does anubody know to how many phones/computers you can pair the anova??
@ian parrish "i thought wi-fi sounded like a good idea, but i think others may have pointed out some of the difficulties inherent. bluetooth is a pretty good incremental step in any case. if the app is good enough, it may just not be necessary. it's not like i'm going to change my cooking plan from the office after already putting food in." i agree. the main use i would see for wifi is to confirm that the anova is still on when i'm not there. i'll get around that by using a wemo between the anova and the wall socket, and checking the wemo app to remotely confirm that the power is still on.
i'd like to see a asection on the anova website where there's a forum, recipes and links to all the apps that will work with it
@ jeffrey matt "just setting the wifi conversation aside for a moment, i'd like to make a suggestion for the anova app developers. one feature i'd love to see in the app is "compatible foods". what i'm thinking is an optional step after setting the temperature and time to see other foods that can cook at the same temperature and then having the option to add that as well, with it's own alarm (either starting at the same time or targetting completion at the same time). let say i'm doing a brisket at 180f for 10hrs. when i set up the machine, before i hit start, i can click also click a "compatible foods" button and i see that a batch of lemon curd can be done at 180f as well. i can then pick start now (in which case there are two alarms, one for 10 hours for my brisket and another for 20 mins so i can pull the lemon curd out) or start later (in which case the 10 hour alarm starts now and will go off in 9h40m to tell me to drop in my lemon curd so they'll both be ready at the same time). what do you guys think? seems like a fairly simple addition to the app, but it would both allow me to make better use of the anova and also get me trying different things in the bath." that's a good suggestion... there are so many ways that you can make your sous vide cooking more efficient.  what i currently do and i think others may do as well is to make sure that when you start cooking (for few days worth of food) you start with your highest and work your way down so that you use your heating element as little as possible (and by extension) consume as little energy as possible... so for example i'd start with some carrots at 185, then some chicken at 160, then some more chicken for another type of meal at 150 and then steak at 132 and so on.  you would be able to program all of that in an app to notify you when it's time to take out your carrots and drop in your 160degree chicken... if nobody else does it in an app by the time this gets delivered i'll probably give it a go.
@rudy coevert hopefully your friend can work up a great app for use with this. i'm excited to see what the apps can offer. i think the apps are going to be the source of a lot of the innovation in this round of releases. we've seen apps show up slowly, but they're really intended as references/guides. i'd like to see one or two of the apps gain a real foothold and start to build a community of shared recipes that can be accessed and rated through the app interface (or a website). there's already a sv community but it doesn't have a central gathering place yet. at least not that i've found - it seems to be a lot of different blogs and sites. there's lot of great stuff, but it hasn't coalesced around a single site/app yet. this is a community where data is really valuable but there's no user reviewed recipe database yet. (again, maybe i just haven't found it). i don't think anova's going to do it, so hopefully your friend can.
sorry but exactly what has zip code, level of education what other connected devices you have and age got to do with getting finding out if people want wifi or not? if you want to ask for a market survey be honest about it and simply ask for a market survey and state how your going to use that information your gathering. mixing a marketing suvey  with a vote about something you know folks want to input on seems a bit less than honest.
@ian - one block of ice delivered to your door - free of charge :-)  the (full) price is certainly not very competitive against the anova, sansaire, vonshef (!) and many more. it has got wifi, one block of ice and a sleek design. i'm in!
@leonard.  there full price of 299 pounds is over $500 usd.  that's just simply not competitive with either of the anova's, the nomiku, or the sansaire.  and i really don't understand the ice block bit.  do you get a one-time block of ice? lol
great news for the wifi crowd! the juvo sous vide water bath is launched as a kickstarter campaign. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/juvo/juvo-sous-vide-app-controlled-cooking "juvo features wifi control, which means you can control it from anywhere. this allows you to turn the machine on and set the temperature, or select your chosen food, when you're not even at home. making it possible to put your food in the machine in the morning, and have your food ready for when you get home." "we will be supplying juvo with a customised ice block to keep your food cool when you're not at home." early birds can pledge £200 for the unit. how it is going to compete with the £75 vonshef sous vide water bath is another matter. (that is just over $100 ex vat.) http://www.amazon.co.uk/vonshef-premium-digital-display-cooking/dp/b00l2coqnm
i thought wi-fi sounded like a good idea, but i think others may have pointed out some of the difficulties inherent.  bluetooth is a pretty good incremental step in any case.  if the app is good enough, it may just not be necessary.  it's not like i'm going to change my cooking plan from the office after already putting food in.
jeffrey matt your idea is absolutley great, when anova shipped everything i will contact a colleague of mine who can help me with building an app. i've more experience in programming business logic. i will start with a pretty simple interface for my raspberry pi so i can control my anova from away from home.
jeffrey matt actually has a really good idea there!  being able to cook 2 different foods in the same temperature bath would make meals even more convenient.
@jeffrey matt +1,  great idea! as for the wifi, yeah it would be nice but it's not what we pledged for so it's crazy to chase it now at the expense of delivery date. unless it gets 5255+ votes it's just not fair to the other half of backers, or if it can be delivered no later than the 'advertised' version then go for it, it won't hurt the people who aren't chasing it then.
@mads storm andersen, that's exactly what would hope for.  you can replace the bt chip with a bt+wifi chip and ship with only bt support at launch, and enable wifi at some later date.  or leave wifi support entirely to 3rd party developers.
why not use a combined bt and wifi chipset. and only add the wifi when you get around to it after release ??
@jeffrey matt +1
just setting the wifi conversation aside for a moment, i'd like to make a suggestion for the anova app developers. one feature i'd love to see in the app is "compatible foods". what i'm thinking is an optional step after setting the temperature and time to see other foods that can cook at the same temperature and then having the option to add that as well, with it's own alarm (either starting at the same time or targetting completion at the same time). let say i'm doing a brisket at 180f for 10hrs. when i set up the machine, before i hit start, i can click also click a "compatible foods" button and i see that a batch of lemon curd can be done at 180f as well. i can then pick start now (in which case there are two alarms, one for 10 hours for my brisket and another for 20 mins so i can pull the lemon curd out) or start later (in which case the 10 hour alarm starts now and will go off in 9h40m to tell me to drop in my lemon curd so they'll both be ready at the same time). what do you guys think? seems like a fairly simple addition to the app, but it would both allow me to make better use of the anova and also get me trying different things in the bath.
could you make a separate device that use bluetooth to comunicate with anova and transform these signals into wifi version? it would be a separate device that you could get if you need wifi, or not, if bluetooth is enough for you. would be it possible?
with this product, anova chose not to improve the control and flexibility of the ui of the device itself, but to instead offload those potential improvements to a controlling device (smart phone). it chose bluetooth as the communication protocol, but some users (including myself) don't get good bluetooth reception between their habitual sitting area and the kitchen. this is one reason to request wi-fi. i don't feel that putting wi-fi connectivity into the anova v2 would be an attempt to "build a smartphone into the machine." it's just a way to extend the range of the remote ui. not everyone who thinks wi-fi would be useful has commented here; i, for one, welcomed the chance to answer the survey and let anova know how i feel about it.
about the wifi, the only thing that i can imagine why wifi is asked, is to look at the temp etc when your not at home. anova already mentioned to release the code so that other developers can work with it to make great apps. when i receive my anova i want to try to program on my raspberry pi something to control the temp and time. complet with html interface. then the logic doesn't have to be build in the anova.  exactly what others are already saying anova is a cooking device first with possibility to connect to phone. not a complete computer or smartphone.
forget about the wifi. this is a cooking device. bluetooth is good enough to connect your phone and app to the machine, why do people need wifi ? on initial thinking it's a good to have, but not necessary.  10,000 backers will have 10,000 opinions - lets just stick to the initial spirit of this project which is to bring sous vide to the homes at an affordable price and as an idiot proof machine. let's not over complicate the machine - it will become never ending.
to clarify the previous comment from an end user rather than technology perspective, the v2 appears to be designed as a *peripheral* to a smartphone/tablet. some users seem to want inet connectivity features which in essence mean that the smartphone needs to be built into the machine. the essential point to make note of here is that the main difference between building a computer into the v2 and just using a separate mini-tablet to control it is the bluetooth link (fairly low cost) is replaced with wires on a circuit board (lowest cost). iow, "wifi" is much better introduced here by simply buying a tablet for control than demanding anova shift their core competency into making computers and incorporating the cost of one into every unit. thus, what "wifi" proponents should be asking for is more *features* (all that internet stuff) built into the controlling app run on device presumably with wifi connection, since that's what the device *can actually do*.
i don't think those demanding wifi understand the implications underlying such a request. this is not a device with an lcd to choose network/password, which means either it also needs bluetooth or some other crutch to do that, or it needs to host the network itself (meaning you need to disconnect from the home network from your phone to connect to it). unless we're looking for sophisticated features on the device itself (which seems the opposed to the stated goal of the v2), which means a complex system-on-a-chip onboard and user interaction parts and necessary development costs  (ie. $$$), there's literally no benefit from using wifi.
@anova? you are the only one that can respond to all these wi-fi conjectures.
having followed this thread of comments for a few weeks prior to funding i am of the impression that the survey on wifi was issued after repeated mentionings of wifi by backers in the comment section. wifi capability was not an offering on the precision cooker by  anova when they started this project.  with greater than 10k backers for this project and only a few tens of backers in the comments section asking for wifi , anova would likely have  needed overwhelming reason to change the hardware and delivery date of the project that they outlined at start of funding.  i would imagine that they felt an obligation to the thousands of backers to produce a product as described.
thanks anova culinary.... well guys, let's try to take another point of view on the matter here.  perhaps having less surveys will mean a higher quality of feedback and will mean that they will also be able to raed through the surveys more carefully and garner greater insight into the general sense that the responding parties felt. sometimes when soliciting survey, the essence of that survey becomes lost when the quantity increases beyond a certain point. sooo you may end up with survey-fatigue if say all 10508 backers were to answer the survey.    of course though, it all depends on the true purpose of the survey, nevertheless i gave my opinion and have a good feeling that it will be valued like all others that have responded so far and will continue to respond. bumping the link for those that haven't seen it. anova precision cooker survey---> https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/txdr7bg
right - so one of the many insight out of that failed ks project is to stay true to the scope. as soon as you deviate from that simple rule, you inject risk to delivery. when delivery fails backers - i.e. the customer - rightfully or otherwise get disenchanted and downright angry. i'm sure we all want to see our precision cooker delivered as soon as possible; if we start asking for new features, that delivery will be at risk whether you realize it or not. i am one that did see and respond to the survey in the comments and while i would love wifi, i said no to it, because i want to give anova the opportunity to deliver on time and therefore delivery a very successful project. if they fail, honestly, would you back their next project - i probably would look somewhere else. if all goes reasonably close to plan and the product is solid, i'd definitely look at what they do next - maybe new tech with wifi.
but i agree that the wi-fi survey shouldn't have been introduced in the first place (at least at this point). it introduce confusion on wether or not anova want to add some functionnalities. at this point in time, introducing new functionalities is not a good idea. just take a look here and you'll have a good idea how nightmarish it can get : https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/myidkey/myidkey-passwords-at-the-tip-of-your-finger
from what i read, the wi-fi survey is for future release, not this one. hope i'm not mistaken anova!?
where did i say that ks is a store? all i've said is that they should communicate their surveys by an update, not by other ways only.
and where does it say kickstarter is a make to order shop. where does it end, how may times do you go back to the backers with surveys and ask what else they would like, how long are you prepared to wait... come on, how about sticking with something you made a conscious decision to back.
@robert thanks for the lesson on things i'v been doing since nearly four years ago. it is not a rule (since recently, ks only have 3 very very general rules), but here what ks says about updates : "throughout the life of your project, you’ll be communicating with backers and keeping them updated on your progress. that’s where project updates come in. they’re your project’s blog, and how backers can follow along with you from start to finish."
i dont actually think that the survey is going to be used for the current kickstarter run.. i think it's more an expression of interest into see who wants the wifi model for later generations. (if it is actually for this kickstarter run- then yeah... they should have posted an update with the survey)
@robert diestel +1
when you pledged i'm sure you understood what you were getting - right!! please help me understand how providing anything else other said or written is an obligation. what is an obligation is to deliver as close as possible to the original schedule, quality, and specification. this it not a make to order deal, or have i missed a change to the way kickstarter is supposed to function.
@g +1. anova, sending updates (including surveys) that all your backers will potentially see is an obligation, not a "nice to have". this is your duty as a ks creator!
@anova culinary, thanks for the link but again you post it in the comments where the majority of your backers will not see it.  how many of your 10,508 backers do you think will see this?  and of the backers that do check comments regularly how many do you think will scroll through all the comments?  pretty soon this link will be buried under multiple pages of 'show older comments'. i don't see how sending an update with the survey to all your backers to solicit feedback is a distraction for you.  don't you think you'll upset more of your customers when you give an update that says based on the feedback you gave most of you don't really want wifi, and then they start asking why didn't we get a chance to give feedback too?
@hector, g, and ingmar, regarding the survey, we do want to hear from all our backers and care about what people have to say about the issue. however, we didn't want the survey to be a distraction with the other items we were working on, such as successfully closing the campaign. please weigh in: https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/txdr7bg
wifi?
@hector silva, i don't think it makes a difference now.  if they really wanted feedback from their backers they would have sent the link in a kickstarter project update so everyone would have received it.
yeah, i never saw the survey either.  you got a link, g?
@anova culinary, why wasn't the survey about wifi sent out to all backers?  it seems that it was only posted in a comment, which would have been missed by most backers.
@jiansong, please email support@anovaculinary.com. @ingmar, plug options include au, eu, and uk. we will get this info from backers prior to shipping. @andrew, we've received quite a few responses to the survey. we'll discuss the results in an upcoming update. thanks!
have i confirmed i need a 220volt version?
@rudy, i hope not, as cee 7/17 does not contain a ground connector, and taking into account that this thing is near water, that would be unwise, if not illegal (not sure about that though). but you are right about anova having to make this clear. another issue might be a ce approval. has anova considered that?
@anova - what's happening with the most recent survey, the one asking if people would be willing to wait for wifi?
@sodakar as has been noted by other people, it would have been nice if they'd linked it again like a day or two before closing voting.  it was posted, but only once.
i want type g plug for my 240v precision cooker. :p
ingmar is absolutly right about the different european plugs. the largest part use cee 7/7 france and belgium use cee 7/5. i think anova will use cee 7/17 witch can be used in almost all european standards. i hope anova will make this clear for all.
@creator please be aware of what @ingmar guilaume said.
ditto for hacker survey - is selecting "australia" enough to ensure the correct voltage and plug?
@creator. please take into account the different european plugs. i did not see anything in the survey related to that. if it's a cee 7/7 plug, i'm happy, but others might not be.
yeah, another hacker here.  i added "220v" to my name in the adress details ... hopefully that will help.
hacker special backers are not asked to specify voltage and plug. to avoid problems, maybe you ought to send out a revised survey to the hacker backers?
@rae, we'll give you an opportunity to update your mailing address before we ship.
@anova culinary: that's great to choose colors...excited for red and some fun cooking. now on to your next challenge: an affordable chamber sealer.  :)
so, does anybody know what happens if you end up moving in between completing the survey and the ship date? can you update your mailing address somewhere?
surf & turn i -- my survey asked me to choose specifics for each system (us vs 220 volt, and color). all three color choices were available for each unit.
does the 220v version have a different wattage?
@ian, yes. you can choose whatever colors you'd like.
so just saw the rewards survey.  i guess i need some clarification.  i have the surf and turf ii, but it allows me to choose from all 3 colors.  is that actually possible now for the other surf and turf packages to choose the red?
@jiansong +1 taxes (maybe) and mostly brokerage fees! those can be very high, and goes from my pocket to the courriers one.
@lspark - thanks for clarifying!  looks like i didn't support the project until a week after that update, and of course, i didn't go back through all the updates, but assumed the color voting would happen later.  my bad.  glad y'all picked a decent color!  ;)
hi anova guys, usps shipping please. it's very useful to avoid the tax.
jay for red :) details entered, and now the big wait begins....
do the earlier surf & turf backers like myself have the choice to pick the voter's choice or are we still limited to black and white? the pledge level seems to suggest only surf & turf iv and later will gain access to the voter's choice.
hey anova folks. i was just thinking it might be cool if you could design a better (best) clip for the food bags to go along with the anova system. it would seem that while possibly a household item, the metal clip in your video will conduct heat and potential scratch whatever pot you clip it to. i think you can do better.
android is one of the three systems they have promised an app for.  do remember, though, that the device is perfectly usable without ever connecting it to a smartphone.
what about an app for android?
if there are only black white red available, i have just picked red.  but if you decided to offer tangerine color, i would like to be able to change later on.  also, there are lots of android users out there, please make sure you will have android version when you starts to deliver backer's
if there are only black white red available, i have just picked red.  but if you decided to offer tangerine color, i would like to be able to change later on.  also, there are lots of android users out there, please make sure you will have android version when you starts to deliver backer's
maybe same red (candy apple red) as kitchenaid stand mixer. :d
any pictures of real samples of the red version?  samples so far have been mockups.  difficult to establish the shade of red.  seems like a very dark blue-red.  a picture would help a lot.
@ryan why not black or white if you don't like the red? those are pretty neutral.
yep red :)
neutral colors.. come on!
i actually like the red. at least i like it better than the red used for v1.
booo red! yuck, maroon yukc yuck yuckie
@aiden good find.  i like the features: optional external temperature probe and direct computer control rs232/usb.  as a bonus for the 220v is 2kw.  dang europe and their awesome 220v kitchen appliances.
@aiden  - just saw that too, i want one now!!!
wow a new product line! the anova precision cooker pro where was that hidden?
@sodakar - the color survey was linked in the update where they announced the stretch goal at all: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/anova/anova-precision-cooker-cook-sous-vide-with-your-ip/posts/867337
i prefer the green as as third choice. white and black are neutral and green will definitely give it flair for a modern kitchen design. but that is my opinion.
i was really hoping for the tangerine color, but red kitchen equipment is always popular!
i would've greatly appreciated the color survey as an update, personally.
and it looks like they just posted color results.  not my first choice, but not bad, imo.
@ingmar, the main colors are white and black. the survey is to determine the third color they'll offer, hopefully not another shade of neutral.
@ingmar guillaume - the default colors are white and black (both with stainless steel skirt).  the color survey is for the extra bonus color that was the last stretch goal.  you should have a choice between those colors.
just filled out the survey on color.  but please, please, tell me that there will be a plain neutral black or silver. i don't like colored equipment in my kitchen.
survey was posted in the comments by anova 6 days ago might have been better in an update i guess. https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/txdr7bg.
@anova why are you posting links to surveys (colors, wi-fi) on fb and not in here? your backers are all here, not on fb!
so is this thing almost ready or what? i did salmon last night with my dorkfood dsv and old slow cooker and it just doesn't have the elegance to sous vide that i'm eagerly anticipating with my 4 anovas...
no!
@eric gingras   no. i change my pledge twice and i have been charged without a problem.
did this happen to everybody that changed pledge?
i haven't seen it either but it's entirely possible there's some kind of weird bug in kickstarter where they were passing it to amazon as different events rather than changes to the existing one.  either way, if the money's in anova's hands now, they certainly could offer a refund. it should probably also be reported to kickstarter so they can figure out what happened.  it's also entirely possible it was user error (though as far as i know the only way to have that kind of error would be to create a new account for every change! if it's in any way possible for a single account to get billed for multiple pledge levels, kickstarter has a bug to fix!)
never saw that phenemena though
ah, that is another story if it's the case.
marie-andree poisson, i believe aldo modified his pledge level a couple of times but has been charged in error for each level he had previously pledged.  i could be misunderstanding, but that seems to be what he's saying. aldo, if that is the case, i would dispute the mistaken charges through your credit card issuer once they post if anova hasn't gotten back to you first.
aldo, nothing force anova to refund you in this situation.
i contacted support but i haven't receive a feedback yet. is it still possible to get refunds on collected pledges? i'm afraid might end up with too many cookers.
people having problems with being overcharged on pledges, i suggest... contact anova directly through their support page, as linked in the latest update: https://anova.zendesk.com/hc/en-us
@tim rhind this is the link for colour vote: https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/9rmrnn7
did i miss the colour vote?  is there a link to vote, or only for certain backers?
kevin, i had thought of doing the same thing, but elected to carve up a broken old styrofoam cooler instead. i have a very nice hinged cooler. i cut a piece of styrofoam from my old broken styrofoam cooler to fit into the space where the cooler lid drops down, leaving the cooler lid open. this works beautifully and leaves my good cooler intact for other uses. whole process took under 5 minutes. also, with my particular cooler i think the styrofoam is a lot easier to place once my anova 1 is clipped in.
thanks everyone, great suggestions.
kevin, using a hole drill in the top of you cooler will allow you to drop the anova in place and let 'er go! i've used my polyscience in this way but the anova will be even easier and the volume limit will be increased due to the insulative value of the cooler. i did ribs for 24 people this way... boy were they good! finished them on a huge bbq with a weed burner.
@loner1200 i've done the beer cooler steak thing.  it works well.  :)  i got rave reviews.  kind of a pain, really, though. i am seriously thinking about taking one of my coolers, and cutting a hole in the corner to put the anova into.  this model is a little less powerful than the v1.  i would think that having a full insulated layer around the cooking vessel would allow me to keep a larger quantity of water up to temperature. i know that a lot of people love the cambros.  i'll probably pick up one or two of those for cooking on the kitchen counter easier.
@eric gringas i've done 72 hour short ribs both with an inexpertly-cut lid and with ping pong balls, and the latter was a significant improvement for reducing evaporation.  cut down topping up the water level from every 12 hours or so to once after about 36 hours.
well the balls do a good job on top of the water bath (to curb water loss/evaporation), but slowing down heat loss from the entirety of the container is good to do as well especially for long cooks (24-48, 72 hours), it will be more cost efficient.
polypropylene balls also do a great job. very expensive though. ping pong balls won't do the job, the balls need to be full, not shallow
@dragonbait i find the best thing to wrap around your cambro or equivalant container is reflectix or some other equivalent.
@pc i was able to cancel transactions that didn't went through however one was successful, im waiting for anova for a reply.
hi anova, i have a similar problem with aldo and this is what amazon has replied me so far. "i'm very sorry for the troubles you have had with your recent pledge to kickstarter. upon looking into the transaction you referenced (18quebeclimanovembertangonovembersierrauniform7charlieuniformblahblahblah)  i am showing that it was for a pledge for the black anova precision cooker. once a transaction has completed, we don't have the ability to cancel or refund the pledge. however, if you contact anova culinary llc and explain the situation they may be able to refund your pledge." looking forward to your kind reply!
yep, an insulated cooler is very efficient and works great--just cut a hole in the lid and drop in the anova.  a comparable stock pot loses a lot of heat over a 72-hour brisket cook.  an insulated cooler also effectively increases the max capacity of the anova.
@dragonbait.  yeah...a beer cooler.  however, it's no longer a cooler ...it's now a warmer!    how do it know!?!? ( head scratch )
@dragonbait i suspect he means a beer cooler. serious eats has even done sous vide in one without a heating unit/circulator (linked below). http://www.seriouseats.com/2010/04/cook-your-meat-in-a-beer-cooler-the-worlds-best-sous-vide-hack.html
@mark crum, not quite sure what you mean by a plastic insulated cooler. could you link me a picture or one for sale? thanks
then again, maybe they said october with expectation of getting 10,000 units by that time - after all, it was pretty clear early (very early) that their initial crowd funding was going to blow the roof off. wouldn't have been hard to use the early figures to begin tooling up, particularly as this is not their first product, so they have the production line already in place - just a matter of retooling a bit. and the site says the v2 is expected to ship jan 2015, so i'm guessing they ahve made some projections as to what they can achieve. :d i think they should start with all who are getting only 1 unit - gives them maximum goodwill per unit produced. :d i.e. top 2 levels you get 175 units to please 30 people, but at the lower levels that's 175 happy customers. good pr. :d (can you tell i'm only getting 1? :d)
@russ -- you are correct. i think i added the remaining # at a couple of pledge levels instead of the # of backers. either way, a lot of units, and i'm with you on doubting the october ship date. i would hope they would at least arrive before christmas though. i think the only way it would be feasible to get all units out on time would be if they were further along in the development/production process than was advertised.
@nee -- i'm not sure where you got that number, but counting the units at each pledge level gives a total of 13,379 to ship in october and 199 prototype models to ship in august (for the hacker special). that's a big number. i have doubts that they'll be able to get them all manufactured and shipped in october. there are 22 or 23 working days in october, so that would mean packaging and shipping an average of around 600 per day, which i wouldn't guess they can maintain.
is it here yet...? is it here yet...? is it here yet...? is it here yet...? is it here yet...? is it here yet...?  :d
@pete the payment already went through? can i still cancel it?
@pete worthington, thanks, i was surprised to receive a message from amazon that my trasact failed and when i checked it out seems like my previous pledges weren't canceled. was worried im not getting the last pledge i made.
@aldo lorenzo you can check your authorised payments in amazon you should see few kickstarter ones delete incorrect one. hope this helps
for those who switched pledge, try to check to amazon payments if you've been charge of your previous pledge as in my case. anova please resolve this.
help, i was charged multiple times in amazon. i noticed that the pledges that i cancelled because i switched to a new one was still charged to me. how can i cancel those.
15106 units...plus the 199 prototype hacker units. congrats, and good luck!
@lspark - thanks so much for answering my questions the other day! really helped! :)
congratulation!!!
i read that the plug type and voltage will depend on the shipping address, please make it possible to select the desired voltage and plug type in the shipping survey.
@dragonbait   i have two.  wonderbag would do what you ask. but it seems to be very bulky and expensive.  a plastic insulated cooler is cheaper,  retains heat and holds water too.
anyone have the original anova?  do you think a wonderbag (http://nb-wonderbag.com/) would work well with it to keep the heat in and the power usage down?
congratulations! can't wait to get my hacker's edition!
i'd love an option to purchase a cambro set, or lid only, with cutout for the anova!
so... another thing you guys might consider that i love with my polyscience circulator is cambro tanks with custom cut lids for cooking.  you wouldn't even need to do the whole tank if you just sold lids with a custom cut-out, then we could buy the tanks ourselves to match the lids. http://www.amazon.com/cambro-camwear-1218ccw135-18-inch-clear/dp/b0001mruzu/ref=pd_bxgy_k_text_y
@david shirt wasnt part of family pledge. in high sight you actually got cheapest pledge.
so i ordered a family pack. i want a shirt also, can you make them availible on your website?
congrats... i doubled my pledge... hopefully that means i'll get 2x the units!
congratulations to all @anova.
congrats anova, really great campaign. the only sad part is that oktober is 4 months from now... =(
well, i found this page in the last few minutes of the campaign... i quikly read the page and then ordered it real quick on a whim since the funding went way over the goal... i never thought i would try sous vide but i guess i will now!
finally time come congratulation :)))))))) can't wait for get my and rock the party yea
baby step to october...
congratulations!!! well done everyone!
congratulations anova
w00t! great campaign, now the painful wait begins!
congratulations!  can't wait to gift a few to family and friends!  quick question...how do you think this will perform in a 4.75 gal camwear container compared to the first version with the lowered wattage & water flow?
congrats on a successful funding.
i don't think i will be capable of waiting for this product.  maybe if i slipped them a fiver they would send me mine early....wait, no one can see it palmed in my hand...drat!
thanks so much, you guys!!! we are truly grateful. what a privilege this has been!!! @sw, we'll have a special, backer-only update on the color thank you!!!!!
any word on what the other color will be?
@howlongcan.... what the... rats!
fyi, the initial goal is not necessarily an indicator of how many units a creator is able to produce.  rather, it is the minimum amount that must be raised to make it worthwhile for the creator to proceed with the project.  many projects have a large upside after they reach their goal.  i'm encouraged by the fact that this is the creator's second product and that many of the lessons about manufacturing in quantity have already been learned.
@eric, that is a good question. there will probably be delays, as needing to produce more units than expected was among the things listed in the risks section.
no they should go by how long your name is longest first
@eric gingras . they should go in alphabetical order.
will anova be able to handle the production of 13k-14k units and still ship out on time in october? this kickstarter campaign went wayyy beyond their expectations or initial goal.
anova did post a survey link, it is in the update 10 comments.
3 hours togo! i wonder what color should i got. green, red, or black...
now, over $1.8m... wonder what will be the final amount
wow! so close to $1.8m
@i cheng chung - well thanks there, i went from getting a $169+$30 shipping, down to $159, and now $145. keep it up folks ;)
or those who seconded my question earlier, here is what the creator answered to my pm: =============================================== @anova culinary: "we will supply us,uk,standard eu, & au/chinese cords&plugs depending on your address"
@eric gingras: ideally, i am looking for something more local.  send me your contact details, just in case to (my full name) at outlook dot com.
@andrew thanks for sharing the survey link in the comment, it's very helpful.  i don't mind waiting a bit for wifi implementation...
@eric bettan, i also have a surf & turf, but i've been looking for a 3rd unit for a holiday gift for my mother. i'm in ottawa. i'd pay upon delivery and meet you near hawkesbury. let me know if this is ok with you.
@anova: i think it would be a good idea to link to the survey in an update... seems like it has already lead to a bit of confusion.
anyone in the montreal area interesting in splitting the costs for the surf and turf ii ($239) pledge?  i haven't managed to convince anyone i know to join in with me.
@michael carr: just scroll down, anova posted the survey link about 12 hours ago
thanks i cheng chung! :) can't wait till october!
@andrew didn't see anova posting anything about the survey. and if they had. having international backers the would not have asked for us only zip codes. so i won't be filling it in just incase somebody's looking to get a load of email addresses to do what ever they so wish with
time for a lucky one
@i cheng chung thanks for spamming. that thing has nothing to do with this project. good luck getting your free unit.
it's hard for me to let go of this $145 anova but after i see a wonderful cup i feel i need to let go of it. https://www.myvessyl.com/…
if it is anything like anova 1 the cord will be a standard detachable power lead like you would get into a desktop computer.  i moved house and things were in boxes so i pulled the power lead out of my imac and that worked fine.
late backer, but happy backer ;-)  where do you find your recipes ? is there a facebook group? blog?  i’ve just created a group for hobbyist bartender like me to share ideas, tips, recipes to make at home: https://www.facebook.com/groups/cocktailenthusiast/ join us if you want to share some of your secrets and advices ;-)  do you know a similar group for cook sous vide ?
for anyone interested in giving feedback to anova culinary about wi-fi integration, they have set up a survey to gage interest and use. https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/txdr7bg
@michael we will see, i have debit card
@mark mcd no secrets i let her know already lol but with this thing i can bust out some good cooking skills.
@eric + @jeff williams - could be a good idea for another kickstarter project... :d
@peter  the exchange rate will be whatever the spot rate that visa/mc/amex charges at the time the transaction is processed it's typically 2-3% higher then the posted exchange rate on ex.com but that will depend on your credit card terms and conditions.
goal...reached!
@peter worthington - she doesn't look on here... right? :d or else there may be very little cooking done in your place... :d
i just wish anova can ship anova v1 to my country so that i can order 1 unit and have fun with it while waiting for this v2.
@eric.  i agree it's just a netter of time, but let's hope it's not 5 years.
i'm just buying these so my wife can cook some decent meals, lol
@jeff williams. it's only a matter of time now that circulator demand will subsequently create vac seal demand. then people will start realizing that food saver type vacs are kind of limited. another 5+ years for affordable chamber vacs, imo.
btw, i hate creating a hype, but i have the anova v1. i`ve had it since november. it's amazing! you all won't regret this purchase! i'm buying two more. lol! one's not for me though.
i hope that the popularity of this project pushes someone to tackle the affordable chamber vac.
@derrick all good, ill wait and see,
i have a tier 1 surf & turf at $115 per unit. i'd give that up for a 3-pack at $125 per unit. i'm sure i'm not the only one.
it's back over the target again! a bag/case would be great but i'm not that fussed about it. the unit will be either in use or in the cupboard so the case would be more to keep things together that one might collect over time. (bags, thermometer etc.) been a great campaign for anova, now i'm just sweating on having it arrive in australia so i can start trying some of the great recipes i've been reading. :d
yep, 5 is a bit much.   but 3 i would do.
@peter worthington i am from australia too and use 28 degrees card, best conversion rates :)
i think a lot of us would jump on a 3-pack.
tam! tam! no worries, i picked up the five pick. surf and turf i up for grabs!  congratulations anova!
@derrick  i use debit card no fees but due to me being in australia, i will get charged $us from amazon but like paypal there rates are never the same as whats on the local news so its hard to work out what my bill is, hope this explains it.
@peter worthington hopefully the conversion can be done by the credit provider rather than amazon.
5 pack is up, now if someone just releases a 3 pack
why do people do that, should be like ebay, get a bad rating if you pull out, unfair on other people that are backers of a great product. anyone know what the conversion rate is for amazon, would be nice to know how much im up for, oh well just have to put more in to cover it lol
premature celebrations, some people have pulled out and it's now under again haha
$1,825,000 stretch goal? carrying case maybe? maybe throw in a cambro?
whats our next goal?
color baby!
booyah!!!
anova thanks for the survey, i think the opportunities of having wifi are endless, can see via app or web page how your sous vide is cooking while out shopping what do you all think? so close to $1,777,777  i think it will smash it
down to the final hours.
yes, jussi's question is an important one! in addition to choosing voltage and colour you should at least make it possible to choose the most common sockets. adapters is a hassle, and i really don't want to change the socket myself... i think cee 7/7 will work in norway as well.
@michael tiefenbach, yes. we'll have more answers soon and sorry for the delay. we're interested in more feedback: https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/txdr7bg.
will the device have an offset function for calibrating the thermostat?
jussi has a very good point. don't know about sweden, but for most of europe, a cee 7/7 plug should work.
has anything been said about international power compatibility? the faq says that international versions will support 220/240v. which is all fine and good. but will the units be supplied with cords with plugs that fit the sockets in  different countries? the faq specifically mentions the uk and australia. but the wall sockets in these countries look very different from those in france, or norway, or italy, or sweden, or germany, or denmark, or finland, or.... or will we all just have to use travel adapters?
please, i need a 3-pack!! more 3-packsssssss
one surf and turf 1 is now available :)
$11k to go with 23 hours for the voter's color stretch goal. sales are picking up fast!!!
@john k stevens - would love hear about the need for the up and down temps re herbs. that kind of thing interests me and i have very little knowledge on the subject. could probably look it up, but since you're offering...
i own the first model and i own two from leading company with p in name and one other model with two ss's  in name (total of four) - i have to say yours is by far the best amazed how good it is even at 185 f -- few suggestions - should be a mode to leave display on as long as unit is running - easy to forget you left it on with auto off where you turn off screen but unit is running .. second new app looks great, but please am a pro and use my own protocols -- video's look like you are taking care of users on everything -- hope you have modes where can start at say 130 f for 30 mins and go to  140f for 10 minutes. go back to hold at 130f.  in other words write a temp program - happy to share why that is so critical if using fresh herbs on things like fish or tomatoes ... look at all of the new "combi" oven units now in use in restaurant industry ... all have many step programs.. would be happy to support you at much higher level $$ if room - great great product - good luck.
can i request an audible sound once temp is reached? the current anova circulator doesn't (unless i'm missing a setting)
wow, 22 grand to go for tier 3 upgrade and 25 hours left? i want mine red, please! =)
@roland.  the voter's choice color will be available to everybody, along with the choice of black or white.
just a quick question to anyone who knows the answer, will the voter's color be available to all pledge levels or only to those where it is stated explicitly?
given the ability to create third party applications i was thinking that a raspberry pi with wifi and a bluetooth modules in the kitchen would allow for non-local control without the incorporation of wifi.  there are many ways you could make the connections without the need for an online service or if someone wanted to set-up a service they could provide the connection point without having to opening up ports on the home-based router.  thoughts on this idea/approach?
no.  i'm more bothered that their mode of operations for the entire campaign has been to stop by every few days and dump a whole lot of answers at once. this is no different than that, and that's not the best way to run a kickstarter. not that, looking at pledged vs. goal, it isn't working just fine for them.  but.
anybody else bothered that anova stopped answering questions several days ago?
@xer0mus, it can work standalone.  but you can connect to other devices through bluetooth.
late backer so please forgive me if i am clueless about the updates, but does the unit require a separate device (iphone, android phone, etc.) to use it / adjust settings or can we use the precision cooker as a standalone device?
ok. i am offering a lucky one a sweet spot in the founders club. ready? 3...2...1...go! :)
with only $169 and more pledges opened, i'm afraid $1.77m will be tough to get.
re books - i have just got "sous vide - the art of precision cooking" from sousvidetools.com in the uk. available on amazon $35. quality production & plenty of recipes.  not had a chance to read or evaluate it yet though.
posted on the status update, but might as well do it here: happy to wait for wifi
family pack is up if anyone is interested.
christopher, using ziploc bags for the sous vide is perfectly safe - and anybody who tries to tell you otherwise has an agenda. however, one of the biggest benefits to cooking sous vide and vacuum sealing is the ability to create compression, which can drastically change (enhance) the flavour of whatever it is you are cooking, depending on what liquids/spices you put in the bag with the product you're wanting to eat.  if you have the counter space, i'd highly recommend getting some sort of a vacuum sealer solution.  cheap little foodsavers will do the trick, but a good chamber sealer will perform significantly better.
you will find mixed answers about that.  some people feel that any cooking in plastic is unsafe. sous vide temperatures, however, are generally below the point where most plastics start leaching chemicals.  it's my opinion that as long as you use a high quality food grade plastic that contains no bpa, you're probably fine, or at least that's how i choose to manage my personal risks. there are reusable silicone bags that can be found (though i understand they can be a pain to get air out of, and if you're worried about those too, some people do sous vide in mason jars, using broth or oil or some other medium to fill the airgaps in the jar. i would highly recommend researching the topic and making a personal decision based on your comfort levels. that said, i am highly skeptical of 'sous vide grade' bags and anyone selling plastic bags as such is probably trying to make a fast buck with inflated prices.
i have a question, can we just use any ziploc to put the meats etc in? i read somewhere that its not too safe to use non sous vide grade plastic bags due to toxins being released by the plastics into the food.  anyone has any comments or thoughts on this?
woohoo cant wait to get my hands on them.
@bonnie: 1) i would suggest not aiming it directly at the food, but in such a manner as to 'stir the pot' most effectively. 2) nope!  you time it for the thickest portion; the beauty of sous vide is that the food can stand at that temperature for significantly longer times (measured in hours... or in some cases days... rather than minutes or seconds for proteins cooked traditionally!) without changing the quality.  the thin part of your chicken breast comes to a perfect 140 (or whatever temperature you prefer) and stays there at serving temperature until the rest is pasteurized too.  you can't overcook because the temperature is exactly the right temperature. 3) yes, definitely.  or two separate vessels for different food stuffs at different temperatures.  you can probably also use a larger vessel if you use something insulated like a standard picnic cooler.  they're saying it will keep 4-5 gallons at temperature, but it's quite possible it can do much more.  we'll all have to experiment with our own setups. 4) generally speaking, start with your water close to your target temperature (but not boiled!) even before you turn on your sous vide circulator - it saves time.  (for most proteins, 'tap hot water' is generally a close enough start in my experience.)  i recommend waiting to put your food in until your water bath reaches its target temperature to minimize any food safety risks.  (though again, if you start with 120 degree tap hot water, it's just going to be minutes in most cases.)
is the app available to download?
a few "novice" questions for those of you who've cooked sous vide before: 1. with a 360 degree vectoring pump, which is the best position for it to face while cooking? towards the food or towards the pot? 2. a lot of the examples of meats they have on the project page are very uniform in thickness. what if you're wanting to cook a boneless chicken breast that has a thick area and thinner areas? obviously, you'd want to make sure the thick area cooked through, but will not having a uniform thickness in this case sacrifice the end quality of the thinner areas? 3. with a 4-5 gallon tank capacity for one unit, if you use two units, will it double the capacity of water you can use allowing you to cook more meals/meats at one time for a larger family? 4. does the water get "boiled" or "preheated" first before the bags of food are submerged, or does the food go into cold or room temperature water and heat up gradually with the water from the start? thanks! :)
is the power cord detachabledetachable?
@brian cia and @joseph - thanks. that pastrami on the bone must have been incredible. i've made my own corned beef a few times, each time over a few weeks, but i can only imagine the extra flavour from smoking. being able to sous vide a pickled brisket though is going to be a huge improvement already.
i like the modernist cuisine app, but it's severely stripped down vs. what the books have to offer. i have both modernist cuisine (the 6 volume beast) and the modernist cuisine @ home.  whist i find @ home to be significantly more home cook accessible (it's not altogether uncommon to find a recipe in the giant set that looks great, only to have you discover you can't do it because you don't have a rotary evaporator and a rotor stator homogenizer), what is contained within just doesn't curl the toes quite as nicely as the larger tomes do.  i actually almost never even bother looking at my @home books, just because it doesn't tickle my mad scientist itch. now i'm not gonna lie, the 6 volume set creates an addiction.  i've had to rearrange my kitchen because i've devoted an entire cupboard to canisters of all the powders and popping sugars, chemicals and papers, and various little tools in order to make mc shine.  and yes, i shelled out the cash not only for multiple sous vide machines, but also an anti-griddle, amongst other things.  but it's been a hell of a journey, and i'm having a load of fun with it all.  i think the beauty of these food science books is that you can go as far down the rabbit hole as you want/can afford. personal preference, but those "intro to sous vide" books, some of which have been mentioned here, just didn't really do anything for me - i ended up donating them.
@david - i'd never heard of pasteurised eggs - had to go look it up to make sure you weren't pulling our legs. all i can say is, "far out!" very glad we have laws in australia that make things safer - we have 3 types of eggs and they must be labelled (accurately or there's trouble) cage eggs, barn eggs and free range. i never buy cage eggs - even though our conditions here are mandated to be better than some of the reports we see from the states, i figure if enough people refuse to buy them, they'll open the cage doors. :d
@sw - good sites - bookmarked for ongoing use. thanks...
seems unlikely that they'll get an additional 400 backers or so (based on the current rewards levels). too bad, i wouldn't have hated a red one (even though i don't care that much about the colour...it's just a tool, after all)
wow getting close to 1,777,777
@sw thanks for cooking site. will be nice if anova will include cooking book in there apps so we don't need go online look for it just at apps :).
@sw thank you very much, was looking for something like that :-d
@creator, after the end of this project, for those order this v2 model from your website, are you plan to adopt similar shipping policies as v1 model, that is only ship to limited number of countries?
i've been cooking sous vide for a few years now and, while i initially looked for a good cookbook to get started, i wasn't overly impressed by anything i saw and turned online. i've found several websites (no affiliation) that have more than fulfilled my needs and i never ended up buying a cookbook. there are probably a lot more, but the ones i go back to again and again are ... sous vide kitchen: http://svkitchen.com cooking sous vide: http://www.cookingsousvide.com douglas baldwin's practical guide to sous vide cooking (which, yes, is available free online at his own website): http://www.douglasbaldwin.com
@david, modernist cuisine at home is now less than $100 at amazon. seems a lot more justifiable for a non professional cook. it's now on my list to buy (i can not justify the complete version either).
@david anyone know of a really good sous vide cookbook? first off, let me say thank you to all the replies to my question! you guys are amazing and incredibly gracious to help a fellow backer on his quest to feed his family.  everyone has their own way they show love to their loved ones, mine is through cooking.  you have provided me with a ton of material i can research, and i will look at all of it. i have always wanted to buy the "modernist cuisine," but to be honest i never really had an excuse to drop that kind of cash, but i think i can mentally justify it now. i'll be honest; this product has me way to excited.  so much so, i created a stop gap just to be ready for when my cookers (yes more than one) arrive. i built a diy one at home to be used with my analog slow cooker.  i made scrambled eggs last night with it, my first ever sous vide dish, let me say, i will never look at eggs the same way again, it was like flan and a hug from a loved one rolled into one. i hope they keep this comment section open after our product arrives, or at least i hope anova provides us an outlet to share recipes, tips and ideas we can share as a community. again, thank you all for your direction and links! scrambled eggs: 4 eggs, beaten with a couple grinds of sea salt and pepper put in ziptop bag and place in 165 degree water cook for 10 minutes, pull the bag and squish the eggs around a bit. return to water and cook for 10 to 15 more minutes ( i was using pasteurized eggs so timing was less of a concern for me) pull eggs, put a little melted butter on top this will forever change your idea of scrambled eggs, it was…well…pure mouth joy thanks again everyone! david
there's a guide (pdf) to food safety precautions from the nsw govt in australia - includes sous vide safety. download it at http://www.foodauthority.nsw.gov.au/_documents/science/sous_vide_food_safey_precautions.pdf
wow! congratulation! 10,000 backers!!!
marie: i've been using this book for over two years, i think it's a very good starting point for sous vide.
how about this one?  cooking sous vide: a guide for the home cook jason logsdon
@david, @quintious, there is the modernist cuisine @home app which looks really good. it has the information of the book, with more recipes and the ability to modify quantities in the recipes. its for the ipad, cost 79.99. you can try it out with a limited lite version for free. but with an $80 itunes card going for $65 on ebay right now (item 371072710192) you can basically save about 20% on the full version. the ebook app is also available from the company that made it, through browser access. you can buy individual chapters i think. https://www.inkling.com/modernistcuisine/
chefsteps provide quite a good and short course about some basis knowledge of sous vide for those new in sous vide. but unfortunately, recently they have redesigned the web pages which some of the materials have been removed. current version is shorter version than previously shown in their website.
far be it from me to recommend any such practice, but entering 'sous vide' or 'modernist cuisine' into a torrent site will bring up some options for those who can't afford $500 for a recipe book. i noticed in ebay that adding the words 'sous vide' to almost anything bumps the price by up to 10x - e.g. we buy vac-pack rolls for our machine, 2 x 10m long, 28cm wide, for $au19 - the exact same rolls with 'sous vide' added to the description are priced at $au236 for 6 x 6m long. i.e. we get 40m for $38, they offer 36m for $236. talk about bandwagon jumping... :(
@david:  it depends on how much you're willing to spend.  what others have suggested...they're ok.  but there are 3 books that stand out above all the others. the cheapest of them is 'under pressure', which was written by thomas keller (of french laundry fame) some years back.  you can buy this one without any real pain. the other 2 are 'modernist cuisine' and 'el bulli 2005-2011'.  the former is widely considered to be the most important collection of books on cuisine since julia child's 'mastering the art of french cooking'.  the latter is written by ferran adria, considered by many to be the godfather of modernist cooking (which includes sous vide). the issue with both of those recommendations is they will both set you back in excess of $500 - each.  there's a 'modernist cuisine @ home' book set that's only a couple of hundred bucks and contains a tonne of resources on sous vide, but it's by no means anywhere near as in depth or comprehensive as the 6 volume mother set.
drop my pledge due the the lack of reply to my questions...i bet soon ther will be a better product with more active support to our questions...this posture from the creator doesn't seem good for the future
@david - for an introduction to the basics of sous vide cooking, i would check out the "sous vide class" at chefsteps.com: https://www.chefsteps.com/classes/sous-vide-cooking/landing#/
seeing as they aren't responding, i just jumped up to the $249 2-pack tier... there's a $149 single unit pledge spot open now for someone...
@david - take a look at the egullet thread "sources for determining sous vide temperatures and times": http://forums.egullet.org/topic/144404-sources-for-determining-sous-vide-temperatures-and-times/ i find the tables from modernist cuisine in combination with sous vide dash are the best starting point. as a "pure" sous vide cookbook, i would suggest modernist cuisine at home. the temperatures in the "at home" edition give you a somewhat more traditional result. personally i prefer the "best bets" from modernist cuisine. modernist cuisine at home is probably better as an app instead of the printed book. “under pressure” by thomas keller is often cited but i, personally, find it overrated. “heston blumenthal at home” however is, in my opinion, the best cookbook for the home cook ever published. it has got a chapter on sous vide...
hey anova, this functionality would sure be great: "did a brisket on the pellet smoker over the weekend and it was the first use of the tappecue.  it was great!  not only did it let me track the cook, it actually saved me.  part way through the cook, my android alerted me that the tappecue was no longer online.  ten minute drive back to the house and i discovered where the smoker and tappecue were both plugged into the same outlet and the breaker had tripped!!  reset it and all was well with the world.  otherwise i would have come home hours later to a ruined brisket."
to be realistic, i think that they haven't offered as many multi-packs as they aren't good value for them. if people will pay $160 for one unit...why offer several packages of 3 packs at $325? (or $108/unit) what would the calls for blood by like if anova released 3 packs at $140/unit? i can already read the chorus of "that's not fair" or "that's not cheap enough!" also, i wouldn't be surprised if production is an issue for them at this stage.
also, his web site contains additional supplemental information you might find useful. http://www.douglasbaldwin.com/sous-vide.html
@david lopez -- i like douglas baldwin's book, "sous vide for the home cook."
anyone know of a really good sous vide cookbook?
well we can always create a second account and buy multiple 2 packs a,d a 2 pack and a single.  which may be what i end up doing.
ivan is right.  creating more multi-packs would definitely get us over the hump.  i don't understand why they wouldn't do so when the first set of multipacks were sold out in a matter of minutes.
i'm really happy to see this doing so well, however it does feel like the creators are completely side-stepping the many calls for extra multi-pack tiers... @anova can you please explain to all of us backers why there was only 55 of the 3, 5 or 10 packs offered? 55 rewards is a tiiiiiiny fraction (~ 0.56%... yes 1/2 a percent) of the number of overall pledges (9888 at the time of my comment) please offer more multi packs for the rest of us interested backers, this could be the push needed to get over the final stretch goal over the next 5 days!!
@ michael tiefenbach, what brian cia said. here's an example of the guys at chefsteps using what looks like four big circulators... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@michael tiefenbach, it's only advantageous if your cooking vessel is larger than the maximum capacity of the immersion circulator. the anova has a stated tank capacity of 4-5 gallon/15-19 liters. if your container is larger than this you could use two circulators to compensate. i own the current model and have used large cambros and never needed two.
@christian. yes, they can run using f or c. @frank. i don't see that as being necessary. maybe if it shuts off and beeps, that would be sufficient.
will celcius temperature be supported on the sous vide device and app?
what would happen if electrical power was lost then restored? will the anova warn about possible safety issues? it would be nice to have at minimum a warning that power was lost.
would it be advantageous to use two in the same water bath using the same temperatures?
so far, i haven't seen any sous vide machine that support 110v - 240v in the market.
i have been wondering with the stretch goal for a new color why not have it to make the anova precision to be dual voltage? would be great to be able to use it anywhere in the world.
just grabbed a surf and turf i, so there's a surf and turf ii available now at $239.
only 6 days left for people to release there 3 pack so i can buy one, lol
@todd, @joseph, i guess i assumed that it would work that way.  just set it, and the thing is programed.  distance from the machine wouldn't matter at that point.  i as well hope that this would be the case.  otherwise, i may have to jump on the wifi bandwagon.
when thinking about the online community, this (http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/immersion-circulator-sous-vide-water-bath-/221462695338…) is the kind of thing i mean. near as i can tell, at current exchange rates, the $us199 for the anova v1 sous vide does not translate to $au495
@todd meyers @joseph @anova as a developer i hope the sdk/api allows for more complex operations without the necessity to have the phone nearby.  as a consumer i want to be able program the v2 with my app: for example 6 hours at 65°c followed by 1 hour at 50°c and finally turn off. my requests/suggestions: -the v2 should save and execute the commands from the app even when connectivity is lost -the v2 should sync its current commands if it reconnects or if it connects with a new device -turning the v2 off or manually changing the temperature should reset all commands
sorry if this has been mentioned, but hopefully with support for smaller pots it also allows slower circulation speeds. the previous model is a bit too powerful in some situations.
@tomas, anova culinary wrote this 2 days ago: "@mark crum - you can not use 1 device (with bluetooth) with the app to control 2 cookers."
a couple of questions that i would like to have an answer to is: in the latest movie jeff mentions that a step-up function is included. please confirm? i have not seen your answer to if one smart phone can be used to control multiple circulators through the app or if one smart device per circulator is needed?
i too would like to up my order to 3 or 5 units for myself, and foodie family & friends so would love to see more multiple order options posted so non us backers can get in on the action,  am i now allowed to order 2 surf & turfs?
@todd meyers @joseph - very good question, indeed.
@everyone worried about the safety of cooking in plastic. if i were anova's lawyer (i'm not but i am a lawyer), i'd highly recommend against them making definitive statements about the safety of any other company's products - particularly as it could have long term impacts that are relatively unmeasurable by today's standards. is anova really in a position to state that ziploc bags are safe? from what they know, sure, they'd seem to be; however, there could be other types of issues that have yet to arise. in other words, they'll probably never tell you definitively.
@aldo ikea have some cheap ziplocks in 4 sizes.
@todd meyers that's exactly what i meant. thank you for stating it more clearly than i did!
ziploc freezer bags are the thickest and most reliable as per the most recent issue of consumer reports.  since they are bpa free, you have nothing to worry about, and they'll never melt because sous vide never gets up to boiling temperature.  consider this fear unfounded.
@aldo lorenzo, i believe those freezer bags made by well known manufacturers should be safe.  in my area, i never saw any ziplocs product exist.
can anova have some info on which ziplocs are safe to use? we don't have ziplocs sou vide bags here only regular ziplocs.
good question, joseph.  what you're asking is whether the bluetooth sdk/api allows for programming the anova to change temps on a schedule, in which case you can then leave the house with your phone, power it off, etc., or whether it requires an app to send real-time control signals to the anova on a schedule, in which case the phone would need to remain within 30-40 feet of the anova.  i'd like to know the answer.
i have a question about bt and the app functionality. if i were to use the app to set the device to hold 145 for an hour then drop to 130 after that, what happens if the my phone isn't in range after the hour at 145? would the precision cooker still drop to 130?
thanks anova for reply. now i see what is ok to use plastic bag because it is not cook up to boiling point so that mean it safe :)
will this use bluetooth 4.0???
@ seyha - they do not recommend using any ziploc® brand bag in boiling water, or to "boil" in the microwave. ziploc® brand bags are made from polyethylene plastic with a softening point of approximately 195 degrees fahrenheit. by pouring near boiling water (water begins to boil at 212 degrees) into the bag, or putting the bag into the water, the plastic could begin to melt. the above information indicates that the bags should not be used to boil food; as that is when the temperature gets high enough to begin melting and could possibly be harmful. the anova sousvide machine does not reach a temperature that will cause the water to boil.
@ dragonbait - it doesn’t draw all the time, that should not be an issue. to reduce the amount of electricity we suggest covering and coastering your container.
@ andrew ebrahim - this unit will remain 800w, as it is not a replacement or upgrade of the current system, but rather a companion.
@ shane k. - thanks for the feedback!
@ jens wessling - we are passing on all ideas and suggestions to the appropriate teams. thanks for the feedback!
@mark mcd - in regards to your question on cooking and gas consumption, we would assume it would vary based on the type of searing device and size of the container holding the gas. pan-searing is a very acceptable alternative.
@mark mcd - we use cambro containers and they work great; however, any stock pot can be used with no issues.
@low chong hung - hi there. we did add them and they have since sold out.
uth vasquez - we will send out a questionnaire at the end of the fundraising campaign that will allow customers to update, change and pick their preferences.
the pledge rewards are puzzling. the surf & turf iii, iv & v are all the same rewards - the only difference is the iii doesn't offer the voter's choice colour. and yet there are different prices for them??? what does seem to have gone missing is the free international delivery. i'm glad i got one of them before they went... :d
strange that there are new pledgelevels without any update info? and new pledges includes voters choice colour before stretch goal #3 is reached? does this mean that stretch goal #3 will be implemented either way for all pledge levels?
went from single to surf and turf but always wanted more as they will make great christmas gifts for family. any chance of releasing more 5 packs?
when did that happen? i just noticed 'all gone' next to some quite odd pledge levels. 199 "hacker special", that used to be 200. 994 $159 black anovas, that used to be 1000. in the past, if someone abandoned their pledge, that reward would have become available again for others to snatch up. no more of that? someone is trying to optimise their bottom line, it would seem...
thanks michael and bob that is great help :)
another discussion of ziploc bags and safety is at http://www.douglasbaldwin.com/sous-vide.html -- scroll down to or search for "vacuum sealers."
i have tried zip lock bags in the past and always had bad luck with them leaking. not good with an expensive cut of meat. food saver vacuum bags work well and now i use the bags for the chamber vac that i got a few months ago. i may never use another zip lock or food saver bag again.
@seyha - i found this when i was searching and it seems reputable, given the source: http://modernistcuisine.com/2013/03/is-it-safe-cook-plastic/
thanks michael. i guess i have to careful buy what type ziplock bag that safe as u said.
@seyha - anova probably can't give a definitive answer on that because they do not own the ziploc companies. you may need to do your own research on it. the research that i did suggested that simmering temps are safe with ziploc brand freezer bags as they're bpa free and don't leach at lower temps. your research may suggest otherwise. it's reasonably difficult for them (or anyone) to determine long term health effects of a cooking method such as this and depends on what you use. i anticipate that the research would indicate that ziploc is about as safe as foodsaver and the like. but i could be wrong.
@anova i have question just unsure about it and don't see any answer. using ziplock bag with hot water is that safe for health? or is there kind ziplock bag do you recommend to you for no health effect? i have been hear a lot about unhealthy using plastic to microwave.  thanks :)
i hope they make it to the next stretch goal before the end. another color would be great, but i don't think they'll make it at this rate.
c´mon guys. you must have realized by now you forgot a “0” in the number of available precision packs ;)
@mark crum - you can not use 1 device (with bluetooth) with the app to control 2 cookers.
@nee - re: pump speed, you are correct. based on the 1.0 spec of 12 lpm the 7-8 lpm spec is accurate.
@russell williams - the firmware will not be upgradeable in the hacker special.
@sw - about 4-5 gallons of water will be heated in the cooker.
@yenemy - only water can be used in the bath.
madalena b ar - re: vat and customs - the shipments will come from texas. additionally, all backers will get the unit at a discounted price and most will receive free or substantially reduced shipping costs worldwide in comparison to what a person will pay when they retail.
@artc - not that i'm aware of.  i've been using the anova sous vide for several months.  most of the people in that community use ziploc freezer bags.  i can't cite the science, but what i have read led me to believe it's as safe as any other bag.  they are spec'd for heat since they're made for food storage.  jars work as an alternative if you fill them with oil, butter, some sort of liquid to displace the air.  restaurants are primarily using bags for sous vide, and nobody questions that.  i've never known anyone to ask their waiter if the chicken was prepared in a bag or in a mason jar.  do your own research though if you're not comfortable.
i just don't trust heating plastic not to leach anything so i'm planning on using weck canning jars and possibly even leakproof stainless steel containers like these: http://noplastic.ca/stainless_steel_airtight_containers.shtml there are a few examples of using jars to good results:  http://freshstartcooking.blogspot.com/search… if cooking times are measured in hours, not minutes, then i don't think the air gaps should matter so much for heat transfer. also wondering if laying a softened rice paper wrapper directly on top of the food would help decrease the air exposure without imparting any flavor. kind of like organic saran wrap?
@peter - the inverter and panels are to be attached to batteries. currently the plan is 2 x 2 banks of battery to provide storage for 24v panels and depth of power. i think provided i don't kick it off in the middle of the night, the power usage should be within specs and top-up would be fine. the ap system will use approx 90w for the water pump and about 40w for the air - and i have been trialling running water only during daylight and using battery-backed air pumps currently - i.e. i can turn the system off at night and have aeration but not water circulation - actually seems to give better veggie growth than running all nigh. over winter especially. so, if the average use for an extended cooking session is circa 100w, i should be ok. :d
@todd - thanks for that.  so no safety or health concerns that you're aware of then?
@artc, that's exactly what i use.
hello all, sort of an off topic question, but what are people using for sous vide bags?  is anyone using ziploc branded polyethylene freezer bags?  i've still not found a consistent answer whether they are sous vide safe...
oops... "nor do i think it's constructive to speculate otherwise".
don't know why other people buy multi-packs, nor do i think its constructive. but i would like to buy a 3 or 5 pack as i think they make great gifts! (and i'd keep 2 for myself) please release more multi packs! (maybe make it only accessible to existing backers? and perhaps a staggered time release?) thx
@peter i wonder if it would work well with those wonderbags (http://www.amazon.co.uk/wonderbag-portable-slow-cooker-recipe/dp/b00dm4oum0/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top)
@peter, thanks for that.  perhaps they should produce a 'compatible' insulated pan specifically for use with the cooker.
hi, will you open for more backer for the three and five units. thanks regards kl kwang
i think sous vide is for those that need precise temperature control, not only food.  for food, can use sous vide for meats, vegetables, yogurt, cheese, beer, etc...
mark, sous vide is not just for meat. in some ways vegetables gain even more from the sous vide method than meat. but temperature is the key, not time. and while your roast would come out perfect @ 57c, your vegetables need @ 85c. so either you would have an overcooked roast or undercooked vegetables. instead you should take out the roast when it is done, turn up the heat to 85c and do you broccoli. and when they are done after @30 minutes sear the roast.
@mark mcd - i worry a bit about the solar panel + inverter setup you describe. even if you start with hot water (i.e. carried in from your kitchen) to avoid the high drain start-up, the current model anova has a very low power factor when it runs the heating element on a low wattage. must have something to do with how they regulate the heating element. you might only use 140w, but at the same time it actually draws 500va, which could be a serious problem for a small inverter.
@peter - liking the figures. among other plans is to run my greenhouse pumps (it an aquaponics system) from a couple of 200w+ solar panels with an inverter to drive normal ac equipment. i'm thinking i could run an esky sous vide in the gh on a bench which frees up space in the kitchen and puts it out where the power is - free cooking :d i'm also going to look into the idea of being able to cook (say) a roast for (say) 8 hours and maybe pop the top and drop veggies in for the last 2 or 3 hours. timed right it would mean most of a meal could be sous vide - i'm thinking a vac-sealed pouch of broccoli in bearnaise sauce might cook up well to go with a lamb roast. :d damn... now i'm hungry... mostly i'm still at the research stage, trying to find out what is possible. i started an interest in sous vide about a year back but everything seemed over-the-top expensive for a home kitchen. not sure why something like anova didn't come up in the searches. then a thread on a coffee forum mentioned anova and voila! here i am. :d
@dragonbait: if you use a well insulated container power consumption goes down a *lot* as soon as the water has reached target temperature. the currently sold model, 220v version, actually draws up to 1500w (much more than specified, which is great for quickly heating up the water, but also a little worrying, being so different to spec). just a practical example when using a 7l pot with 5l of water in it: * around 10 minutes @1500w to heat up the water, depending on target temp * then without lid it would continue at just over 300w for 64 degree water, 500+ w for 84 degree water * with just aluminium foil to cover the top of the pot and snugly around the anova: ~150w * with some foam insulation around the outside of the pot and over the top of the aluminium: ~70w (i had some floor underlay left over and cut that to size, 2 layers around 2mm of foam thickness each) the best you could hope for would be about 27w ongoing, that is all that is needed to run the  pump, cooling fan and display. with my level of insulation power consumption oscillates between that and about 140w, with brief stops at several levels in between and averaging about 70w. a 24 hour session then uses about 2 kwh all up.
gentlepeople...let's all relax. and be realistic. marc mcd is probably right about many of the large pack buyers. to think otherwise is naive. he never said that everyone was doing it. he's just rightfully annoyed at the ethics behind buying a big lot of a kickstarter to resell them. he never said or even implied that everyone that bought packs is that type of person.
anyone have details on the running cost of these things? just concerned that, particulalry here in the uk, electricity is damn expensive! 900w for many hours worries me a little, but i assume it doesn't draw that all the time?
i'm one of the guys who take a 5-pack (from a two units pledge) and i'm a bit offended by all of your assumptions about me (and other backers) being greedy...  since i really like this project, i pledge for a 5 pack and i plan to give all the cookers to my family and friends as gifts and keep one for myself.
@anders. i was one that considered a 10 pack for restaurant purposes.  i ended up passing on the idea, because i don't think these devices are designed commercial (nsf), and i don't think that anova would warranty such use.
@tod i think there may be a bunch of people just splitting them.  friends who has two packs etc.  i was going to try to get the 3 or 5 pack as i wanted some at home, at the cooking school were i teach, and one in my mobile demo toolbox. i most likely am not the norm but hey maybe there was enough like me to sell them out.  but everyone is probably right in that they are being resold.
i'll admit it, i considered grabbing a five pack and putting four of them on ebay.  once i calculated the ebay fees and the hassle involved, i decided against it.  i'd be surprised if most of the five and ten packs are really going to personal use--i'd guess most are going to be resold at a profit.  not really sure what anova's motivation was for offering them in the first place.
fair enough :)
i didn't actually judge anyone. i simply made an observation then gave my view of such a situation. it's certainly possible the scenarios you give, anders, might be so, but in reality they are as much conjecture as mine. put it down to many years of watching the online community in action.
okay, now we are judging people based on assumptions. we are talking about most 30 people (5 and 10 packs), 175 cookers, assuming that all of the 5 and 10 packs have been taken for resale for profit. if i could i would have taken a ten pack, being a member of a danish online gourmand community with a thirst for everything sous vide. not for profit but because it is much easier and cheaper to import ten cookers than ten singles. not to speak of restaurant who might have been among those grabbing the five and ten packages.
given the amount of interest in the anova, i think it's a bit unethical to be grabbing the pledges so as to make money off them. it smacks of the venture capitalist types who dive in and invest in startups so they can take them over when it looks like a success - greed is destroying the world but hey, don't let that stop anyone from getting theirs while they can... le sigh... /rant
:) no - i don't have time to do it . no thanks.
@lh if you have money u can get it and sale on ebay too :)
the title is supposed to be "extended" family pack
definitely, those 5-10 pack would end up at ebay. guaranteed...
that should be 'bit of a sceptic' not biot - makes me sound like some lab experiment... :d
i'm a biot of a sceptic in the real sense of the word, but also a bit of a cynic. i look at the 10 pack option (& maybe even the 5 packs) and wonder, once delivery is done, how many anovas will be appearing "brand new in box" on ebay. i'm sure i will get at least 5 protestations of innocence, but i'll also keep an eye on ebay once the anovas roll out.
please release more multi-packs over a staggered pattern this will allow backers outside the americas a chance to grab some. i woke up, saw the email, checked the page but all gone... :'(
all right some give up your 5 pack.
personally i'm not in favour of anything that moves the delivery time into the future. :d i'm eager enough now to get it - putting a delay on things would increase my stress levels. :d
stretch goals are mostly there to attract new backers, and some think to "reward" actual backers, to higher the total pledge level. with more than $1.5m, stretch goals are clearly not an extreme priority anymore. making sure that scale-up production goes well and in time certainly is. multiplying stretch goals that impact the design and engineering of the main product as some backers ask would go against that.
speaking from a purely cost perspective (using arduino shields as reference), implementing wi-fi would cost roughly double that of bluetooth ($40 vs $20).
to people saying "you don't need a sever, you can use dyndns.org" your argument is invalid because in that case you are using a server. it just belongs to dyndns and you have to pay them for it. without a static ip or a server to act as a middle man, you would have to redo your setup every time your ip changes. granted the setup could be made pretty easy using upnp, but it would still be annoying to have to redo each time. plus, what happens when your isp changes your ip mid-way through your cook? the only reliable way to have it work would be with an external server to act as a middle man. that would entail extra costs. either anova hosting it themselves or outsourcing it to dyndns or another service.
@anova, congrats on the funding efforts so far, astounding response!  can i offer three suggestions: - i completely understand the risk management approach to stretch goals, and that increased functionality or wi-fi will introduce delays, so sticking with cosmetic enhancements makes sense. a couple of people have suggested a storage case which would be a great idea. can that be considered? personally that would be much more useful than other colours (although the s. steel skirt was a great goal).  - how fast did those multi packs go!!!  nice little $50k kick along there. perhaps offer another round or higher quantity of those.  - as the number of units that you will now need to deliver in october is probably much higher than you planned, are you able to give us some reassurances on your approach to this? thanks.
my comment about wifi was in no way what ispark tried to make it. i was simply pointing out that wifi connectivity is not a case of having to invent from scratch - there are apps that do it now, in several ways, so it isn't like someone has to invent a way to do it. and i followed it up with saying i don't even know if i will use bt, let alone wifi. we should be able to debate the merits of things without having people being provocative about others opinions or comments.
@ispark, who thinks anova is being lazy or stubborn?  i honestly haven't seen anyone say that, or say "my phone can do it, so it's easy."  people have said that integrating a wi-fi device into your home network is relatively easy--which it is--but that's a very different issue.  everyone understands that adding wi-fi to the anova v2 would require some effort.  i have seen people request it as a stretch goal, but as that would almost certainly delay the project, it's not going to happen.  that still won't stop people debating the benefits of wi-fi, which is really all that's going on.  some love the idea, some bash it, and most don't seem to care either way.  but i don't think anyone's ideas here should be made fun of.  it's just a conversation between backers, not really a place for that.
@anova, we need more pledge levels! now only 3 pledge levels available, which i think is too few. at the current total pledged amount, it is already reached "risk due to excess demand" as described in risks and challenges section?
@anova - you should offer existing surf and turf backers to increase to a 3, 5 or 10 pack.   that will help you to reach stretch goals. some of us want to buy more, but cannot since the quotas are too small. push back delivery dates or spread them out to help logistics side.
adding to that... i would expect to see the upgraded v1 costing at least 10% more than it does now, too.
they're nice features. they just have costs and design compromises (in the case of the mellow, the limited bath capacity and the big storage space as well as cost!).  there's several people who seem to think that anova's just being /stubborn/ and /lazy/ and it would totally just be like flipping a switch to change to wifi.  we've actually had people say "my phone can do it so it's easy."  and that is totally worth making fun of. i would expect to see the v1s upgraded to have connectivity sometime in the near future, since this is not intended to be a replacement, but rather a secondary model, and it doesn't make sense to have features on the cheap model not available on the expensive model.  that connectivity might include wifi.  that's the flagship model, so that's where i'd expect to see wifi, if anywhere in anova's lineup.
@chuck, you can get a sous vide with wi-fi, but it's twice as expensive, so i don't think you'll be disappointed in the short term.  (that other unit also has refrigeration to chill foods and some fancy features that folks would make fun of here.)
@anova culinary, two things. how many colors besides black and white are you hoping to release? i would love as many color choices as possible, why not have kickstarter green and black as an option for your backers. also with your new 3, 5, and 10 options why have you offered so few? i have no need for that many but i do want your/our venture to be as successful as possible. have you considered offering more 3/5/10's with different expected ship dates if manufacturing a crazy volume is a perceived issue? how can we possibly blow the doors off this venture is you don't give your backers enough opportunity to spend lots of money and buy lots of product. find a way to get us to $3 million. as for wi-fi i'd like it but i don't think it's a deal breaker. conversely if it's not there and another company does that at a similar price point and it have some value i may feel a bit bummed.
oooh, ooh, let me in on the armchair engineering! fine, i want a 4g capable anova so i can get hd rendered graphs of the stable temperature of the water streamed live from my campsite in the hills to my cell phone while i'm rafting down the river.  i can imagine a use case for it, and my phone has 4g, so i can authoritatively say "it's not that hard to do".
well, that escalated quickly - go to bed, get up and pissfart around for a few hours, get online and find they've offered new rewards and they are all gone. :d yay for anova - clearly an excellent kickstarter product going by popularity. @devesey - i figured it would be something like that. i have an esky sitting in the top cupboard, hasn't had use in 5 years or more. will make an excellent sous vide container. @wifi - it's not that hard to do. i had an app on my phone to let my computer access phone files over wifi - click on the app and it popped up a web page address to access on the pc. that web page showed all available folders on the phone and extsdcard. something along those lines shouldn't be that hard to adopt if wifi is seen as necessary. personally i'm not sure i'll even use the bt connection - the only use i can see might be to access recipes online and use bt to program the anova automatically, but that would require recipe posters to follow specific guides so the app would recognise the data. other than that it would seem the difference is being able to set 80ºc and 5 hours from my recliner or walking into the kitchen. it might be worth having the anova able to have more than one temp program running. i.e. leave home in the morning and set the steak to cook for 5 hours at (say) 40ºc then it ramps up to (say) 50ºc for the next 3 hours, delivering a perfect steak for dinner. then it isn't sitting in tepid water for hours and it isn't overcooking. but i'm a noob to all this so i don't even know if that is a viable way to sous vide.
@andrew ebrahim @anova has said that v2 is not going to replace the v1, so there isn't any plans to introduce 1000w
err i mean 1000w
any thoughts on doing a 100w version of the anova 2?
give tod a brake guys.  he is good people.  he is trying to help people out here cause he is correct in that if your reason to not want wifi is that you think you will automatically need a server or some service you are wrong.  heck if you are scared of the setup you don't need to use it.  but there are plenty of people like tod that can do the setup, and config.  they would like to see wifi let them fight for it.  unless of course anova says it wifi or feature b and you want feature b. there is no reason for this debate.
@todd, agreed - and it probably wouldn't be that hard to make it work for most people.* i don't buy into the "challenges" argument either. *if you've never met my mother-in-law
@tjex, dyndns.org has been rock-solid for over a decade that i've used them.  another "throw this up against the wall and see if it sticks" argument.  i'd point out that it's good enough for asus, linksys, belkin, etc. to include in their routers.  anova wouldn't be depending on them any more than they would be depending on your router, your isp, your mobile device or mobile carrier.  how you resolve your ip address isn't a business decision that belongs to them.  it's your network, you own it, you manage it and connect to it however you wish.  you're putting that on anova simply to cloud the issue. i do have to admit, i'm surprised by how many people here consider themselves technically challenged when it comes to computers and finding an ip address.  i genuinely think the kind of people who back a sous vide project on kickstarter are probably above-average in intelligence and capability to do those kinds of things, but maybe you guys are right. i guess the best argument against wi-fi really is "we can't figure that out" because there's really no counterargument to be made.  anova probably knows what their customers can and can't handle better than i do.
@todd i promised myself not to jump back in... your router is using a service for dynamic dns, it's not the router itself that is doing it, our just relays the external ip. there are free dynamic dns services out there and paid ones. my router is handled by asus. if i were anova i would not rely on a free service, it's not a smart business solution. anyways, enough said on my end, i'm done with this subject. lets talk food!! :)
hey geeks. modern platforms have solved the chaos when it comes up to network setup. the electric imp is a fully integrated platform requiring none of that nonsense. it's automatic. it just works.
@michael, if you simply said "who cares" then i wouldn't argue with that.  i just feel compelled to debunk the "anova would have to create a cloud service" or "it's too hard for normal people to figure out" arguments. fully agree that it would almost certainly delay the project and won't happen, and for that reason, probably shouldn't, this time around.
@todd meyers there is a problem you are not grasping here.   go into a micro center and ask customers if they know how to find their wan ip address, then go into a sur la table or a crate and barrel and ask the same question to the customers. anova would either need a larger call center or a server if their goal is to make a sous vide cooker that appeals to mainstream consumers as a wifi appliance. i love wi-fi and i am not against it.
@tjex, i've mentioned this about four times already, but dynamic dns service is built into must modern routers these days.  i haven't touched mine since i set it up several years ago.  it's free, it automatically updates when your ip changes, and it just works.  my 66-year-old mother uses it, built into her belkin router, so i'd bet you could figure out out.
@todd, i don't think that anyone is "against" wifi. it's just that some of us feel that it's not a practical solution (at this time). it wasn't in the original development proposal and i'd imagine that the shift to wifi would be more work on their end and would delay. and, quite frankly, you're probably right - they just want to add it to v3 and sell a crapton more units. and because it's not particularly "needed" in the sense that i still only see one viable use for it (pre-heating the water for when you come home), a camp of us feel the need to point out the flaws with it rather than to just say "yeah anova, delay the project for something that has very little benefit" (in my mind). even the pre-heating the water thing...that could still theoretically be done with a delayed start timer built into the app or the device itself. i also live in an area with very little power problems, so i have a hard time appreciating that (although i can understand that others may have those issues). if it's like most "soft start" devices, it won't even be on if the power goes out (i.e. which is why you can't use an "electronic" slow cooker or rice cooker with a dorkfood dsv or other pid controller) and you won't be able to communicate with it anyhow. ultimately, you probably don't want a device that's turned on just because it's plugged in. i guess a wifi-power on solution could work but i also think that might be stretching what's necessary out of a fairly inexpensive device. in short, it's not "anti-wifi" as much as "wifi isn't going to happen and there are quite a few reasons why at this point and because it offers very little benefit...who cares?" it's probably close minded of me not to imagine the grand benefits of wifi but i can only think that i've never conceived of a desire to have wifi for any other appliance that i own. i've also sous-vided a few long-cooks and been perfectly content to just let it sit and come home and see what's happening. then again, that was with a dorkfood and slow cooker so it would come back on regardless of a power outage (unless it was a blown breaker).
@alan +1 you are 100% correct. i got a little carried away ;) closing the door on this from my end. looking forwards to playing with the new anova!!
geez, i must be backing the wrong project here. perhaps the anova folks could kickstart another project which is just a house brick with bluetooth. then all the backers could argue about whether the brick should have wi-fi as a stretch goal and whether it needs a server or not.  i'm just planning on using my precision cooker to cook food. pretty lame i know.
@jeff +1 @todd, you need to understand that a turnkey solution is needed. the "look up" your ip isn't feasible. your ip lease can expire. you are right in that a hardware server isn't needed, i was referring to software. saying this, please give us your technical suggestion on how to make this work direct to the unit from an external to your home network without "something" to resolve the ip, that is easy for everyone to use and is "set and forget". for connection within your network, i agree,  it's pretty dead easy. but then bluetooth is good enough.
@jeff, thanks, we agree.  people jane said all kinds of things.  it's been a long read. @bob, i literally did laugh at that comment.  i've only had one project meet their estimated delivery date, and that's because it was already printed before the project was created.  here's to hoping this one breaks the usual kickstarter pattern. i agree wi-fi is not necessary.  neither is bluetooth.  but between the two, bluetooth is severely limited.  from home security systems to ip cameras and nest thermostats, home automation appliances are really taking off.  it just seems odd to have people so adamantly against it here.
@tod i was under the understanding that people said it would either takes ports opened and forwarded or a middle service to connect to.  it would not require a sever.  it would be fairly trivial to connect to the device over wifi. upnp wouldn't alone just set all of it up.  but again it wouldn't be hard.  but tod if you are in the business then you have to understand as well it is beyond some people.  if bit geek squad wouldn't be in business.  before i was a professional chef i owned an it service company.  actually i still own the company.  people still hire you out to setup there wifi networks and get devices connected. anyway, for to argument at hand you are correct.  you wouldn't need a special server, and anova wouldn't need infrastructure.  but i do think that if anova added a wifi piece they could bright from a small cloud service.  the device just connects to it and the device hands push notifications, etc.  there are some other pretty cool things that can be done with such a service.
more 3 pack ++ and bluetooth vs wifi. neither are important features for me. but while i can move my ass the same distance as the bluetooth connection reach in five seconds, a wifi equipped model would allow me to start heating up the water when i leave work, ready for when i come home. in short: bluetooth: not important/not useful wifi: not important/useful more 3 pack: absolute nessesary feature.
fair enough, todd, but the same's true of bluetooth. considering adding a radio would likely add a new round of fcc certification to the process, it doesn't seem very likely to happen. (i'm backing another project, lumini, which uses bluetooth in led lightbulbs for that and other reasons similar to the advantages bluetooth has for the anova as well.) i don't have much of a vested interest beyond thinking that finally getting just one kickstarter project i've backed to actually hit its ship date would be awesome. *shrug*
@bob soron, i said plex and those other devices are directly accessible through your home ip address, no server needed as a middleman, just open ports on your router.  obviously any device you connect to needs to be able to communicate back, by design...call that a server, a service, an agent...regardless, the point is anova wouldn't need to set up servers in the cloud, and users wouldn't need to set up a server at home...just the anova appliance, a mobile app, and the minimal skills needed to configure your home network are all that would be needed for wi-fi to work.  end of story.
more 3-packs please!!! thanks, can't wait to get mine... do we have a verdict on the third color choice? or will you announce once you reach the goal? would be cool to have a "so far" line up of the colors most popular. thanks again.
@bob soron...internal servers...we can agree on that.  that's not what others have said or implied.  anova needs an internal server for bluetooth as well, so that point is moot.  :)
todd, i'm not familiar with some of those, but slingbox and tivo both depend on internal servers to handle requests from their clients, and if the plex you mention is the multimedia soiftware, it *is* a server. (just like xbmc.) if you're using bonjour or a similar local addressing scheme, you can even load the tivo's regular and secure servers in your browser.
@tjex, you're talking about the anova's built-in functionality, and if you want to call that a server, go ahead.  but you'll have to call it a server whether you connect to it using wi-fi or bluetooth, so that's a red herring.  people saying you'd need a dedicated server are way off base.  people saying anova would need to host anything or create a custom domain forwarding service are way off base.  dynamic dns is built into just about every router these days.  it's not as difficult as you make it out to be.
and truthfully, i'm not even asking for wi-fi really.  i'm just blown away at the misinformation coming from the anti-wi-fi folks.  either they are being deliberately difficult, or they just don't understand how things work.  i do this for a living, but even my non-it friends know how to set up upnp devices, find their home ip address, set up dynamic dns (built into most routers now), etc.  it's just not hard to do.
@todd that's because all have a webserver on them. secondly, using an ip to connect is not feasible as not many of us have a static ip. someone (ie: anova) will have to manage a domain for you to connect to, to access the device. there are other solutions, but it's not as simple as what you make it out to be.
@bob, you're right about that.  i'll probably set up bluetooth on a home pc, or build a dedicated raspberry pi.  or i could buy one of the sous vide devices that does offer wi-fi, or upgrade when anova v3 has it built-in.  ;)
man, you guys are simply wrong about needing a server.  vonage was an example of upnp, not an example of a device you remotely control.  slingbox, subsonic, plex, devices like bbq guru, rocks stoker, tivo, all of them are directly accessible through your home ip address, upnp, port forwarding.  none require a server, either on the lan or in the cloud.  neither would an anova.  there are features you could do with a cloud, like devices such as tappecue utilize, but it's not needed.  zero infrastructure is required from anova, just wi-fi instead of bluetooth.  i don't know how to educate you any more than this, you're just flat-out wrong.  totally 100% wrong.
since bluetooth will be used to push notifications to android, ios, and windows phone, you wi-fi geeks can use ifttt to do whatever you would have wanted a wi-fi model to do. heck, if you drop $50 on a cheap, crappy, underspecced android tablet at your local dollar store, you can run ifttt on that.
@tod devices like vintage work because they communicate with a server.   in order to communicate directly with the device from outside your network you will need a gateway service or do some port forwarding. that said i think it would be easy enough for anyone to do.
@todd you need a server because the whole point of wifi is to access the anova while out of the house. and something is needed to publish the info and act as an interface for you to connect and interact with the unit. saying this, a server can be very small. i used to have a webserver working out of a floppy!
@daniel buckman, you're not making sense, brother.  any upnp device and upnp router does that automatically, transparent to the user.  it's as simple as setting up vonage or a thousand other home devices.  who set up your home network?  surely you didn't do it yourself.  if you did, you've got all the skills needed.  if not, then wi-fi is definitely not for you.
@todd meyers what you say is fine for local network, outside of the network a user would have to configure port forwarding (just like your bbq guru wifi.)   your average user is not going to be able to do this!  this is a cooking appliance not a high tech router, your average consumer is not going to be a networking know it all.
@jeff i you're ever in norway, please stop by!
@magnus, i can't believe the 10 pack went so quickly as well.  almost went there to order for the restaurant.  but i don't think these are nsf.  anyway,  i want to come over for a dinner at your house if you need 10 of them.  lol
+1 @jens! a case would be fantastic!
@tjex, what would you need a server for?  you don't need a server, if the anova supports upnp it requests open ports from your router and then the anova app on your smartphone/tablet connects directly to it.  you wouldn't even need a direct connection for the anova to send you alerts.  look at devices like bbq guru for a wi-fi enabled appliance that needs no server or cloud dependency, logs your cooks, allows real-time monitoring, sends programmed alerts and can be remotely accessed and controlled from anywhere you've got an internet connection.  it's just not as complicated as some of you folks are making it out to be.
yes! i got here in time for the 10-pack :) super happy!
@daniel just to chime in. the server can sit on the unit, or on a pc/mac that auto connects to the device. saying this, i"m not to concerned that it doesn't have wifi. @scott thanks! i'll be getting one of those cases.
@anova that is great news, thanks for that clarification! i do not envy your task to keep track of everyone's choice for colours, voltages and cables :)
@daniel buckman, no you wouldn't need a server running in the cloud to connect to anything.  you'd need a router that supports upnp, which is any router made in the last 15 years.  your anova could easily tell you your ip address, although anyone who can't find their own ip address can google it in 60 seconds.  if you can't figure that out, good luck using bluetooth and pairing it with each new device you want to use it with.  you're trying to make wi-fi sound like some scary technology nobody here could possibly figure out, yet slingbox users, streaming tivo, remote desktop, ip printers have no problem doing it.  the whole world is connected now, it's not some sci-fi thing beyond the average user and hasn't been for a long time.
surf and turf backers can choose their colors.
@alex, yes. you can get a mix.
@chad price, yes.
just switched to two units, missed out on the three. may i get them both in black instead of one white one black?
ok so that went fast. am down for a 3-pack and a s&t 1 (with 2 accounts). so 5 total. would switch to a 5-pack but really not clear if i can get a mix of 110-120v and 220-240v versions as part of the same pledge... @anova can you clarify that? thanks!
now that the new packs are with free  colour combinations, could we pleeeease be able to choose the colours in the surf & turf package as well?
wow what a frenzy i just managed to jump into early bird 2
got the first 3 pack! splitting it between myself (with my v1), my buddy, and my little brother.  great value!
crap, that 3 pack sold out faster that i was able to get on.   bummer.  i don't need the 5
they managed to sell all 25 3-packs in about 5 minutes!!! i considered it, but i have no idea what i would do with 3. i don't even have one at home yet!
@davasey, i get the having the bath ready. not ideal but you could run it the entire day, and have it ready when you get home,  you can also just let it cook.  the extra few hours won't effect the texture of the product to much,  usually that take like a full day of cooking time.  i don't think the ice bath idea is to good of an idea.   the question i have is would it get to temp in that circumstance in the required time.  i wouldn't guess it would still be on danger zone for longer than needed.  as far as reducing the temp to a holding temp.  i think this is a good idea,  but it in no way require wifi or any other type of connectivity.  just make it part of the initial programming.   i do like the idea of knowing power outage possibly before you get home, so you can still have dinner planned. either way it seems like people want the feature.  i would pay extra to see bluetooth removed forget wifi.  add an auxiliary temperature prob port.  and some more advanced programming (like programming a cooking temp and holding temp). but i would think you would see wifi before i saw that just because there seems to be more backers for the wifi feature.
new update is cool. very cool, actually. i just freed up my s&t i for the 3 units. along with my other account of one unit at $100, that's pretty stellar for 4 units.
one thing i really like with my polyscience unit is the padded carrying case. have you consider creating something like that for the anovo?
@davesey the idea about heating the bath to temp is a good one. i hadn't thought of that. (i.e. leaving the cooker sitting in water and then kicking it on an hour before you leave work so that it's ready when you get home) - i like that. that being said, i always set my water bath to temp (or close to) in my current setup by starting with boiling a kettle and using that with tap water to get to approximately the right temp. so this would save me that (admittedly not very hard) step.
@todd meyers it is not silly nonsense your average user is not going to know how to open up/redirect ports to access a device directly let alone find their own ip address. not to mention dynamic ip addresses.....in order to get it to work you would have to log in through an app that connects to a server which redirects to your device on your home network that is the generic framework for such an idea.  as for liability you clearly have no clue what you are talking about because all you need is someones cat or dog knocking this on the floor and setting a house or apartment on fire....im sorry but "they should have known better" does not work in the us legal system.
@daniel buckman, servers for what?  i connect to all kinds of things at home remotely without any servers needed.  liability is ridiculous too.  you don't like wi-fi, that's fine, but don't throw out silly nonsense just to see what sticks.
@davesey not to mention the liability behind such an idea would be crazy for a company to get behind.
@davesey for your average user to conect to this device while away from home would require anova to setup and configure servers.
@mark mcd i cut a hole in the cup holder of a cooler just like this guy did: http://forums.anandtech.com/showthread.php… @jeff williams it would be nice to heat up the bath to temp before you got home. but also i would like to keep a vacuum sealed pouch of food in an ice bath and then turn it on before i got home. this way it would be done right as i got home so it goes from below bacteria growing to ready to be eaten when i am ready for it. also, as others stated you could have the temp lowered to a safe measurement if you don't want to overcook before you got home. it's not even a question. wifi is much better than bt as it allows much more options and there might be more uses for wifi that others haven't thought of as well, plus it doesn't add anything to the cost.
+1 too. a case would be really great!
case @tjex i use this http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b001ft4zqu/ref=oh_details_o05_s01_i00… i cut up the foam from the original box and it fits at a diagonal
+1 @jens!  a case would be so handy. i travel  (by car) with the gen 1 anova and have yet to find an alternative to the original box.
ditto to jens wessling re: case. my poly science sits on the shelf but sometimes i fear a family member will let it fall. my family would be a good study group for breakability. :)
@anova to be honest, i don't care much about the colours. just make the whole thing out of stainless steel... that would be great! next stretchgoal maybe?
@jens good call.
i don't expect any stretch goals, but the one i would most like to see is a case to store the anova in. that would be great.
@cody. i asked because i didn't see any actuall usage scenarios in previous posts sure i may have missed some but there are a lot of posts.  the power outage is the only real thing i can think of.   as far as cause i can monitor from my couch instead of from 30 ft.  i don't know what people are monitoring.  unless they are just wanting to know that the water bath is holding temp.  for me i will set the device and never think of it again until the timer beeps. for me the "everything these days is going connected" is just a gimmick, yes it is happening but for the most part it isn't making life easier, at least that i see. but that is why i asked the question as well.  maybe i missed something. as it stands i can see myself even using the bluetooth connection.  but i will concur that if you were going to chose between putting in bluetooth or wifi. wifi is the better choice.
@seabell that is a decent use case so long as the unit is actually capable of recording it power loss time.  i can see how it would be nice for those that are doing there cooking away from the house to know that info prior to them getting home.
@davesey.  i understand that food will continue to cook.  cooking is an equation about heat and time.  so even though food will hold a perfect temp it will in fact cook due to the time portion of the equation.  however wifi doesn't help that.  if your not home to pull the food from the bath when the timer goes of you still have an issue. as far as being able to turn the unit on from work, are you talking just so the bath is hot and ready when you get home?  that wouldn't be a bad idea.  but i thought the unit was already capable of a programmed delayed start.  i guess i could be mistake there though. if not invite for a delayed start function.
@michael carr.  if you are looking. for those container.  just google cambro containers.  i have verified with support the the anova 2 can handle the size of the 4.75 gallon cambro.  but that is petty big unless you are doing a few steaks.
i voted 1. tangerine, 2. red, 3. blue. that tangerine color is gorgeous but probably won't win :*(
@cody. if bluetooth means that you can't connect with more than one device, then that's a good reason wifi would be better. you can set the device manually without the app. you just can't start the pc from your phone. plus, my roommates shouldn't be using my lovely new toy without me there anyway ;) for those who want to delay setting it up, or set it up from across the street. i still don't understand why. this might be crazy me thinking, but wouldn't setting the initial cooking, then letting it sit at 130f after it's done cooking easier? the pc can do that. this may be a great divide we have :) considering most other pc's on the market don't have phone integration and are more expensive, i'm pretty happy as it is.
vote blue!  best color to go with those coolerbox setups.
in the bbq world i come from (competition kcbs), a lot of pellet grillers favor what is known as a "reverse sear" method for steaks, chops, chicken, etc.  you smoke the meat low & slow and then finish with a sear on a 600f grill for a minute or two.  same principle applies to sous vide.
blowtorch is also good to cook some meat that have curve shape.
@mark mcd - i forgot the main reason for choosing a torch over a pan: minimal overcooked meat. you cook the meat through with the precision cooker, and the torch creates a crust via a maillard reaction without cooking any of the underlying meat. if you use a pan, there's significantly more heat transferred into your meat, and if you're not careful you end up with a layer of overcooked grey meat between your crust and the center.
@mark mcd - there are a few reasons to choose a blowtorch over a pan - more even coverage (ever have a steak or chop with crispy edges but the middle is still grey?), quicker, no need to heat up and dirty a pan, and you get to use a freaking blowtorch. if you get a propane torch and use one of those big green camp cylinders, you'll easily get >20 uses from it. if you get a butane torch like an iwatani and use the 8oz butane cylinders you'll get 10-15 uses. cylinders cost somewhere in the neighborhood of $4. @michael carr- there is such a thing as "torch taste" when using a torch, but recent research has shown it's actually from the intense heat at the tip of the flame creating compounds on the meat that have a bad, fuel-like taste. as long as the torch is lit before coming into contact with the meat, there shouldn't be any taste from the fuel. just keep the tip of the flame moving to avoid torch taste, or invest in something like a searzall (another successful kickstarter - look it up. they're going into production now).
@mark mcd exactly what i was thinking too.  and wondering if it taints the meat taste with firing butane at it. but looks fun all the same
sooo... i've been looking around at sous vide videos, getting hints and ideas. many of them use a small blowtorch-on-a-can to sear a steak. it seems to take maybe 4 - 5 minutes to do both sides of a steak. i'm just wondering how much of a can of gas that is? would you get 2 steaks per can? 5? 10? i was figuring i'd just heat a good solid frypan and sear my meat that way - is there a reason they don't do that in the videos?
i'm curious about options for the container used. i see a cooler mentioned - is that a metal cooler box of some kind? how does plastic hold up to sous vide temps? also, i'm wondering what the actual dimensions are. would be handy to run a hole saw through a lid and maybe use a uniseal to hold the anova in place - reduce heat wastage and also aid the ice-in-water storage time if you set it up before going to work and then use wifi to start it up. (which i guess means i'm in the 'let's have wifi' camp. to me, bt is really only useful if you browse to a recipe and use that to set your temp/time. as notification it's distinctly limited. wifi on the other hand could offer extended range to set things going and/or notifications as mentioned below.
bored at work. had a look on youtube for some inspiration. by the way i'm completely new to sous vide cooking. for others that are new check this video out. didn't realise till he got to the actual cooking part that he is using the original anova lol http://youtu.be/o-bjdwepbcu looks sooooo good can't wait to try it out.  like the clear container he had the anova in. must try and find one like that rather than a pot
i think jesse slaton is right about matt being right about anthony cherny being right! ditch the "chrome" bezel! i reckon the original mock-ups without bezel look way better!
i don't know how i miss this kickstarter :'( early bird. this is damn cool product i love it. while watching this make me so hungry. good job anova for bring this to us :)
doh, added an extra 'if' there :)
actually if most foods will be affected if you leave it in too long. according to serious eats steak will turn mushy if you leave it for say over 18 hours. vegies will be very soft if you are cooking at 90c for more than say 15-20 mins (for carrots).i think wifi for me would be to enable the apps to do automation (cook and then hold at a lower temp etc.)
@michael lebeau - i understand that but a lot of people have been asking for it. as long as you add ice in the water you should be fine and don't wait too long. especially since i cut out a hole in a cooler and have a very tight seal it would work for me.
sorry. that response intended for michael.   bon appetit
@davesey - actually the eggs won't cook any more. reference herve this phd. french molecular gastronomist who popularized the 65c egg. the different proteins in the egg denature at different temperatures and won't change until their respective temperatures are reached.  you can hold and egg at 65c for 24hrs and it won't cook any more.
actually, now that i think about it, that's an interesting piece of information to publish - which foods are affected by prolonged holding at target temperature and how are they affected? kenji @serious eats did it with eggs. but what else? maybe it's out there already - i haven't looked - but i haven't stumbled across it either in my relatively short time cooking sous vide.
@davesey - i think that you'll find that to be a rare occurrence/reason for wifi. the other reasons, sure...but yours is a huge food safety issue (for many types of foods...not all). you could probably leave eggs or some veg in a bag in water for a few hours before you turn it on but please don't do it with meat. you'll regret it.
can you please update the info abou the bluetooth you'll be using???i think is time since there's only 11 days for the end of campaign
@jeff the biggest reason for wi-fi is to be able to turn it on from anywhere such as work and then it will be ready by the time you get home. and by the way, contrary to what people are saying the food does still cook even though the temperature is stable. on some foods such as meat you would not notice much of a difference after even another hour but on some you would such as eggs and probably vegetables.
@jeff williams: the device could report the length of the outage and the temperature seen when power returns. that way, you would know whether to pick up a takeaway on the way home because your sv food cooled down long enough to be dangerous. we don't all enjoy totally reliable electricity supplies!
jeff — it's about integration. the world is moving towards connected devices ('internet of things'). there are advantages to having a kitchen appliance integrate with any number of systems vs a direct link to a single phone. the cost of wifi vs bluetooth is a buck or two. bluetooth is just the wrong technology to use in this instance. but, here's a really simple reason — do you share cooking appliances with someone? whoops. bluetooth can only pair with one phone. you'll have to reconfigure the cooker if you'd like to use it vs your flatmate.
@jeff, the applications for wi-fi have already been covered.  not everyone sees the value, just as not everyone sees value in bluetooth or a stainless steel skirt or a red unit, but some do.  i don't think either camp will convince the other side here, but look at it this way: wi-fi offers more functionality than bluetooth, so if you think wi-fi is pointless, bluetooth is even more pointless.  wi-fi gives me real-time communication from anywhere in the world; bluetooth gives me real-time communication from my couch, saving me from a 30-foot walk to the kitchen.  how useful is that?  it's certainly not worth bragging about.  as a hardware guy, i know the cost of a wi-fi module is on par with bluetooth, so it's probably not a matter of expense, it's more likely a matter of holding something back to offer in an anova v3.
@rory, thanks for the heads up. we'll forward that to the engineering team.
for those wanting wifi to monitor, what do you think you are going to have to monitor.  it won't be able to tell you when the food is done.  it isn't taking the internal temp of whatever is in the bath.   all there is, is literally a timer.  i suppose maybe if you want to know if the power goes out, but if that happened you wouldn't likely know as the power is out the device won't send the notification.
@anova, if you are not going to do a blackberry app, please do not make the android app dependent on google play services in any way so we can sideload on blackberry and run it under the android runtime.
i don't see any need for wi-fi, but maybe you can find a way to connect it to the nest smoke detector so that these people leaving their stoves on for days will know if their houses burn down.
all stainless steel would be an awesome option.
i want it all stainless steel.  is that an option?
the wifi is unnecessary in my opinion. one of the great things about sous vide is that i can put my food in the water, go play at the park, forget about it , come back later and it is waiting on me. it doesn't matter whether my steak was in there an hour too long as it doesn't cook past the temperature at which i set it.  i'm neurotic enough without having to check constantly on something that is supposed to free me up from being connected. to those of you new to sous vide...you're going to love this gadget.  made a chateaubriand with a béarnaise sauce (both sous vide) for christmas. fantastic. no leftovers.
though the 2nd stretch goal was great, i think expecting 200k $ for adding just one color is a bit ... boring?
i'm happy with just bluetooth, especially since it works with all platforms now. the set-it-and-forget-it means we don't have to track it throughout the day. slow cookers don't have wifi either.
the colour vote is a nice touch! let the campaign begin! vote pedro!
i dig the red color in this new stretch goal. should go well with a classic red kitchenaid.
@todd meyers i agree it's not the decision i would have made in their place.  but it was one of the things being demanded as a stretch goal by some very loud backers.  (who then weren't appeased; it was too little, too late!)
i agree with a comment someone left the other day and i think a better stretch goal would be to add wifi support.  especially for a cooking technique that requires such a long time, the likelihood you being within bluetooth range that whole time is not ideal.  being able to monitor the device via wifi when the whole process can take a few hours would be a great feature.  more so than a custom color.
@sarah - the stainless steel skirt is more expensive. we're going to have to raise the retail price to make it work.
does anyone know if this unit can operate in a closed environment? i'm assuming having an open container isn't very energy efficient.  there will be heat dissipating over the water surface, and it will keep doing that for hours while it cooks.
@sarah, they raised it from $169 to $179.  see update #5: "we’re anticipating that the new retail price will be $179, as the stainless steel skirt is more expensive than plastic. we’re going to need to raise the anticipated retail price to make this upgrade feasible."
@todd meyers  did the ss skirt up the cost to $10? i thought it was more of a general bump after further development and cost assessment (like adding the android and windows functionality, too).
thanks to whomever backed out of their $139 pledge spot. i nabbed that after originally having a $159 pledge =)
it seems like a poor decision that they added $10 retail for a stainless steel skirt that is purely ornamental if their goal was to make sous vide more accessible with a lower price point.  they should have made it an accessory upgrade option.  now they are going to manufacture and support two designs only $20 apart?  very strange business choice.
once again, ispark, +1 and then some. nice to see that someone "gets it"
i left this more or less this comment on the update too, but, i think it bears repeating. as a reminder, anova's stated goal with this model is a lower price point to make sous vide more accessible. i would not expect any significant hardware upgrades that would raise the retail price.  it's already taken one 10 dollar jump, and it's now only about 20 bucks under the v1.  that's 10% cheaper, which is nice but not amazing.  further price increases due to kickstarter prompted changes would only narrow that. perhaps more reasonable stretch goals would be: other color options (which generally raise setup costs and initial order requirements but we have lots of orders here... and don't raise the per model cost after the set up costs are accounted for); a storage bag; a custom rack/hook to hang your v2 on the wall of your kitchen; a cookbook of anova employee favorites; a program as a bluetooth to internet bridge, preferably for all mobile devices already supported, desktop windows, and osx (which again raises development costs but only one time); and in that line of thought, other accessories that act as a bonus to the backers without raising the cost of a 'base' model.
matt is right about anthony cherny being right!  imo, even if that bezel were ss, it'd still look better without it.
definitely agree with anthony cherny that the earlier mockups without the plastic "chrome" bezel look much better
@ben1680 and others who worry about the scroll wheel: the currently sold v1 anova has openings on the back for ventilation and a fan inside pushing air around. the prototype for this version has those slits too, see video around minute 5. i don't think they can be avoided. as a result the housing can not be water proof and replacing the scroll wheel would not make a difference.
just a minor point on aesthetics.. that faux-chrome plastic bezel looks a tad cheap. i think some of the earlier mock-ups where the console section was just a flat surface that met the edge of the body directly were a lot more elegant and modern.
+1 for wifi stretch goal.  or maybe touch sensor instead of scroll wheel, to increase product durability?  it is much easier for foreign object to enter the gap on the scroll wheel and possibly ruin the unit...
i agree on added performance over something like wifi.
i would rather have an increased circulation rate to 10-12 liters per minute than having wifi. why choose bells and whistles when you can get performance? well, hoping anyways.
i am totally not getting why people want wifi, i really don't even get bluetooth. after you set the temp, etc.  it's really just a timer.
i agree that wi-if would be a nice option over bluetooth.
still no new stretch goal?
am i the only one who doesn't think that the stainless skirt looks better than the plastic one? i think i preferred the solid colour look. also, it doesn't matter anyhow because that part's sitting under water in a container that i can't see so it's pretty much pointless.  ah well. let's see what, if anything, is next.
wifi will be smashing...hope this will be the goal
in regards to capacity- i have cooked 72hr shortribs in a 70qt igloo cooler and the unit worked without a hitch.  these things are well-engineered.
i have a first generation anova and it is rock solid. i logged on to their website 2 weeks ago intending to buy another and discovered what they are planning so am waiting for the new ones. will the bluetooth for one unit interfere with another if we have more than one unit working simultaneously?  (you probably have thought of that)
stretch goal #3 = wi-fi connection. when i'm cooking sous vide for extended periods i'm only in bluetooth connection range (~33 ft) for a small portion of the cooking time. lets say 48hr short ribs... it would be nice to be able to check in from the office to make sure everything is going fine and to verify that the power hasn't gone out. i built a sous vide rig about 5 years ago but it looks like an evil genius' meat aquarium. i can't wait to play get cooking with this sleek convenient tool. thanks!
i am very very happy to see the stainless stretch goal crossed! wooot! i think added cost is well worth it.
@leopal +1
haha! with my pledge you crossed the line!
yeah! 2nd stretch goal achieved!!!
as low chong mentioned, kickstarter policy does allow for multiple hardware quantity of a reward from now on. will you too? a few more $$ left to reach the next stretch goal! (^_^)
free shipping outside us also on surf and turf pledge as stretchgoal 3?
maybe some kickstarter specific design or perk as stretchgoal #3? replacing the plastic bottomcap with a stainless one?
i know at least two of my foodie coworkers would jump in if wi-fi was a stretch goal, but i'm not holding my breath for that to happen.
once we get the stainless steel skirt, what's the next stretch goal we can have?  we have about 13 days and if the incentive is good, we could get more pledges :p
another $1,300, we will get stainless steel skirt. :d
i converted a cooler and have used my poly science unit in it. works good.
from kickstarter's blog: were any rules removed? yes. many changes were simple housekeeping — clearing out rules that didn’t feel necessary anymore. others open kickstarter up to new kinds of projects, including bath and beauty products and more types of software. and we’re now allowing hardware projects to offer multiple quantities of a reward.
autocorrect error. anova not amica...
kickstarter recently just amend they rules for hardware project. is that mean anova can offer pledge level with more than 2 units of amica precision cooker?
@ispark - or pledge for a surf & turf and use two in a ten gallon container ;)
regarding size: the specs say it can handle a four to five gallon container, which is not small at all, if smaller than the v1.  however, it can probably maintain temperature on a larger container than that if using an insulated container. i wouldn't pledge if your intended application -requires- more than five gallons, but i intend to experiment with size and see how some larger insulated vessels do.
congrats marie-andree poisson !
the pump speed listed as listed is unclear (1-1.2 gpm, 7-8 lpm), as if you convert the gpm to lpm it yields 3.8-4.5 lpm. i'm guessing (based on the 1.0 spec of 12 lpm) that the 7-8 lpm spec is accurate?
ah, just go an $135 early bird :-)
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/trammel/445325235…
10995 circulators ivn
right now more then 9000 backers and 11995 circulators preordered. i don't think you will have any problems loaning for a new manufacturing facility at the bank if needed ;) sure hope you can deliver in time. stretch goal 3? ;)
creator, by now you should probably start to think next scratch goal. :p
hi, will the hacker special be firmware upgradable?
for anyone wanting to use a liquid other than water, you'll have to use a 2nd container. the water heats that 2nd container to your desired temperature. here is an example of people using the anova v.1 to make cheese: http://forums.egullet.org/topic/146066-cheese-making-with-sous-vide-equipment/
@sw, that depend on pot/tank you use.  minimum immersion depth is 2.5 inches / 6.35 cm and pot.tank max capacity is 4-5 gallon 15-19 liters.
how much water will this cooker heat/circulate?
@ruth vasquez, after end of this project, creator will send survey to ask those questions.
not sure if this is mentioned elsewhere or has been asked already, but would it be possible/advisable to use this product with a liquid aside from water (i.e. milk, oil, or stock/broth)? aside from sous vide, the anova seems like it would be a viable tool for poaching, or just bringing certain liquids to temp for any purpose (i.e. preparing milk for yogurt cultures, etc), but i'm curious whether this would have adverse effects on the pump or heating mechanisms.
am a newbie, backed a product only one other time.  am super excited about getting this sous vide cooker!  i think, however, i was much too excited, because i don't recall picking the color nor the voltage of my cooker.  did i miss something, or will that option come later?  oops.
@madalena b ar - this information (bluetooth) will be released in an update.
@susan williams - thanks susan! it will stay at 800 watts. this is a smaller version of our current system, not a replacement.
@marie-andree poisson - we're looking into this! thanks for the heads up.
@damien s - yes, this will be controlled most likely through the app.
@bonnie - it doesn’t have to be vacuum sealed. it is suggested for long cooks in order to keep the oxygen from spoiling the food.
@david lopez - hi david. unfortunately, that is not an option.
pledge if you feel like it's worth it, don't pledge if you don't.  it's about the fairest policy in existence.
concerning vat and customs taxes: will the anova be shipped from usa or it will come from china???both ways all that failed to grab early pledges will have a double penaltie::they will have to pay more for the unit and more for the taxes ....not a fair policie i
bluetooth is a poor connectivity choice, and should be changed to w-fi if possible.
@augustin i believe that anova stated earlier in the comments that if you got two, you could get one of each. what you're thinking of is that the units aren't dual voltage.
@jacqui  once the funding period ends, we'll all get a questionnaire to have us specify color, voltage, etc.
what kind of bluetooth is used in these??
when do you get the details of what colour and voltage unit i would like. i'm very excited at this unit.
would be great if at the surf and turf rewards you could get one cooker in the us voltage and one in  the international voltage. i would like one for when i am in the us and one when i am in europe... could you please reconsider your policy on this... thanks!
early bird iii backer here: love the stainless skirt stretch goal, and happy to see it appears it will be reached. any potential of a power increase as a final stretch? love to see it at least get back to where v1 was.
@creators how come your bio page don't show any link to your mother company anova (http://www.waterbaths.com/). i think it is an interesting credential that should be presented!
@low chung hung. thanks for the "kickstarter is not a store" yawn @todd thanks for the backerkit lecture
hi anova people. i tried to find an answer, so excuse me if this was adressed before... will there be a way to calibrate the thermometer of the precision cooker ? (i heard you could do that with your v1, so was wondering if the v2 had the same option). thank you.
for those new in sous vide cooking, you can visit chefsteps website, they got a free sous vide cooking class. here is the link: https://www.chefsteps.com/classes/sous-vide-cooking#/what-is-sous-vide
@michael - backerkit cost is 1% of your entire kickstarter campaign plus 5% of all backerkit add-on sales.  why do they need backerkit when they're already sitting at $1.4m?  backerkit is great for little campaigns with lots of add-ons, not for selling a buyer a second sous vide and taking a big hit for doing so.  what's so hard about registering a second kickstarter account if you want a second unit?
@michael carr, kickstarter is not a store.  so, their have additional guideline for hardware project. here is kickstarter guideline: https://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/creator+questions#faq_62980 and yes, backers can pledge additional amount and use backerkit to solve the problem.  but remember all those additional amount will subject to charges from kickstarter, amazon and backerkit.  maybe can ask creator to give discount for backers who want to preorder more than 2 units in their website.
@bonnie, 1) air is poor conductor to transfer heat and 2) it’s easy to keep the food underwater.  otherwise, it will float if too many air bubbles
@low chung hung. can't see why kickstarter wouldn't allow it. i've increased pledge on many projects to get more than one item. granted backerkit would cost. but if projects raising 20k + use it. then with 1.4million in pledges so far i would hazard a guess that they cold afford backerkit. just my opinion obviously i may be wrong
@anova - how would a mason jar work if you can't seal all the air out of it? can anybody kindly explain to me why all the air needs to be sealed out of the bag? it's got me curious.
@michael carr, my guess is kickstarter won't allow to create pledge more than 2 units. backerkit cost money.  their also charge creator if creator decide to use backerkit.
@anova. it doesn't concern me. but many people are asking for multiple units. why, like many many other projects do you not allow customers to increase there pledge level to cover as many units as they want to buy. then if you use something like backerkit they can then state what exactly they have pledged for. rather than them having to create more than 1 kickstarter account. that seems like a bit long winded way to get more than 1 item. ?
@chris feulner - you will be able to choose whether you want the temp readout in celsius or fahrenheit. thanks!
hey anova! will it be possible to change the temperature notification on the cooker and the app to celsius?
@martin roy - thanks for the question. yes, it is perfectly fine - no worries about the scroll wheel.
@michael tiefenbach - yes, that is our current system and all of the new units will come with stainless steel skirts.
@semaphore - thanks for the question. they have to be either 110v or 220v, but not one of each.
@ben1680 - thanks ben! that was a prototype of the system and all of these issues and concerns are being modified in the retail unit.
@steve sebban - thanks for the questions, steve - and our apologies for the delay. it can cook up to 20 lbs. of food if it is properly covered and coastered. in order to make 2 separate orders two accounts with two email addresses are required.
@richard lin - we do not have a measurement of the noise, but trust us - it's quiet for an appliance!
@michael lebeau - thanks for the support!
@leonard - for precision temperature control units, it is common for constant reads. if you step out of bt range, it will then switch to an estimated time and still alert you.
@sarah friedlander garcía - hi sarah. the device will support one or the other, but not both.
@martin roy - thanks for the question, martin. this is on our radar, but we do not have a definitive answer yet. all changes will be addressed via updates.
@tjex - thanks! we'll certainly keep this in mind.
@ben1680 - thanks ben. we are keeping all suggestions and comments for reference - all changes will be updated via updates.
@albert brizendine - we're so glad you're on board! the app is still in development and we are keeping all input and suggestions in mind as development progresses.
@nate thompson - thanks for the question. the pledge packages will come exactly as described.
regardless of wifi inclusion, the timer should be able to work independently of the unit within the app. therefore, if someone is not within bluetooth range of the unit they will still be notified when the time is up and their food is ready. also the ability to have it change temperature after a certain amount of time would be a great feature as many have already mentioned. this feature must be able to occur within the unit itself independent of the app in case the phone is not in bluetooth range.
i got the surf and turf, can i get them both in black?
setting stretch goal at 14 times of the original goal is... metal skirting should be defacto at this stage..
@frank pinkston, should be someone switched pledge level to surf and turf or back out.
@kresten helstrup  how did you get a $129 slot when lower prices are all sold out?
@anova i know the question has already been asked a couple of times but i don't think it was answered : is the scroll wheel assembly water/steam/splash proof ?  if not, did you/are you planning to conduct any tests regarding its life expectency considering it is likely that moisture will get in there...
the stainless steel skirts show up though at 6:42 in the video though.
yeah, really seems like the previous gen unit, it has a different clip as well.
out of curiosity, at 5:12 in the main video when some eggs are being lowered into the pot, is that the previous generation unit? it appears to have a steel skirt.
still excited for october and glad so many people are into sous vide!
yay - just got an early bird 129 dollar slot :) really looking forward to get the machine
with the two cookers plege, would i be able to get one of 110v and 220v each? or would they have to be the same type? +1 for celsius mode.
i love the idea of "what other foods can i cook at this temp?"  i've done the meats, but i really need some veggie recipes.
@rica exactly what i was thinking.  if i'm having chicken breast at 140, what sides can i toss in the bath with it for a really easy meal? and i've seen too many people that already think sous vide is hazardous.  wouldn't want to spread recipes that don't hit pasteurization temps/times, at least without a warning that "this may not pasteurize your food.  consider adjusting the recipe according to the charts..."
@rica i think other than unsafe (e.g. obvious ones such as below pasteurization temp for > 4 hours), there needs to be a warning for unpasteurized foods as well such as salmon mi-cuit. +1 to metric/imperial measurement conversion. it will be very handy.
@ispark - i think the "things that cook at the same temperature" model will be really useful in terms of cooking a whole meal sous vide and not just the main protein. the ability to set multiple timers (and this function being built into the recipe) would be crucial of course. interesting point about being able to report unsafe recipes, i hadn't thought of that! @ bonnie - i'm sure there will be a lot of recipe innovation happening on release! the fun part will be finding a way to build a community around that - to be able to share recipes that use the unique functions of the anova in context, rather than hunting blogs and group recipe sites that aren't sous vide focused. looking forward to seeing what apps people cook up between now and october :)
@anova is the scroll wheel on the device water-proof? would liquid get into it and cause it to malfunction?
@stacey chow - haha. it's a little stock music number by twisterium - http://www.twisterium.com.
@bonnie thielemann - you can use the “water method” place the food into  a ziplock bag and slowly place the bag into water partially closed while holding the opening above the water. once the bag is emerged to the “zipper” go ahead and seal completely. the pressure from the water should push all the air out of the bag. or you can use a mason jar.
ummm, a bit off topic but what is the music/song from the steel skirt stretch goal #2  video?
instead of arguing over wifi inclusion or not. why not just ensure that this app works with all those home automation devices that are out in the market that uses bluetooth to communicate. there are a ton of them and if this is capable with all of them, it will be awesome. in the end the idea is to fully automate as many things in the home but without having to keep switching from one app to another
@rica i'm sure there would be a lot of interest in such an app/site.  like all good recipe sharing sites, you'd want reviews, variations, ingredient searches, recipe conversion 'serving count' conversion, nutrition information, and saved 'menus' and 'favorites'.  shopping lists are good too. one thing i think would be neat for a sous vide recipe site is a search by 'things that cook at the same temperature'. you'd also want reference charts for safe pasteurization times & temps for various foods so people could doublecheck whether they're looking at a safe recipe...  "hold the chicken breast at 110 degrees fahrenheit for one hour..."  and you might want a 'report this recipe as unsafe' that if it were pushed enough times would get doublechecked by someone who could modify or remove the recipe or at least put a warning on it.  or possibly automatically put a warning on it after a threshhold has been reached.
@chuck mays - thanks for the support, chuck. those are great ideas!
@todd meyers - thanks for the support, todd!
@c how yes. the hacker's special will have the stainless steel skirt.
@latoya baker-mathews - glad you like it! thanks for the feedback.
yay!!! way to go @anova! love, love, loving the stainless steel stretch goal!!!!  love it!!!
cor: "vacuum sealing is not necessary."
small quibble with the previous comment, sealing is not necessary.  "smooshing all the air out" of a ziploc bag is not the same as vacuum sealing, and the pressure of the water doesn't create a vacuum.  the goal simply is to remove as much air as possible from the bag.
@bonnie - vacuum sealing is necessary, but a vacuum sealer is not. when you go to use a ziplock bag, you zip it most of the way shut and lower the bag almost fully into the water (being careful to leave the part you didn't zip shut out of the water). the pressure of the water will effectively vacuum seal the bag for you, by smooshing all the air out. once you've got as much of the air out as possibe, you finish zipping the bag. it's a very cost effective way of doing (essentially) what a chamber vacuum sealer does.
loving the new stretch goal! what i'd really like to see is durable, reusable bags. or compostable bags that will hold up during cooking time that i can then throw into the compost bin instead of the garbage. one question about bagging the food... in the video it said vacuum sealing wasn't necessary, but should you "smoosh" most of the air out of the ziplock bag or does it not matter at all?
@anova if stretch goal #2 is reached, will the first unit from the hackers special (eta august) have all stainless skirt as well?
@rica - i would! the recipes aspect especially. i've never cooked this way before so i don't know what i'll be doing yet...
@low chong thanks!
@anova, thank you for a great stretch goal. just wondering, will the led character display looks like the one in the picture, or it will be refined further?  if it won't cause any production delay, can you improve the following: - temperature led is different in brightness compared to the time led. it makes the impression that it is not well engineered product. - can you make the led display top windows seamless?  at the moment it looks a bit less refined with 2 rectangle border clearly shown.
@steve sebban, for q1, from the spec of anova, the answer depend on the size of pot or tank you use.  anova has tank capacity of 4-5 gallon 15-19 liters.  so, for example, cook 4 steaks for 4 person should be fine. for q2, i think you need to create 2nd kickstarter account.
hello anova, i have sent you two messages already and haven't got any answer yet. (the first one was four days ago) i'm asking here in hope to get them but i have to say that i feel much less confident to back you up now. anyway, here's my questions: 1. what is the largest meal i can cook with the cooker? 2 peoples, 4 peoples or even more? 2. i'm a "surf & turf ii" backer, if i want to pledge for additional cookers, should i raise my pledge by $159 for one and $239 for two or is there another option? thanks!
to be honest i like the all black look. but i'll trade design for durability and functionality all day. i hope we reach 1.5 mark.
looking to gauge interest in a social/recipe sharing and rating app with built in time and temp. who would be down for that? what kind of features would you want to see?
> "the people insisting that adding wifi is a must and wouldn't cost much are woefully uninformed. bluetooth is a point-to-point protocol between the two devices. for wifi to be useful it would need infrastructure in the cloud " lol, the "infrastructure" it needs for full wifi benefits is the router in your home. that said, it would require more computational resources on the device so it's understandable that anova designed it as a peripheral rather than platform. frankly at this point the physical design seems pretty set so what we can hope for is a full get and set interface/api on the sw side so the nerdlingers can make an advanced app for advanced users. an internal scheduler (independent of controlling device, which can just use it own cpu for programming) would be nice and likely feasible, though, since it's just a bit of programming.
can't believe it, but i've convinced myself to up my pledge to a surf & turf. to whomever gets my early bird 2 pledge that i managed to ninja when someone else changed their pledge, i salute you!!!
@clay, you may have won the record for the most straw man arguments in a single post.  raspberry pi is a better point of comparison than any of the products you mentioned.  wi-fi does not depend on some mythical cloud infrastructure.  period.  devices like slingbox, plex, subsonic, bbq guru, etc. just need a upnp router/port forwarding, plain and simple. by the way, folks, the stainless steel skirt apparently still has a plastic base, for whatever that's worth.  doesn't bother me because i was fine with a polycarbonate skirt in the first place.
the people insisting that adding wifi is a must and wouldn't cost much are woefully uninformed. bluetooth is a point-to-point protocol between the two devices. for wifi to be useful it would need infrastructure in the cloud to act as a bridge between the anova and a mobile device. this is a major sticking point for lots of "internet of things" producers. take the example of chumby. the device was $100 and didn't function without an internet connection. at the time chumby industries was dismantled, the company had no money due to the $5500/mo. hosting costs (source: http://forum.chumby.com/viewtopic.php…). next is berg cloud's $200 receipt printer, little printer (http://us-shop.bergcloud.com/). so far they're still in business but the $200 price-point required to help pay for a cloud service is pricey for a receipt printer. finally, two of google's assets: chromecast and nest thermostat. the chromecast is $35 but it's also a gateway to google's ecosystem. google pays for their infrastructure by tracking your habits to improve ads that advertisers will pay more for. there have been recent rumblings that data from nest thermostats will be used for the same purposes. with all that in mind, which business model would people prefer anova adopt to support wifi? 1. a $169 device that could turn into a paperweight when the funds for cloud hosting dry up. 2. a $700 device to cover cloud hosting costs in perpetuity. 3. a $169 device with ads that tracks behavior so data can be sold off to advertisers. 4. a monthly subscription fee for a $169 (or less) device. 5. a cloud-free version that requires the mobile device and anova be on the same network. not much use when away from home or on major wireless installations. i personally will take the bluetooth and accompanying peace of mind knowing that my anova will continue working without an internet connection and someone ensuring the cloud stays up.
the ss skirt is a great add on.   ss is much more durable and way easier to clean than any type of plastic.  i fully support this stretch goal.   i am in agreement with the people that think the wifi module be way more useful than bt. i'd skip the bt module all together and replace it with a wifi module that can be accessed anywhere with an internet connection and a smart phone.  hopefully this makes it into this product.
does anyone know how loud this thing can get while cooking? there must be some noise from the pump. has anova done any measurement on it?
did anova just add two new pledge levels (one at $159 and one $169) for 5,000 more units?  that's pretty ambitious!
well, i applaud anova for the ss skirt stretch goal.  that said, the fact that they're raising the retail price $10 to cover the expense is worth noting for wi-fi fans.  the cost of adding a wi-fi module in place of bluetooth is certainly less than $10, and anova used their firepower elsewhere (which is fine, it's their product and their decision).  this is probably the proverbial nail in the coffin for anyone holding out hope that wi-fi might be in the works for v2.
there are more interesting add ons that people could be dreaming up and clamouring for instead of wifi.  i'd like to have external thermometer port to read the internal temperature of the food.  i'd love to have that data available when testing a recipe. as for confit or brewing it would probably be best to build up a double boiler style contraption. temperature control the water, and the inner chamber will follow (with a little lag, see request for extra thermocouple).  i'm going to try this with chocolate.
@kenneth - it shouldn't be touching the pot - it attaches to the side of the pot but the skirt itself wouldn't be touching the pot sides at all. just sitting in the water.
the stainless steel skirt sounds like a great option, but i'm sure a concern for many people might be aluminum or non-stick cookware that isn't compatible with steel utensils.  any plans to make something like a silicone shroud or protector to avoid scratches? personally i'm probably going to run it inside of a cooler to maintain thermal efficiency, but it'd be nice to be able to stick it one of my many aluminum pots and not worry about it.
woot i have to say i like the stainless stretch goal.  i would have bought one anyway.  to bad you don't add another backing tier. maybe i will have to create another account and buy another 2.   but my surf and turf 1 are all sold out.
impressive @anova. well beyond what any of us had a right to expect. thank you!
instead of adding hardware features, why not make stretch goals of pdf cook books, etc. :) i'd love sous vide friendly recipes. :)
i think some people may not understand that the 'notification' of completion is based on the safe approximation of time given the thickness of the food being cooked, i.e. the time to core.  the software is the one that has to this calculation because in addition to 'time to complete cook' there is the other factor that might come into play and that's time to pasteurization.
if you're talking about the 'risks and challenges' section, that's clearly talking about the app, not the hardware, thus how they say they might ship the initial hardware without the app, if it's not finished.
david tsang - as of the start of the kickstarter, the bluetooth implementation (as per the description) was only at a conceptual stage. while anova obviously do have some experience working with bluetooth, the added time required to implement wifi would surely be far less than if they had already designed the system fully around bluetooth.
from my own perspective david is right on the money. what i hope is anova stick as close as reasonable to the schedule, and anything they throw in is a nice to have. it would also be a value to both sides if we backers received a special discount on the next version of the product. yes i know not everyone will be interested in that, perhaps i will fall into that category too. we all knew what we were getting when we signed up, if you didn't don't complain - you're not shopping at mall.
while wifi would be a nice feature, i hope those that are demanding it understand that such feature changes could result in lengthy product delays. the trade-off isn't only between the feature sets of wifi vs bluetooth, there's also the huge time cost of redesign and production changes. i think a lot more people would be unreasonably angry over a long delay than over the lack of (the never promised) wifi. too many kickstarters fall into the trap of over-promising stretch goals that don't have much return on investment and that end up hurting their schedule and their bottom line.
@todd - i agree with lspark - you, todd, are being completely reasonable. you have answered questions as to why it would be useful and i thank you for that. lspark's reference to the whining is also definitely accurate. the stretch goals were somewhat lackluster, yes, but i'm not sure what more could be offered in a product that is essentially complete. people that have backed this, knowing exactly what they're getting, and then complaining that they're not getting what they want...it's incongruous. i'm really hoping for programmable settings in the app. what i'm thinking would address your issue regarding "plans changing." i foresee an app that goes something like this: step 1: heat to 142 step 2: maintain that temp for one hour step 3: drop temp to holding temp (e.g. 130) that way, your eggs are cooked for one hour but the texture of the yolk isn't changed by holding that temp for an extended period. (i don't know enough about other proteins to be concerned about extended times at a certain temp because chicken, steak, etc just will not be overcooked by cooking to desired temp and holding at that temp unless for a very long time, in which case, you're doing it wrong anyhow) i assume that, at a minimum, this will come via a developer by use of the sdk.
@leonard, we have found common ground!  if the anova can be pre-programmed to drop to a holding temperature at/after a certain time, that's certainly what i'll do.  i still would love the assurance of remote notifications for my own peace-of-mind.  i have enough tablet devices at my disposal that i can leave one at home, paired to the anova, if someone builds the app that can do everything we might all be wishing for.
@todd - haha! we see eye to eye! read my comment from may 13: will it have the ability to change temperature after a certain preset period of time? two examples:  cook two hours at 65c then drop to 55c holding temperature after that.  tenderize at 45c for three hours then raise to 55c cooking temperature after that. the ability to preset temperature changes could be one of the great advantages over the "dumb" sv devices.
i think the people complaining that anova owes them something are reacting more to the lackluster stretch goals, not the lack of wi-fi.  as i said, i pledged knowing what i was getting, and i'm still in.  i'm quite happily using my sansaire, which is about as basic a device as you can get.  i just know what i'd like to see in anova v3.  i don't need refrigeration, i'd just like to be able to lower the temp on my sous vide when i'm not at home and my plans have changed unexpectedly.  wi-fi capability would hardly cost more than bluetooth, but at this stage it would likely delay the project, and i get why they don't want to do it.
todd, no one has said wifi doesn't have a few uses.  what it doesn't have is much meaningful use in this model. in order for wifi to be any more meaningful than a temperature/disruption log, or notifications on your phone based on time rather than communication with the circulator, you more or less need the refrigeration - which mellow has.  mellow also has a very large form factor for storage purposes and a very small, limited capacity vessel for actually cooking, and a way higher price point - all reasons why when i saw it earlier this month, i went "eh."  it might be fine for some people, but i'd rather have the flexibility of any pot i chose and the circulator sitting right next to my immersion blender. mostly, no one's saying "wifi is terrible why would you want it?!"  they're responding to the accusations of !greed! because anova isn't giving them more than they originally promised because they totally deserve more because other people backed too.  especially given that the intro video makes it clear hardware design is completed and anova has a pretty ambitious delivery schedule - i can't see how they'd possibly make that if they started redesigning everything anyhow. there's been a lot - not necessarily from you - but a lot of entitled whining and accusations of how anova is totally ripping them off by giving them exactly what they said they were going to get, and this before the kickstarter even ends and while pledges can be canceled!  it's not 'wifi would be useful' but rather 'you owe me wifi, and at the same pricepoint as without it!' that people are referring to here. at any rate, consider the dissenting voices to be less "you shouldn't like wifi" and more votes in favor of "people complaining that anova is somehow cheating them by not giving wifi do not speak for me."
i won't say that i specifically don't want wifi, but its pretty low on my priority list and i don't see much of how it would help in almost all my usages.  comparisons to devices costing $300-$400 is a bit extreme.  for that much money i would expect more features obviously, but personally i'd rather a less expensive device without wifi over a more expensive one with it. my ranking of features would be something like this: 1. lower price: i'm actually pretty happy with my current pledge level, but i'm not sure about the msrp. 2. more powerful heater.  reaching set temp faster is always better. 3. faster pump. 4. multi step instructions. i.e. 163 for 1 hour then auto switch to 130. 5. multiple fluid certified.  if i want to do a confit, i'd like that to not void my warranty.  similarly, if i could use this as part of a rims setup for brewing that would be nice.  not going to happen i know, but still. 6. fancier connectivity.  wifi, voice recognition, programable presets, etc.  i don't know that i'd use any of these currently, but i can see how they might be good.  i'd just rather not have them at the expense of any of my other priorities. a few other simple feature requests:  i would like some way to calibrate the thermometer.  i've got a thermopen and i care what the water temp is close to my food, regardless of what the built in thermometer says.  second, i'd like to be able to see power output/duty cycle/whatever of the device.  it would be useful to know if at 3 gallons of water in a particular container if its taking 50% power to hold temp vs 80% power vs 25% power.
alexander, it's $400.  with all the extra features, i would agree there's no comparison.  just pointing out that wi-fi is a legitimate feature request.  leave the house, planning to be home at a certain time and suddenly you've been delayed...the football game is in overtime, your daughter's talent show is running an hour longer than you'd expected...just open the app and tell your anova to drop to 145, no worries.  we can all do this with our dvrs, this is really not a difficult concept to grasp, is it?  i get folks saying they might not use it, but some of you act as if it's a ridiculous thing.  regardless, the hardware required to implement it is cheap and others are doing it...it's only a matter of time.  i'm not arguing with anova to implement it; i'm being asked by some of you to justify why i even want it.  i've said my peace, it's not going to happen in this v2 product, and i'm still on board.  i'll just be working on a raspberry pi wi-fi-bluetooth bridge add-on project.  :)
@todd your alternative is 3-4 times as expensive as this unit, so no comparison.
one thing that would be impossible without wifi is however to bring the temperature down to hold the food warm for more sensitive proteins. if you are out of bt range, the app will not be able to tell the cooker to lower the temp.
i would concur with leonard, with a bbq i assume you'd need to manually control the temperature somewhat, and potentially remove the food from the bbq once you've reached x temp for y minutes. the 2 things mellow seems to use wifi for is manual control of the machine and delayed start.
@aaron, regarding wifi-configuration of the anova device: you could just do it from the bluetooth app, and enter your wifi-password and/or 802.1x credentials through that ;-)
@todd -granted; with refrigeration, wifi makes a lot of sense! without refrigeration i just don't see any real compelling reason for wifi over bluetooth. to be able to program pre-set temperature changes, however, could be useful for more advanced users. i would much rather see automation than (manual) wifi. should anova decide to opt for wifi - great!
may as well put this out there as well: "by preordering a unit, you’ll join a community helping to choose what to prioritize, what to change, and be the first to test our work."  different project, designer, timeline, etc., but wonderful philosophy.
test = rest spell check fail.
i've tried hard not to mention competitors, but you guys who think the test of us are wrong because you don't see the benefits of wifi...check out mellow (www.cookmellow.com).  that is the most exciting sous vide product i've seen, with wi-fi and remote control from anywhere you've got internet...plus refrigeration and a whole host of other unique features.  it's also more expensive, so you get what you pay for.  to some it'll be worth it, to others obviously it won't be.  if you don't think you'd appreciate wi-fi, i respect that, just consider extending the same courtesy to those who would appreciate wi-fi.  ultimately it can only make a good product better, as there's certainly no downside to including wi-fi.
i truly cannot believe how mental your all being over wifi. (but i want to soak chicken @ room temp all day then cook it as i'm on my way home) you don't have a wifi oven or hob do you? this device does not need wifi stop being buffs.
@ jun - thank you for explaining why wifi might be useful. here are my comments: what you are really asking for is a disruption log: for how long did the power outage last and to what temperature did the water drop. granted; a disruption notification on the phone would be nice. after three years of cooking sv disruptions have only occurred due to human error in the house where i live :-) if power disruptions are a big problem in your area, what you need is a high capacity upc or diesel generator, not wifi. --- if you pop what you are cooking into the water before the water has reached temp the simulation is, anyway, going to be highly complex! you need exact shape, exact thickness, exact starting temperature of what you are cooking, the effect of gradually rising water temperature. (anova has promised simulation of time to reach set water temperature.) in this scenario i cannot see the value of wifi transmission of the rising water temperature for the simulation! the only real solution is to use a probe. maybe you can find one with wifi. i still don't see much value in wifi. what am i missing?  anyone?
@ todd - why would wifi on bbq guru be useful if all the relevant variables were ultra stabile and precise and without a reading of the internal temperature of what you are cooking? under such conditions i cannot really see much value in wifi.
@jun, i've won awards at the top bbq contests in the world (american royal, jack daniels), so my bbq is pretty precise.  it would just be nice to have the same level of precision and control in a sous vide cooker.
@todd meyers i wouldn't disagree that the addition of wifi would be the holy grail, or that v3 would most likely get wifi support if it doesn't make it in this addition. they did say no connectivity in v1, perhaps to ensure that there are least amount of complications, as more components means that there's a bigger chance of delay (e.g. they need to source the new wifi components, make sure it arrives on time and passes qc), but you knew that already of course :) i've only smoked meat in a bbq once before, but i'm going to hazard that sous vide is much more precise and less likely to be as sensitive to being overcooked for most meals. plus by definition a precision cooker would make sure your temps are spot on. i am however secretly hoping for wifi, but won't hold my breath. p/s: if you provide enough examples of why wifi would add significant utility perhaps that might help convince anova, failing that i'm sure the app developers would be happy to help build a bt -> wifi bridge.
@michael, yes i would say making sure it is on is my primary concern, but there are other applications.  if you want to know what more is possible, look up devices such as bbq guru or wifi stoker.  the cooking methods are different, but bbq and sous vide share a "low and slow" approach, and i use some of the same tools for both.  i'm sure most of you would be just as hard-pressed to understand why anyone would want to remotely control a bbq smoker, and i don't need to try and convince you that some of us do, but we do.  armed with that experience, i would love to have the same capabilities in a sous vide device.  wifi and an open sdk is really the holy grail, and we'll probably get that from anova in their next kickstarter project.
hi. i've backed your project but just a thought, having 2 different options for different colours is sad especially since the black is clearly the preferred colour and it's all out!!! and you still have 20 more days to go. please remove the colour option from the backing and allow us to just purchase individually as many units as we want and then indicate post project survey which colours we want. some of us may want 2 blacks or 2 whites instead of 1 black 1 white.  either that or bring back more black. pls!
@leonard some areas actually have unstable power and brown outs, the phone could attempt to restart the heating if x amount of time has passed. i'm sure you could get notifications based on a timer, but if you are able to set a cook & hold program it could notify you when it is done. this could vary based on the time it takes to heat the water up to temperature. e.g. 15 minutes to heat up to 60c, and another 45 minutes to cook. instead of being notified at 45 minutes and getting undercooked eggs, you get a push notification at an hour! i personally do not think it's a major deal at the moment, but opening a communications channel have known to allow previously unthought of things to work (like the internet!)
could someone please answer these questions? 1. why is it important and valuable to monitor a static read out of a device that - by design - holds a constant temperature??? 2. why do you have to be within bt range of the device to get notified? is it not just a plain and simple timer? i predict that no one will answer my questions but that the call for wifi is going to stay just as strong. :-)
@todd - is it just that you want to make sure it's still on? otherwise, what will wifi tell you? (this is a legit question - i'm not being inflammatory) sv, for me, has been pretty much "set and forget"...turn it on, walk away, leave it alone (check on it every now and then if i'm around the house but otherwise, just assume it's going according to plan)
with a good sdk, even if anova doesn't listen to those wanting wifi, i'm sure someone will make a 'bridge'
if you've ever cooked a 72hr sous vide brisket, or started a cook before going to work, you'd appreciate why wifi notifications are great to have.  i'm a competitive bbqer, and wifi notifications provide much-needed peace of mind when you're away from the cooksite.  any technology that requires me to stay within feet of my cooker is of dubious value.
i'm not too worried about the bluetooth over wifi, since i find that my bluetooth keyboards can maintain contact with my computers from anywhere in my house (which is average sized, not a tiny box). i don't really care about notifications outside of my house and yard; presumably i'm nearby when it's time to eat! looks like a great bit of industrial design to me, anova -- i like the look of it a lot. looking forward to confirming that it works as good as it looks. i will agree with the comments further down that i'm not super excited that my double-device pledge requires me to get a white one; i too am a kitchen gear colour snob. would rather have more colour choices, or just get two black ones.
how will the 120/220v work?  is it possible that it will just be one device that will support both?
aaron — the electric imp uses a photo transistor (a few cents) to receive the wifi configuration. the screen on the smart phone flashes white/black for about 10 seconds in a morse code like fashion. it's simple to implement. &yes, the product is fabulous without wifi, but far more future oriented with.
app developers should consider the ability to control more than one device at a time. just a thought.
@anova, is the scroll wheel assembly water/steamproof? also, as a suggestion, wouldn't be possible for you to replace the scroll wheel and display leds with rgb ones and make them controllable through the app/sdk?  that way, they could be used for notifications, i.e., water is heating, it has reached the temperature, etc...
personally, i would love to see the ability to update the firmware. i had to send the v1 unit in for an update, and now with the v2 which has the ability to connect a device to it, i think it's even more important. to add functionality to the apk, to address potential software bugs, etc...
@aaron: chromecast is one example.  it uses a temporary ad hoc network, and you configure it with a smartphone app.  brilliant little $35 device for all that it does.
in reply to my comment below. i suppose there are other ways of connecting to wifi than typing in a password like one would do on a cellphone, smart tv or game console, but i honestly have no idea how difficult or easy those are to make them work.
i can't speak to the wifi vs bluetooth issues at all, but i don't think that bluetooth is the reason why this project has raised 1267% of its goal. i think the big selling point of this project is the price point. when i saw that there was a sous vide ciruculator available for $100, i couldn't get to kickstarter fast enough. the $99 founders club sold out within a few hours and the cheaper options didn't take much more than about a day or two to sell out. i think this is similar to when the amazon kindle first came out. it was a highly priced gadget that nobody thought would catch on but a success it became once it reached a certain price point that people thought was acceptable. i'm not saying that there'll be a sous vide circulator in every kitchen in a few years, but i do think there is a certain price point where it will become more than just a niche product. is that $100? $150? who knows? one question for the proponents of wifi being integrated into anova v2. how would you expect to get the anova onto the wifi network if it did have wifi? i don't see any way to even enter a wifi password onto the anova without some kind of major interface/hardware redesign and that doesn't even count the various options you can manually configure on most wifi devices.  i'm not about to remove the password from my wifi network (or open up a guest network without security) just so i can connect my anova to it (and even then, you'd have to have some way to tell it what network to use).
i'm assuming that anova has done the necessary engineering for the parts they're planning on using.  they generally are known for quality products that last.  yes, a wifi circuit could certainly meet their quality control standards and be designed and protected to work in a high moisture environment every bit as much as the bluetooth they're using.  the point is: it's not going to be the super cheap circuit made for less harmful environments that might be used in a networked toilet paper holder or whatever (and i could use one of those!)  i am also presuming they've more or less finalized the design and any changes are unlikely, at least without significantly bumping the timeline, since they'd have to redo a lot of testing. i can see a few advantages to wifi, but not enough to be worth flounces, especially since anova never suggested it might have wifi.  (if anova had promised wifi and then retracted it, i'd be annoyed too.)  generally speaking sous vide is 'fire and forget' and i can't eat food over wifi, so i still have to plan for it to be done when i'm home, and without cooling, i can't leave it sitting out too long when i leave. i can also see disadvantages, mostly security based.  and, as has been noted, presumably someone can write a bridge for desktop computers that remains stationary, getting you the advantages if you need them. that said, if you're sure you could do it better, build a prototype, test it, and create a kickstarter.  that's what the site's for!
@todd meyers +1.  with or without wifi or bluetooth is not the factors i will consider when i purchase this.  of course, if got, is added value but not decisive factor.
would have been nice to have wifi, bluetooth to me is useless since it only covers a few meters. i would rather check the device itself in this case. anyway this is fine with me since it's one of the cheapest sou vide product out there. an upgrade to stainless skirt as stretch goal would have sweeten the deal.
let's remember that it's still a great product, with or without wifi.  heck, they'd probably be sitting on $1.2m even without bluetooth.  they are going to sell a ton of v2 units, just like they did with v1, just like i'm sure they'll do with v3 (which i'm absolutely convinced will have wifi, and i keep thinking maybe i should just hold out until that happens).
@lspark about the longevity, how about their current location of scroll wheel, which potentially will be constantly exposed to possible water vapor (however small the amount is)? this has potential to wear out sooner than wifi or bluetooth chip. agree with @todd below, wifi chip (at it worst) will be comparable to the bluetooth module in term of environmental condition. i believe it all come down to price. sadly anova feels there is no need to upgrade to wifi since they already have 12 times the original goal. it will be different story if all they've get so far is $1000. they might be forced to cancel their campaign and/or improved on their offering.
@ispark, do you really think whatever cheap off-the-shelf bluetooth module anova plans on using is better equipped to handle the environmental conditions than a comparably-cheap off-the-shelf wifi module?  i'm a systems engineer who evaluates hardware for a living, and i think you're swinging a bit wild on that one. wifi would allow you leave the house and still control all of the things that bluetooth requires you to stay tethered several feet from your anova to do.  might not be important to you, but how can you fail to see the advantages of wifi over bluetooth?  that's kind of the holy grail, really.
i'm sorry, i fail to see that hype especially with regards to wifi.  i saw a lot of people amping -themselves- up about what they expected. if you were a windows phone user (i'm not) i suspect that would be a significant goal, as well.  lots of software projects have, say, linux or mac stretch goals, so i fail to see what's strange about that.
@ispark: i think you are missing the point. the point is not wi-fi or not, the  point is that the announced stretch goals does not correspond to the hype built up by anova beforehand, so it is not just a question of people expecting free stuff.
in general i like the new design. two things bother me though: - the metal ring on top looks like it will be a fingerprint magnet and will be easily scratched (watch the kickstarter video @ 5:16 and 6:36 too see what i mean). i would prefer a brushed stainless steel metal ring. - the temperature slide wheel is illuminated by a blue (or very cold white) led. that makes the device look a bit gimmicky imo. white (with a neutral color temperature) would make it look more professional imo. maybe in v3 there'll be an rgb led and the user can change the color with his smartphone.
inserting missing middle of sentence: *than a few more bells and whistles and a dead device after a few hours use...
i'm just going to note for all the armchair engineers out there that a sous-vide circulator like this has to be constantly exposed to steam while in use.  condensation is also going to be relevant.  i suspect your cheap off the shelf third party wifi module is not up to the standards a company used to producing lab equipment would require for a device with the environmental challenges this project will face. i'd rather have a quality device without all the bells and whistles than a few more bells and whistles, and more to the point, i didn't back the project in the expectation of getting wifi.  apparently some people did.
heads up guys, my early bird iii spot is up for grabs.  :)
none of us outside of the project can answer the profitability, but wifi modules are fairly inexpensive and marginally more expensive than bluetooth.  it's probably $2-3 difference, multiply that across 10k units and i'm sure anova sees no need to make it happen on this project when they can sell us all the product we've been asking for on the next go around as v3.
low: the electric imp module is highly integrated — with one chip it handles all the logic for device control & connectivity. it replaces the need bluetooth radio & separate micro controller. for the anova use case, adapting their hardware to it is likely a one or two day task. rewriting the firmware is another day or two. cost wise, i can't see it adding more than $5. another major advantage to the platform is that firmware updates can be 'pushed' to the device. bluetooth is really a poor choice for a mains powered, connected, 'internet thing'. for anyone else out there building or making, give the platform a look. electricimp.com (not a paid shill — just really impressed with the completeness and price point of their hardware & software stack).
at the current price point do you think adding wifi is good idea/profitable since it is already inclusive of shipping fee (exclude those pledged for 2 units)?
i hate to admit it, but i sort of agree.  wifi has been such a popular request, and bluetooth is just not that exciting.  i would be shocked if we don't see an anova v3 with wifi kickstarter project appear in a few months.
+1 @cody, @matias, and @seabell. announced stretch goal are meh. i think anova didn't feel the need to give us more, since they already reach more than 1200% of their original goal. hence disregard of our request such as wifi (electricimp platform), which are very easy to integrate. another thing, maybe they are afraid of running out of idea (and chance to sell another product) for future iteration?
disappointing. for what is basically a four month cash advance of a sum thirteen times greater than target, this is an incredibly weak 'stretch goal'. as a full-price paying owner of the last version, i'll be pulling out of this if anova can't do better. is mr. wu so cynical that he thinks we 'need' his product that much? there has been a justified investor request for wifi capability and other genuinely useful enhancements that represent a major part of what kickstarter is about, but anova seem to think we are sycophantic enough to be happy with a virtually insignificant windows port that offers a big fat nothing to those apple/android-using backers that have already committed. as for the dubious 'time to temp' and 'dinner's ready' 'features', aren't these simple algorithms free for anyone to develop via the sdk? come on jeff, we know you can do much better than that!
i was hoping for free stainless skirts for the stretch goal.  but at least they are throwing more development into the unit.  anything extra is good.
besides the window's phone accessibility, it's curious that the main feature of the stretch goal - time to temp - is something that you would think would be already able to be calculated using the sdk and a bit of mathematics anyway.
@albert brizendine have a look at the sousvide dash app that is unfortunately only available for ios. it does all of what you're looking for and more. now if we could have something like this for the anova and on android, i'll be one happy camper!
i'm glad i got in on this as a founder. i own the original unit and love it. regarding software, is there anything that you can plug in variables like the type of meat and thickness of the portion and result in times and temperature suggestions? i am constantly looking at charts and stuff. since this will be working with my iphone, it would be nice to have such a program on it as well. the apps i found in the app store don't have great comments and perhaps i was missing one.
color is a pretty big deal. my wife isn't going to go for a white appliance in our kitchen. black is great, but red, slate, orange (not too bright), some kind of blue, etc. all those would be great. so does that mean if i surf in turf, i could choose two black ones (or other optional color)? or is it set at one white and one black?
i have a feeling that people are underestimating the importance of kickstarter. anova has managed to sell the promise (kickstarter is not a store, remember) of ~8,000 units (i am supplying the cash for 2 of them) worth over one and a quarter million dollars. we have essentially eliminated their financial risk in this project. to then talk about "gift horses" is shamefully naive. anova is a business, and therefore intended to make money. i wish them the best of luck with that and i have absolutely no problem with skillful innovators making good money. what i have a hard time swallowing is that one of the most oversubscribed projects in kickstarter history first builds up a huge suspense over their great stretch goals to then reveal a few software features with, honestly speaking, limited usefulness. i will continue to be a backer, but the goodwill of anova took a bad hit in my book.
@nate thompson, how important is the color? would you want to see more color options?
thanks for the love, @nate thompson. the surf and turf units are sold as a set. however, we'll be sending out a questionnaire at the end of the campaign that deals specifically with color preferences.
considering upping my pledge from one unit to two units, but really don't want a white one. can i get both in black at the surf and turf level? oh and being a windows phone owner, i'm loving the stretch goal!
@martin roy - i was chatting with someone who reminded me that, usually, stretch goals aren't intended to be major hardware mods (like wifi or metal skirts would be) but rather small incentives as bonuses to reward the backers due to success. at the end of the day, @anova isn't required to have any stretch goals. we've already bought because we were, theoretically, happy enough with what was being offered. that being said, stretch goals can also be a good way of attracting new backers if the incentive is good enough. so some significant improvements could also be announced as stretch goals...? i would expect not, as that would mostly require re-working significant aspects of the product which then outpaces the idea behind getting the extra funding. no one wants to wait 6 months for them re-work something.
in the time since this kickstarter went live, and the desire for wifi was clear, ya'll could have finished a quick redev using the electricimp platform. it's truly dead simple to develop for and is used by a number of crowd funded projects including the rachio irrigation system, lockitron, the mellow cooker, &others. additionally, it allows for the device firmware itself to be updated remotely which is useful in speeding time to market.
thanks for the interest in the stainless steel skirt! we'll provide more details on this topic soon! we're hopeful that people with windows phones appreciate this update. we were surprised at the number of backers that have windows phones. we do believe there are some interesting use cases for push notifications. and, obviously we also feel the time-to-temp projection is useful. we're really grateful for the feedback!
@michael lebeau i have the same feeling regarding the stretch goals.  i would have expected something like hardware upgrades.  software features can always be added later so not much of an incentive to me.  i would also be curious about the number of backers using windows phones...
@anova how much will the metal skirt cost? interested since i'll need two.
@brian and @ben1680 - as anova has noted, the previous unit is still available at a higher price. this unit is meant to be cheaper (so lower wattage and the metal skirt will be an additional cost). now, about these stretch goals...i'm a big supporter of this project (founder and surf & turf i) and a believer in the company but i'm not a fan of these stretch goals. i don't feel that they reflect the feedback that you've been getting (at least in these comments). the time to temperature thing is kind of neat; however, any savvy sous-vider already starts with the water at temp or close to. the push notifications are pointless. isn't your food ready after the amount of time you've projected it to be ready? also, given that you aren't going with wifi and are limiting it to bluetooth, it's a push notification for something that's at most a few metres away. it just seems a bit unnecessary and not much incentive. maybe i'm missing something so please feel free to prove me wrong. i just feel that given the love and support of this project by the backers, these stretch goals are...less than what most of us would have hoped for. that being said, i also recognize that anova has no obligation to provide units at reduced rates in the way that they've done, so there's a bit of "looking a gift horse in the mouth" to the above comments. but it's a two-way street because it's a situation of backers there to get a project going.
thanks to whomever un-pledged the $145 level. just saved me $14 ;). i certainly hope you changed your pledge to the double-pack, because this is worth it.
+1 brian olsen hope the stretch goal is worth the suspense.  also hope they are still reasonable in amount as well, since anova really are taking their time in announcing any possible stretch goal...
having met 1200% of the goal i hope the wattage can be increased to match the previous unit and a metal skirt added. yeah!
@ tjex - we will be addressing the skirt in a update very soon. hang in there! :)
@ john mays - thanks for the suggestion! we will pass it along to our design and engineering team. :)
@ brian emerick - we have all of our awesome backers to thank for that! thank you! thank you! thank you!
@anova is the decision of using 800 watts due to not having a metal skirt?
instead of a single tone when time has ended, how about a multi-tone (several short beeps). if i'm in another room doing something i've missed hearing mine more than a few times.
this is crazy.  1200% of the goal and still 26 days to go.
@daniel reitzenstein and @leonard and @anova...i have just assumed that that would be a feature of the app when setting your original settings or that that will be done by developers via the sdk (although i presume that such a simple feature will be part of the original app). theoretically, depending on what you're cooking, for the most part, that is generally unnecessary with sous vide cooking because it's not "overcooking" because it's never exceeding the target temperature. that being said, most of us have seen kenji's discussion of eggs and how those change in texture via longer cook times than intended. interested in knowing how extended hold times at target temp (rather than holding temps) affect texture etc.
@ daniel reitzenstein - that is actually a really good idea! that should be the default.
@ daniel reitzenstein thanks for the feedback! we will definitely pass all suggestions to our design and engineering team. :)
one feature i've been dying for is when the cook time is done, instead of just shutting off, allowing for a drop to a resting/holding temp so that it stays at a food safe temp for a few hours without further cooking it...
@ latoya baker-mathews - we are going to continue selling our current system, featured on our website, www.anovaculinary.com, that runs at 1 kw. :)
@ ryan spears - we are currently in discussions for stretch goals. :)
@ susan williams - thanks for the support! we do not have the us 220v plugs. apologies.
i'd love it if you guys kicked this back up to 1000 watts
having reached 12x your funding goal to get the project to a successful state, i'm surprised that you haven't add more features or add ons?
we backed at the $139 point for an early bird unit and was wondering if any of the 220v plugs will work with a us 220 outlet (220 v/20 amps; see: http://www.askmediy.com/220-volt-plugs-receptacles-configurations/). i know the offering is intended for european use but we have a 220 outlet in our kitchen and if there's a power benefit to the 220v unit over the 120, standard u.s. version i'd prefer it. i'll also echo what others have said, as i'd prefer more power, even if it cost a little more, to circulate more water in a larger bath. currently we use the polyscience unit in a hotel pan.
@jeff williams @andrew mackenzie - thanks to you both! we are certainly in discussions about stretch goals.
i don't know about stretch goals but i would love to see a three for 300 level :)
it would be good to see some stretch goals, with that level of investment i would have thought it a natural thing to do
@low chong hung we offer the uk plug, the standard eu plug, and the au plug. we will send out a questionnaire that will allow backers with the 220v units select their preferences. :)
@anova culinary, for 220v model, what type of plug is included?
@ povl kvols - absolutely! there will be a an andriod app! :)
will your survey allow a surf and turf to choose one 120v and a 220v? i have a need for one of each. please consider.
looks really interesting - just backed the project! please make sure that you focus _at least_ as much on an android version as you do on iphone. it is somewhat worrying that your video, code examples etc. only shows ios and iphone, while not really mentioning android at all. android does after all have 75+% market share...
i suggest anova should do minimal packaging. so shipping will be cheaper for international customers. that is for customers who will have it shipped to a warehouse to avoid taxes.
i started to work on an android app for this anova precision cooker (as well as for any other  sous-vide setup). i hope to have a version of "sous-vide timer" even before i get the sdk and prototype (which is promised in august) and add the anova-specific features after that. i created a short survey @ http://palagraph.com/limesurvey/index.php/878328 to measure the interest in such an app and collect the requirements. if you are potentially interested in such android app, please take part in the survey.
i was a little disappointed that this unit was underpowered compared to v1.  but i got two for pretty much the same price as 1 v1.  v2 will handle the 4.75 gallon cambro i honestly can't see needing bigger. but also if you need bigger you can put 2 circulators in 1 bath.  i wouldn't argue if anova bumped the power back up though ;)
@marnix. great idea.  i don't the real use for bluetooth but this would be cool.
i know from other kickstarter campaigns that they send the packages for european backers from a warehouse in the uk so that the backers don't have to pay customs. have you thought about a similar solution? i'm paying 30 usd for shipping, so i would really appreciate it.
congratulations on the evolution of anova, i already own your earlier model (220v, i'm in australia) and love it. very excited by your next phase especially the ability to write own apps - can't wait to see what comes out of that! i agree with 'outside bluetooth range' requests below, i'd like to be able to use this wirelessly. and to answer dave below, i've tried it, and no harm done at all - you just wash it (same as if a bag splits or spills into the water when you are cooking). the only thing that can potentially hurt it would be a large chunk of something lodging in the impellor blade.
@phire: i've been considering a raspberry pi as a bluetooth-to-wifi 'bridge' between the anova and the internet. small and inexpensive, i think i should be able to fix one underneath a kitchen cupboard and have it there permanently. for me personally, it'd make a good excuse for a long-overdue programming project as well ;-)
that's why i'm also wondering why the v1 is much more expensive than v2. so now it's clear that these are two different product lines. any pros and cons?
so this unit is not really a "v2" then?  if the "v1" will continue to be produced, then they are different models geared at different demographics.   the way it seems, this unit is aimed at the novice/home user that isn't so interested in the nitty gritty of temp settings and times.
@ andrew ebrahim and billy bush - many thanks for the input! we appreciate all feedback. the new system is not meant to replace the current system and we will still continue to sell it on our website.
agree on the power and capacity. why is it lower than the previous generation (800w instead of 1000w)? i'm a backer no doubt but just curious why the drop...
with over $1 million dollars raised, it would be great to see some added features. as many have said, wi-fi would be a great feature, and personally i would even be willing to raise my pledge for a return to a 1000 watt heating element and 22l capacity! take my money!
thanks for that @michael carr.  i also backed the codlo, and the thrifty vac ended during that kickstarter.  i had wondered about it.  i like the idea.
hi. thought i'd tell you about a previous kickstarter campaign that us now on sale in amazon for those of you who would rather have your food bagged and vaccum sealed when you are using your new anova. apologies if it's been posted here before. it seems a bit long winded way to vacuum seal however for people on a budget it might be just the thing thriftyvac by tom cannon. on sale in amazon about $23 + $5 for you guys across the pond raised $70k plus recently on kickstarter
@ phire, there are ways to do it.  if you have an ipad or android tablet, there are third-party apps that can send screenshots to you periodically or upload them to a site.  since the sdk will be public, a developer could build that feature into an anova app or have it message you with the status on a schedule.  you'd have to leave your tablet within range of the anova and connected to your wifi network.  you could also rdc into a pc/mac if someone creates an anova app to run on a desktop os.  not as elegant as having the anova handle it, but it could certainly be done.
i own the first generation of this product and am very happy with its performance overall.  thanks for a great product. i like the idea of creating a wireless data link for monitoring and control in v2, but i cant help but think it would be an added benefit to have some way to monitor the cooking while you are outside of the bluetooth range. integrating wifi into the product itself has its own concerns (security, complexity), but i was wondering if this was considered or if there could be another solution, perhaps software that could run on a pc (or perhaps another phone/tablet) with bluetooth that could act as a bridge to check in on your 16 hour souv-vide-a-thon from away from home. for the diy'ers/tinkerers, this could also be a small dongle (sbc, microcontroller, whatever) with bluetooth and network capability that pairs with the anova and has a small embedded webserver for displaything this information. thoughts?
thanks @jeff and @hector. i've done lobster in butter in a bag in my sous vide supreme demi and it was wonderful. (i'm getting the anova because i sometimes want to do more things simultaneously, plus the very cool wow-factor).  i've had the demi since it came out around four years ago, and i love it. i use it at least a couple of times a week.  i got the two-for-$219 deal on the anova, figuring i'd not have any trouble selling the extra to a friend. but maybe i'll try the butter circulating first.  if it trashes it, i'll keep the extra one and only be out $50 over the $169 retail. but i can't imagine how butter could hurt those stainless steel components.
@susan - once the fundraising campaign has ended june 17, we will send out a questionnaire that will allow you to select your order preferences. :) thanks for the support! -anova team
@davemackmiller only water should be used in the waterbath to keep all the parts of the machine clean and functional. :) also, for the same reason, we highly suggest that you bag or jar all food. many thanks! -anova team
i've pledged for one and am thinking of changing it to two. if so can i get 1 at 120v and the second at 220v?
@dave, i am not sure about circulating a butter emulsion through the unit.  i would have to guess though that if you filled a bag with a water butter emulsion.  it would likely produce a very similar result to cooking in no bag in a butter emulsion bath.
i'll probably get the stainless.  not because i care about the plastic.  even the polyscience units are plastic.  i just like the look.  that being said if they are expensive i will probably pass on it.
true true...i have cooked in masor jars.   the stainless steel skirt just looks more "oooh" and 'impressive'... that's it. adds more weight and heft to the unit.  i dunno... i can understand why the stainless skirt is wanted. yeah dave, mackmiller... something like this --- http://www.amazon.com/lekue-3401000b04u004-cooking-mesh-clear/dp/b001ecr3a8 ... but with what you are asking about... with butter and whatnot... i think it's better to use a jar. so...why not just put it in a bag or a mason jar dave mackmiller? lekue also makes these bags that may work --- http://www.amazon.com/lekue-1-liter-fresh-bag-clear/dp/b0049eu670/
@ dax wagner, so you want the stainless steel skirt for when you drop your anova v2 on the kitchen floor.  got it.  not sure how often you drop kitchen applilances, but have you considered that you might prefer the polycarbonate skirt in order to protect your kitchen floor when you drop your anova v2?  ;)
@todd meyers   the steel skirt has to be far more resistant to accidental breakage than the plastic skirt.  polycarbonite is strong, but i bet it would get damaged if i somehow dropped my anova v2 on my kitchen floor.
in his cookbook, under pressure, thomas keller of french laundry fame has a couple of recipes for lobster cooked in a circulator containing a water/butter emulsion.  the lobster isn't bagged, just poached for about 15 minutes (i forget the temp, maybe 140). would this be possible with the new anova?  that is, if i could assure that the meat would stay away from the device with a mesh bag or something, would the stainless steel heating elements and propeller be hurt by a liquified butter emulsion?
@impact: i'm cooking frozen cod filet right now, will be perfect (i did it several times). see http://www.douglasbaldwin.com/sous-vide.html for the effect on the cooking time.
agreed.  seems there's no reason for wanting a stainless steel skirt other than appearance.
@jeff williams +1 re cooking from frozen.  @todd meyers i think some people forget that the bags bpa fee and it doesn't really matter what's leaching into the water from a poly skirt. the bag is the barrier between the water and the food. so if the poly skirt is leaching bpa into the water, the bag is the "great protector" of your food. the reality - if you're worried about plastic in your food, don't cook this way.
it's at the bottom of the page...
ignore me i'm an idiot.
hi i've just changed my pledge and accidentally selected the wrong credit card. i've tried to change it again but now it won't go to the amazon payment screen. just says pledge has been updated. anyone have any ideas?
@impact,  should he fine.  just know it will lengthen the cooking time.  if your using the app that will be coming with the device jus be careful not sure if it will set time based on room temp or if you will be able to tell it it's frozen.  i think it will just be easier to forget the app all together.  just use the mouse wheel to set the temp and go.  seems much faster then clicking through an app.
so i have a food saver ... the bags are "simmer safe".   would i be able to take a package straight from the freezer and clip it to the side of the pot and go?
@jeff williams - thanks !! the stainless steel skirts will be available for order in q4 which means closer to the end of this year - around november/december time. you may purchase 2 stainless steel skirts at that time and switch out the plastic skirts delivered with the units. many thanks !  anova
@todd meyers - we have a ton of people that cook in glass mason jars instead of bags, and it works out quite well ! filling the jar with marinade, olive oil, butter, etc. is definitely the best course of action for that method ! cheers ! anova
anybody want a $139 pledge. i'm upgrading mine so it will be free in a few minutes...
@mattias @ fabrice @ jeff +1 on the reasonably priced home chamber vac. anova, i think this could be a great project as well :)
some comments on cooking sous vide cooking. when you want to reach a core temperature of eg. 54°c, you must set your water bath 1 or 2 degrees higher than your goal temperature. this means your meat will never reach 60° or even 56°c. so you can leave your meat in the water for a longer time.  a delayed start is a much higher risk when we are talking about infections. it's better to leave your meat at the desired temperature than leave it at room temperature.
@jeff, @fabrice: i agree on the need for a reasonably priced home chamber vac. i think that the price today reflects the fact that these machines are built to withstand professional use. then again, i am not sure if they can be made that cheaply since the pump must empty the entire chamber, not only the bag, and to a much higher under pressure than the food saver style vacs. it would be an interesting project anyway...
@jeff: i predict a great success for the affordable chamber vac kickstarter that is probably taking shape somewhere (i would do it if i knew how ;-). back to components, i'm wondering what part of the price is explained by the chamber itself. the pump and the sealing bar are cheap as they are also used in external vac machine. so it must be the rest as all chamber vac. machines are bulky, heavy, etc.
@fabrice, yep that is the cheapest i could find here.  i would think ito should be possible to get it down in price.  it's a pump and sealing bar.  it  wasn't to long ago the immersion circulator's were $2000+, some of them still are.  perhaps there are just not that many affordable alternative to components.
@jeff: that would be really cool. the cheapest one you can get easily in europe, as far as i know, is the vacmaster vp112. it's very bulky and heavy, and cost around 800 € (vat included). going down to 400 € would already be great!
that cheap chamber vac sure would be nice :) reportedly pretty hard to do right, though.
now we just need a sub $200 chamber vac.  probably won't happen but a sub $400 would be great.
can't wait to get my 2 units.  i wish i didn't have to wait till oct. almost just bought version 1 just to not wait and for it ability to handle a bigger bath.  but this looks fine for my 4.75 gal bath.  any more info how the stainless skirt upgrade will work.  it's just a look that i like.  not worried about the poly.  also 2 device plans are the largest you go any way to order more?   and i will just give my +1 for a defrost setting (circulation only).
@hector, there are some expensive silicone bags out there, and i actually know some people who will cook in glass mason jars instead of bags.  they fill the jar with marinade, olive oil, butter, etc.  but still, anyone concerned about heating the water bath with a polycarbonate skirt has misplaced fear if they are using ziploc/vacuum bags.
@jasonraymond - great thinking! it's not something that would have crossed my mind so i'm glad you mentioned it. i'd assume and hope the wort would be ok with the system / not cause any issues.
@hector silva +1
and how does that not happen when you are cooking inside plastic bags that have to "stick to" the food in order for it to cook properly/evenly? i can understand that the stainless steel skirt may look better.
why is everyone clamoring for a stainless steel skirt?  i've got a sansaire which is polycarbonate, like the v2 anova, and it doesn't seem to be a negative.  someone commented that they would "rather not cook food with plastic" but how does that happen when your food never comes in contact with the water bath?
@anova - great, that's brilliant! now, where is the kickstarter for moto 360 for an early bird registration??? ;)
@nicolòbrentan - thanks so much for the support :) !!! -anova
congrats on breaking a million, glad i'm pitching in with my surf and turf i. can't wait to get my hands on them, best of luck with your start-up!
@jasonraymond - yes - this unit can be used for grain brewing. please remember only water should come into contact with the circulator and anything being immersed in circulated water should be bagged :) cheers ! anova
@priam why don't you just cook the food in the morning before you leave? it won't overcook and can sit at your target temp for hours afterward. or, as many have suggested, the app may have an option to set your cooking temp then after x time, drop to a holding temp.
@scottklein - thanks for your feedback - we love it. we are taking everything into consideration and will have updates soon ! cheers! -anova
@fredric lonngren - yes ! the official anova-app for android will support android wear. cheers ! anova
would a second kickstarter for the stainless skirt speed release to ship with this kickstarter? i would buy in.
will the official anova-app for android support android wear (developer preview sdk out now)? then i could use my next two toys, the anova mk2 & motorola 360, at the same time!
ios can currently handle 10 connected bluetooth devices simultaneously. it may only communicate with one device at the time, but that is not a problem since the datatransfers are limited and can easily be done in a round-robin fashion addressing each device in turn.
@brian, so i am dreaming when i have my iphone connected to my pebble watch, car stereo, and keyboard at the same time? what about keyboard, mouse, and trackpad all connected at once on my computer?
its a limitation of bluetooth you can't have a connection live with more than one device at the same time. what you could is buy a nfc tag for each device and set them up so you can quick pair to the one you want by tapping it to the tag for each one at least that would reduce the time for programming 2 devices. that's if your phone supports nfc.
maybe this has been brought up before but technically couldn't this unit be used for all grain brewing? with its ability to heat/circulate the wort?
@aldolorenzo - the stainless steel skirts will be available for order around november/december time. you may purchase the stainless steel skirt option at that time and switch out the plastic skirt delivered with the early bird special. thanks so much ! anova
@chris @ bitemyapple - absolutely, you can start with frozen food, it works perfectly fine ! cheers ! anova
@leopold - awesome :) thanks !! cheers ! anova
@low chong hung - correct ! when v2 is available for retail to public, stainless steel removable skirt is an optional item that is available for purchase !
@latoya baker-mathews - the stainless steel skirts will be available for order in q4 which means closer to the end of this year - around november/december time. you may purchase 2 stainless steel skirts at that time and switch out the plastic skirts delivered with hackers special. many thanks ! anova
@aaron nunley @dougpaice - at this time we do not have any plans to add an additional hacker tier. thanks ! anova
will the early birds have an option to upgrade the skirt into stainless steel?
1 million yeaaaahhhh :))))
i'd rather have bt than wifi. wifi direct has the same range as bt and normal wifi requires you to have a router somewhere to be connected. you could not use it anywhere else e.g. on a campsite. not mentioning people without wifi at home (yes, there are many out there). if delayed start is not an option i hope someone will come up with it using the sdk. the meals take very long to cook and i really would like to have dinner after i come home quickly. that means the delay would be about 5 hours in cold water. nothing wrong will happen in that time with the food.
@anova, may i ask why single unit can be freely delivery ww but not the surf and turf pledge?
+1 vote for wifi connectivity.  cheers
yes, wifi please and ability to control two separate v2s with different temp/time settings with same smartphone...
@chris @ bitemyapple: you can start with frozen food, it works perfectly. slightly longer cooking time, but not as much as one can expect. see baldwin's guide: http://www.douglasbaldwin.com/sous-vide.html.
@kristian, you guys are lucky. been doing the same thing haven't got any luck yet.
@michael carr; i started on $149 and have jumped all the steps to the $129 level. i don't anticipate anyone giving up their membership in the founders club so i'm probably done now. i have maybe refreshed the site 15 times over the last couple of days, so no big effort.
this is great.  when i first found this project i had to go in at the $159 level. i keep checking regularly and have managed to come down 2 levels with people pulling out or upgrading to higher levels. i'm now down to the early bird ii @ $135 wondering if i can get it any lower before the campaign ends.
@leopold, +1
haha! i chipped in $266 for a surf and turf to bring the total to exactly 1,000,000!
maybe, if cost for stainless steel removable skirt is not too high, we can ask anova culinary to give us free as stretch goal for backers in this projects who pledged at least $99.  when v2 is available to public, stainless steel removable skirt is optional item that need to purchase.
congratulation to anova culinary. total pledged reached $1,000,000.
@latoya baker-mathews, the removable skirt for v2 is made from polycarbonate.  backers can purchase stainless steel skirt when it is available in late q4 as an optional item. the bags we use in sous vide is also made by plastic (polyethylene plastic), or am i right?
can you start with frozen food or does it have to be thaw out?
yes. stainless steel removable skirt will be available in late q4. it will be an optional paid addition - pricing to be determined. we will certainly keep you updated ! @anova what does this mean? i'm not understanding what available in late q4. i would like a stainless steel plate does that mean i can order one before you guys ship the 2 i backed here. or by q4 do you mean this is something that will be available once these are in the store. to be honest i'd rather not cook with something plastic, i'm tempted to just buy the current one you already have on the market, it has stainless steel, and i'm not sure why you guys decided to change that. it was a big reason that i was going to buy the v1--until i saw this updated one--i just assumed you guys would keep the stainless steel
@aaron nunley +1 for another hacker tier, i'd love to work on a windows and/or android app. on that note, it should be possible to have a local windows app that acts as a bluetooth to wifi bridge... you could probably do that with something like a raspberry pi too. that'd be a fun hacker project :)
@michael lebeau  no, i think the primary reason people want wifi is so that they can actually connect to the device from anywhere in their house/yard. bluetooth simply doesn't have that range.  if they put in a wifi module, i'm sure developers with the sdk can come up with some interesting uses for it. honestly, if i had to choose between wifi and the stainless steel skirt, i would choose the ss skirt.  the stainless steel skirt should have been a stretch goal from the beginning imo.
any chance at adding an additional hacker tier?  i backed the early bird without seeing the hacker tier before it was sold out.  would love to upgrade my pledge level and get a jump on an ios app.
@kevinrank - many thanks for your feedback. we are taking all comments/feedback into consideration and passing along to our engineering team. cheers ! anova
a few comments.  someone asked about wifi.  for me, i want wifi for the added range.  bluetooth is a short range technology. with wifi i could check in on the meal at any time.  with bluetooth i need to get closer.  plus with wifi, i could leave the house and in theory check it.  though, i'd guess a lot of these features could be implemented via wifi with an app on a computer, that replicates the same features as the andriod/iphone app.  it is a reasonable work-around, especially with the sdk being released. i never thought about using the unit un-heated to circulate water to thaw out something quickly. that is a cool thought. @anova it would be nice to be able to track the temp of a cool, to maybe see if there are problems, or possibly troubleshoot issues with location/vessel/etc.  in theory, it should just hit the temp and hold it, is my understanding.  if temps are logged for the entire cool, and it fluctuates, the customer can know there is something weird going on.
one use? ouch!
@brian hughes - thank you for your input regarding the ph of the water, but my key points were: 1 - a device that's represented as having stainless steel components, and that's marketed for use sous vide cooking, shouldn't exhibit the corrosion issues (particularly after a single use), and 2 - it's not unreasonable to expect some sort of response from their customer service people after you've emailed them with an description of the issue, order & serial number information, as well as pictures that show the extent of the corrosion.
delayed start would be a terrible idea since there is always someone who gets the impression that it is ok to leave their chicken in a 75f/24c waterbath for 12h until cooking.
@aaron helms but if you have an ice bath, the heating time to take the water from ice bath temps to heated would leave your food in the not-so-metaphorical "danger zone" for far too long. that's the problem with delayed start. it serves no purpose in this application. a much more appropriate approach is to have you start right away at whatever temperature you intend to cook to and then drop it down to holding temp (e.g. 130) after cooking is done. or start it at 130 and bump it up, if you want. either way. shouldn't make a difference, i would't think... is that why people want wifi? i can't see any other possible application for it.
@fabrice rossi  delayed start (or preferably starting via wifi) doesn't have to be a health hazard.  i could simply use an insulated cooking vessel (i.e. a cooler), fill it with water and ice bath?  it would stay plenty cold enough for a 12 hour delay.
@aaron helms @cory maddox - many thanks for the feedback ! - anova
i wonder what happens when it hit $1 million pledge.   will anova provide some reward for all the backer who purchased one or more machines?
another +1 for wifi, even though it sounds unlikely.
while wifi isn't "necessary", adding this for us kickstarters would provide a tremendous amount of goodwill which goes a long way in word-of-mouth advertising.  over-delivering is how to build a successful brand.  plus, hitting over 800% of goal normally results in unlocking a stretch goal.
that's a real shame that delayed start is not possible seems quite a competitive advantage point. it would have been more useful than bluetooth.
will it have the ability to change temperature after a certain preset period of time? two examples: cook two hours at 65c then drop to 55c holding temperature after that. tenderize at 45c for three hours then raise to 55c cooking temperature after that. the ability to preset temperature changes could be one of the great advantages over the "dumb" sv devices.
@fabricerossi - at this time delayed start is not on board to be an option. cheers !  anova
@anova: any thought about delayed starting? can that be done safely?
@david siegel - yes. you can use the v2 in no-heat mode so the system just circulates water.  fine for rapid chilling/unheated defrosting. cheers ! anova
@aiden - when the campaign ends we will send out a questionnaire where you can specify your preferences. cheers ! anova
@lowchonghung - yes. stainless steel removable skirt will be available in late q4. it will be an optional paid addition - pricing to be determined. we will certainly keep you updated ! cheers ! anova
@eric ochoa - all ziplock bags are actually quite safe because the water never really boils in the sous vide process. most all ziplock/plastic bags are safe now and marked as bpa free by manufacturer. cheers ! anova
@joakim solhaug: delayed starting time seems a health hazard, except maybe for eggs. if kitchen temperature is around 20°c (68 °f), the food will spoil rather quickly and become "dangerous" to eat in 16 hours or so (see http://www.hi-tm.com/homeprep/home-2006-2col-forpdf.pdf). add to that the heating time of the water bath, which might keep the food in the "danger zone" for a bit longer that you would like.
@aldo: i see, thanks for the explanation, your case seems much more complicated than i thought!
@fabrice no. i live in the philippines, the problem here is the customs they sometimes they would charge you more than the price of the product you bought. that is why i'm planning to ship this to a private cargo courier. their shipping is a bit expensive and still be charge with tax but at least there's no exorbitant unknown fees going in their pocket.
+1 for wifi - a lot more useful than bluetooth... (but i still have pledged for the surf & turf). if no wi-fi in this round (as you have stated in reply to others), at least make it possible to set a delayed starting time.
@aldo: do you live in europe? the duty limit is 150 €, should be high enough to avoid duty fees (which are only 2.7% for this type of hardware). vat is unavoidable, that would be fraud. but all included, it's quite a bargain compared to other devices available in europe. the cheapest sousvide supreme is 300 € without shipping (and seems far less convenient than a circulator) and polyscience discovery unit is also 300 € (and it's only 750 w, no app, etc.). professional grade tools are twice as expensive.
@low chong hung thanks, i missed it again. i'll have to camp out as you suggest :/
would be nice if annova can find a way to help with international customers. to help reduce the customs and vat fees which in our country is out of control.
will the v2 have a no-heat mode that just circulates the water, ie for rapid chilling/unheated defrosting?
hey guys! any chance we could order 2 of the same colour in the surf an turf option. black won't suit my kitchen. best regards
@michael carr - hi michael. if we do not mark a sales value (which leads to paying a vat) then the system is not insured. we do need to mark a sales value.
@tedbrzinski  - thanks so much for your feedback !
@soh yun huei - thanks for your question. it seems the only way would be to create a second account. hope that helps!
@quintious - we'll be sure to let you know if wifi is planned for future releases. thanks for your feedback, as always!
@chi ken - absolutely. you can purchase 2 at surf & turf and create a new account (with different email) to purchase two more. make sense? let us know if we can help.
@arfan ch - email us! we'd love to get more details and better estimate your electricity consumption. help@anovaculianry
@neil pankey - timeframe for early access on sdk should be around august.
@yam mesicka - we will be releasing stretch goal updated soon!
what's wrongs with the cheap amazon vaccum sealers many of the reviews look good
@aldo lorenzo: as someone who's used the v1, the new design looks much better. the v1 screen didn't show any additional information, and added unnecessary complexity to a simple appliance.  i don't need a screen on my blender either - sometimes less is more. besides the v2's simpler display, the interface is a plus as well. the v1 uses a resistive touch screen, whereas the v2 looks to be using a physical knob and a capacitive button. resistive touch sensing is notoriously inaccurate and unreliable.  i've *never* seen a working, physical knob misidentify which direction it's turned, or miss the fact that it was turned in the first place. i love the v1, but i love even more that the v2 looks like a well considered iteration on its predecessor.  the anova guys clearly listen to their users, and use their own devices.  i can't wait to get my hands on this thing.
actually im not sure the max temp on those polyethylene bags as this cooker can go up to 210. can anyone shed light on any of this?
exactly not all manufacturers  disclose that info and ziplocks can get expensive. basically polyethylene is the safe stuff but i think you can only cook with it up to 180 degrees. so finding the other brands made of (pe) can be tuff. if anyone knows of any specifically designed bags out there please share thanks.
*2 slots* typo...
@doug paice, now there are 2 free slots for hacker special reward.
i think it is easy to find ziplock bags that suitable for sous vides, which is usually those labeled as freezer bags. but it is really difficult or even can't find the information regarding whether it is free from bpa especially for those less famous brands or brands that we never heard.
@michaedelozier i do know i dont claim to be a professional about sous vide but just simply saying it would be nice for those who don't have a vacuum sealer to have more info on the other alternatives out there.i never said vacuum sealers were not good just they are expensive and bulky for some people. in fact of course i'm not an idiot i do know you will get better results with one but not all of us are rich and can afford one. did you not see their video about making sous vide more affordable for everyone thats why the machine is priced at such a low price point. the creators are trying to make this type of cooking available for everyone. so if you understood what i was saying i was simply trying to state that it would be nice to know more about the different type of cheap bags that are available out there instead of trying to bash on me by saying i don't know anything maybe you should be more constructive with your intelligence and give some more info for some of us who are not experts like you
please add a cooking history feature so that i can review the cooked time via the app. is just simple line graph of cooking temperature vs time. as i cannot judge the food status by its color anymore and basically the food is just left aside without any monitoring. if my kid switch it off or lower the temperature, then i cannot tell if it ready or not. so a cooking history can prevent me eating uncooked food. thanks
@miguel pilar, thanks. @anova culinary, will we get stainless steel removable skirt in late q4? if yes, it is free or we need to pay for it?
@low chong hung if i am reading the specs correctly v2 stainless steel skirt is coming later. not sure if they'll be compatible but if they are i don't doubt you could probably order them separately (accidents with skirts can't be that rare so they're probably replaceable).
@eric ochoa - vacuum sealers are great and necessary at times.  if you knew more about sous vide and how it works, you would understand.  do some research into it and even read kellers book under pressure. if someone could make a sub $300 chamber vacuum sealer, i would be all over that like a fat kid on candy.
@low chong my opinions are only based on the provided pictures i haven't actually seen or used the v1. but if you take a look the v1 screen is one solid square unlike the v2 which is sort of a digital wristwatch because it made up of several panels instead. anyway the important thing is they improved the functions.
@priam @low chong hung excellent idea for a stretch goal and yes there needs to be more info on what other brands besides ziploc brands can be used. im sure not everyone wants to buy a super expensive and not to mention bulky as hell vacuum sealer. ha maybe that can be another kickstarter idea someone invent a super cheap and specifically designed bag for these machines so you don't have to fuss with those vacuum sealers!
i like the v2 screen but i like v1 removable skirt, which is stainless steel instead of polycarbonate.
the v2 has better design because it's round but i think the v1 screen is better because its larger kinda looks like an ipad.
@doug paice, no. what you can do is waiting someone to pulls out or anova culinary increase number of reward for that hacker special.
just wondering if there's a way to get on a waitlist in case someone pulls out of the hacker deal? i'm a developer and i've got a few ideas i'd like to try out.
@priam, +1.  not all countries can get ziploc bags.  for example, i can't find ziploc bags in my area.  thus, i have to used other brand's freezer bags.
maybe a real useful and affordable streatch goal would be a pack of reusable ziploc bags and clips to get everything right away?
on the video and on the description you state that ziploc bags can be used. this is an interesting statement but i've read that only certain types of ziploc bags can be used as not all are temperature tolerant. could you please elaborate as to which are safe. i've been on the fence about these machines only because i didn't want to have to invest in another expensive machine such as a vacuum sealer plus the bags that you would have to buy. having to add that extra expense not to mention all the extra counter space that would take up would make getting this just so much more expensive and inconvenient. this is kind of a hidden cost if you don't read the fine print and only focus on all the great features of this machine. providing more info on the use of ziploc bags makes getting into this type of cooking a little more economical just i haven't found any good info on which ziploc bags are good and what would be the max temp it would be safe to use them at. a safety disclosure on the use of ziploc bags might be in order here if you are stating that they can be used. just more info on that would be nice seeing as ziploc bags are not specifically designed to be used with these type of machines well at least not yet.
@soh yun huei, probably can't.  kickstarter probably won't allow. they don't wish backers have wrong impression that kickstarter is a store. in kickstarter faq: https://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/creator+questions#faq_62980
i understand that there are limitations on what pledge levels and products you can offer each backer - but is there any way to obtain 4 units without having to resort to creating a second ks account to back the project? would there be any increase in shipping costs internationally also if this is done? thanks!
i missed all the early birds. but still in @ the $159 pledge. it may have been asked already. but i haven't seen it.  can you clarify the decision not to mark the packages as a gift to avoid international vat ad duties. making it a lot more expensive to own.  i am in the uk. i have purchased many things from outwith. and vat and duty is quite high.  a lot of kickstarter campaigns do this as they consider the item as a gift for helping bring the idea to market.  i would fully expect to pay all neccessary fees if i ordered one directly from an online store, but it's constantly mentioned that kickstarter is not a store.
@anova culinary i strongly support your decision to stick with bt. i cannot see any compelling argument for wifi. adding wifi at this stage will just heighten the risk of delays. @brian hughes i do agree with you too. i can see the benefit of delayed start (and preprogrammed temperature changes). with a lot of people now getting more than one unit, the app ought to support multiple units.
for the time delay what would be even better would be able to set up the food in the pot set the food in the app and set what time you want the food cooked by and have the app work it out and send instructions the the unit. that way you could set up a few of these before work and come home to the cooked food.
@ peter o distilled water actually has a acidic i.e. metal corrosive this due to the fact distilled water pulls in co2 from the air ending up with a ph of 5.5-5.8 instead of neutral 7 so although using distilled water will keep the element free of lime scale it could also promote acid erosion of the element. if your purpose in using distilled water was to prevent lime scale you'd have been better of using your tap water and giving the element the occasional citric lemon/lime juice bath. or if your using distilled water because you don't trust your water supply cleenliness then add some bicarbonate to your distilled water to bring the ph up a bit so the acidic distilled water is more neutral and stops eating your element.
@chi ken - to get more than one reward, you will have to open a new kickstarter account. or like me - numerous accounts...
if you can't do wifi in this itteration can you add the ability to set a delay to the start of cooking that way if your going to work you could set up your pots of food connecting to each it turn by bt sending instructition what to cook and what time to start then come home to the cooked food. obviously that's not as good as wifi but it would be useful.
is there a particular reason why the wifi capability isn't planned on in any way?  i'm just wondering if it's an economic consideration or an engineering one.  i have a cyber-q wifi for my smokers, and it has integrated ad-hoc network support that has proven immensely useful - and the cyber-q isn't a large unit by any stretch, so space doesn't appear to be an issue.
@nick sakellariou @ben1680 @michael freundlieb - thanks for your comments, everyone. we really appreciate the feedback. through wifi is not planned for this release, we will be sure to let you know if this is in the works moving forward.
upgraded my pledge from early bird iv to surf and turf i - would like to get 4 units though. any way to do this? :)
hello anova team, i am also curious about the electricity consumption? do you have an way of estimating for long cooks. thanks.
+1 for considering wifi (could be the 1 mio. stretch goal?) wifi will support multiple devices simultaneously and have better range than bluetooth. i would love to be able to sit on the living room couch while monitoring the cooking in the kitch via wifi.
+1 to nick. please consider wifi. this should make it possible to control multiple unit as well, as it is much easier to support multiple devices using wifi.
congrats on a very successful campaign so far. existing v1 owner, who backed the v2 without giving it a second thought. i have to chime in for the ability to control multiple anova v2 units from the app. as the v2 sets a new standard on affordable sous vide cooking, it is a highly possible scenario that people will own and use multiple units. considering that you already offer the "surf and turf" packages, you can scratch "highly possible" - it is happening, and people will ask for that functionality. please consider adding that functionality to your roadmap prior to release. yet another reason why adding wifi would make a lot of sense, as you could integrate the v2 with plenty of existing home monitoring and automation equipment, or at the very least give developers who pledged for the hacker version a chance to enable that integration. currently at 830%, surely a stretch goal where wifi is included wouldn't be out of the question? you're ahead of the competition, and this is an excellent chance to stay ahead. keep up the great work!
what's the time frame on the early access to the sdk? i got the hacker special and wondering what's going to be possible even if the prototypes don't ship until august.
as a current model anova owner making something right now, i can't wait for the two of these i just ordered...but...why not wifi instead of bluetooth so you can control it from anywhere in the world like the philips hue system works?
since you multiplied your max pledge amount by 8.5... any stretch goals coming? :-)
@joey natividad - thanks for your question - we're so glad to have you on board! the app does not allow for control of multiple units at this time. we will be sure to make a note if there are plans to develop such capabilities.
@peter o. our primary focus is providing an incredible customer experience. we do this in two ways: (1) through providing the best product on the market at the best price, and (2) through providing amazing customer support. we've spent the last 3-4 months building out an amazing customer service team. we're continuing to make strides in that department and it will continue to be of utmost importance to us. last year we were sold a batch of parts with defects. less than 100 were built before we discovered the problem and corrected for it. we're proud of this, as we feel the limited number reflects our intense focus on quality and the advantage we have in doing our own manufacturing. we replaced all the units that were sent out with defective parts. the experience we had with some of the defective parts we purchased led to new processes for finding and eliminating defective parts. since that time, we've had an extremely low defect rate. the issues that we had last year have forced us to get better. and we're relentless about it. if we've provided an experience that is anything less than excellent, we're very sorry. however, it's important to note that our new backers and future customers will benefit from our past issues. if you have a defective system, please contact us at help@anovaculinary.com and we'll replace it immediately.
is the jacket material used for heating coil in the v2 susceptible to the same corrosion issue that i have with my v1 (which has been used exclusively in distilled water)?  and, is your customer service organization actually going to respond to issues that come up with v2 product, versus what happened with your v1 product?
@hector silva it seems that you can loose the green colour if you cook them to long under strict vacuum (at least it's what keller writes in its book). but i use a zip lock bag so the vacuum is quite relative. i like the result very much as the asparagus remain very firm but loose the "greenish" flavour that have when eaten undercooked or raw. for less than 1 cm diameter i cook the asparagus 20 minutes at 85°c to get this result. i'm sure you can get something very good also with steam cooking or in boiling water, but you have to stop the cooking using a ice bath while with the sous-vide technique, you can eat the asparagus right away.
very excited about this version! i almost plunked down cash for the v1 model of this, but happened to see the techcrunch mention of this new version's ks project, and now pledged for two units! this brings me to my question, which may or may not already have been asked & answered: will the ios app be able to control both units at the same time? i plan on using both units to cook two different items at a time and was wondering if the app can control both in this scenario. great product anova team!
congratulations! anova precision cooker project is currently most funded sous vide project in kickstarter.
lots of questions coming through in regards to android support. android support is in development and on the way!
@ton visser - unfortunately not, sorry!
@fabrice rossi,  i was under the impression that asparagus and other green veg don't really make sense to sous vide.  are you infusing them with something by chance?
i just add a sous-vide salmon cooked at 38.5°c with my anova v1, delicious. i can't wait to pair it with green asparagus cooked at 85°c with my anova v2 :-)
@marnix - shipping info: domestic – fedex. international – dhl or usps. hackers special – free shipping.
@ juliano marchese - perfectly safe!
@ eloy hernandez - ipad support is available. note that you can use the system without the app if you like, simply by using the convenient scroll wheel you would choose your info and hit start.
@juliano marchese - it is perfectly safe to freeze sv cooked food.
is it ok to freeze sous-vide cooked food? i'm mean, if is it safe. tks.
@ leung kin bong,  you can use a kill-a-watt or a wattsup meter to find out how much it's costing you to cook your meals. if you heat up your water using another source (say gas range) then it might be a little more difficult to ascertain what your true cooking cost is.  once the water is hot and your insulation is good then the power consumed by the unit is going to be quite minimal. i cooked brisket for 24 hours with another circulator and good insulation and the cost was 16.5 cents given a charge of 11 cents per kwh.  the water was heated with a gas range previously.    to make your cooking even more economical.  what you can do and what i have done is to cook a bunch of things on sunday afternoon... starting with veg @ 185, then chicken @ 147 and then steak @ 132.  all you have to do is allow some time in between each cooking session for the temperature to come down a little bit. for this to make sense for you however, the quantity has to be large enough to justify it, otherwise it is just easier that you cook it at the time you want to eat it.
@hendrik van rensburg @leonard - 220v betas will be going out for the hacker special, you bet.
@michael lebeau  @alan claver @craig schertz- wifi is not planned for this model, but thank you for the feedback and conversation.
@patrick ho @kevin lee @david hayes - windows support will be coming later this year. thanks for the suggestion!
i have been so lucky to be able to pledge in the founders club. :) now if i double my pledge will i receive two?
yay! with people now changing their pledges, i was able to get the hacker special.  would it be possible to send me a 220v beta in august?  i guess the 220v models also need to be tested :)
@aaron bretveld, i don't think offer different color is a way to get around with restriction in hardware and product design categories.  anova need to get approval from kickstarter to offer more than 1 unit of hardware to backers.  otherwise, kickstarter may cancel those levels that offer more than 1 unit of hardware to backers.
@nick siryk i suggest you send your question directly to anova about getting the surf and turn in the same color for both and see if you can work something out. i believe the reason why surf and turf is for two colors is due to a kickstarter limitation that won't allow rewards for two identical products. offering one of each color gets around that restriction.
leung - it's too variable to say. ambient temp, container used, volume of water, etc. sous vide in general is very efficient compared to conventional cooking methods.
hi anova team, not a huge concern but am curious.  with the machine expected to be in operation for long hours, how can we estimate the electricity consumption?  do you have an estimate for, say, 65c/5 hours (just a random benchmark for estimation).  thanks!  am excited about this!
have you sought out windows phone developers? windows phone app, please! :)
*memorise*
@michael lebeau, anova app can help us memories settings for different dishes and it need bt to connect anova precision cooker.
i'm having a hard time understanding the need for wifi (or for bt for that matter). i've always just used the "turn on, set temp, leave it alone until it's done" method. what am i missing?
add another vote for wifi support.
will the unit work on it's own without a smartphone?
so, now this project is limited to offer only 13,200 units of anova + 200 units prototype anova.
@lionel liow, your reward level is free shipping.  you won't incurred any other charges except when this item arrive your country, you need to bear duty and gst, if any.
can we get the surf and turf with two black units. i want all my anovas to match. thanks.
will the hacker special prototype come in a 220v version too? or should i switch pledge?
looking forward to receiving this. thanks also to whomever freed up a $99 slot.
missed the "be respectful and considerate" notice, did you aiden?
it's a kickstarter for fuck sake, get a grip! if your worried about vat and import charges.... wait until it's sold by your fav local retailers and buy it for more.
christian, that just isn't the case. my apartment is over 60' from end to end and if my phone is next to my living room window at one end, my pebble still receives notifications on the back porch at the other end. and that's with two 2.4ghz networks (g and n) operating constantly in my apartment, in a very congested urban neighborhood. bluetooth has much better connectivity than either 2.4ghz network band in this context.
i have backed this project, and i'm really looking forward to it's final product! i'm just wondering whether i can use it in japan or not; the power voltage here in japan is 100v.
hi, first time backing a project, just pledged with $149, will it be shipped to singapore for free shipping or do i need to incur more charges? thank you for this great invention.
@marty yu, good question,i am hoping that like other thermo circulators you can use other liquids with it.  i don't see why not. @kevin rank,  top of my list is to confit a whole duck with it (no bag and duck fat instead of water) before bbqing on my kamado to crisp the skin.  poaching pears in wine is also great. lots of you can do with no bags.
@marty yu: i'd expect yes, but your food doesn't touch the "water".  you seal your food into a plastic bag.  you want really good contact, since air is an insulator.  the circulator moves warm water around your food, that is sealed away.  the only food that i have seen go into the bath, not sealed, is eggs, and even they are sealed by their shells.
hm, interesting point about the shipping cost weighing along as well. the dutch customs site at http://tinyurl.com/d492yvr specifically states "waarde van de zending (exclusief verzekerings- en vervoerskosten)", which translates to "shipment value excluding shipping and insurance cost". this value should be below € 150 to avoid customs fees. that said - if the customs fees are only 2.7% for this type of hardware as fabrice rossi mentions, it's mostly moot anyways.
@marnix: real world scenario for two v1 shipped to france in february 2014.  - 2 units + dhl shipment cost: 497.99 us $ - cost in € including bank fees: 372,45 € - custom costs (calculated on 346 €, see below) at 2.7 % : 9 € - vat (calculated on 371 €, see below) at 20 % (french rate) : 74 € - dhl fee's (2 %, minimum 10 €) : 10 € - vat on dhl fee's : 2 € - grand total : 465,45 €, that's around 233 € each. a very important point is that the custom fees and the vat apply to the total "value" of the shipped item, which includes the postal fees, unless anova can declare that they are offered here. another thing is that vat applies after custom fees. as pointed out by marnix, the limit for avoiding custom fees is 150 € (total value). i wouldn't bet on the exact value as shown by my personal example: it seems that the value can change base on the exchange rate used at the time the calculation is done. anyway, the custom fees is quite low for this type of hardware at 2.7%. so even if you have the full priced unit at 159 $ and that for some reason you are charge the custom fees, it's only 3 €, which gives 118 € before vat and roughly 142 € after vat + 12 € for dhl. it's amazingly cheap (even the v1 at 233 € all inclusive) compared to what you can get in eu from competitors.
guesstimate for customs/vat/carrier fees, according to the dutch customs site and http://invoerkosten.nl/inklaringskosten.html, for two scenarios: you got the $ 159 deal item value is below eur 150 (at $159, it's € 115), which means you have to pay vat (btw in dutch) but no 'customs costs' (douanerechten). so, at 21% vat, you're looking at an additional € 24,15. then there's the fee for the carrier. dhl charges € 10 for getting the parcel through customs, tnt (who handles usps for the netherlands) charges € 13. total price in euros comes to € 149,15 or € 152,15 depending on dhl or usps. if you got in earlier, say at the $ 129 mark: € 92,64 (precision cooker) + € 19,46 (vat) + € 10/€13 (carrier fees), for a total of € 122,10 (dhl) or € 125,10 (usps). i think you can do the math for the other variations, all amounts are approximate and ymmv as euro/dollar exchange rate may change significantly between now and october/november ;)
@aldo lorenzo, each backer account, can only select 1 reward. you need another account, in order to select other reward.
i pledged for 145, and thought it would be nice to add the 1 dollar reward pledge. unfortunately i didn't know that by selecting the 1 dollar it will cancel my 145 pledge.
hi, is it possible to pledge for 2 devices within the same pledge? thx!
how much of a cost difference would there be to add a wi-fi component instead of bluetooth? are there any big development or construction downsides to this? i would rather have the choice to start cooking my meal when at work than have a remote control a couple meters away from the cooker. is it easy for me to make some sort of a crossover from bluetooth to wi-fi that'll stand next to the anova to make this happen in my household? otherwise - thanks a lot for the v2 and looking forward to october. (ran out of hacker special too soon :(
p.s. at least where i live and you do not have plus 30c in the kitchen
i think cold water is just right. the fridge has a few celsius deegres above zero so ice is not needed for the meat to be in good condition for 4-5 hours before it starts cooking.
priam, in that case you need to put the circulator and the meat in ice water when you leave the house.
timed start is the best addition i can imagine. we can set it perfectly timed for comming back home for a warm dinner :)
would it make sense to give it a timed start functionality?
@choi mei ching, anova will ask this question after end of this project.  after the end of this project, their will send you a survey and ask your some question that include your shipping address, model (110v vs. 220v), color, etc.  you can answer those question in survey form.
i just joined the project with 149 pledge. it was available 110v or 220v. i live in hong kong, would you pls send 220v to me?
just upped my pledge to $149!  missed out on yesterday's $139 deal :(. given one of the risks is over demand at what point are you going to be in an over demand situation given you are already at 600% of goal...
can you circulate with liquids other than water, i.e., oil, beer, butter, etc.?
i'm ok with bluetooth. my pebble is still in range if i move to the second floor while it's on the first. it's primarily for operating the device and providing local status. i don't see much advantage to wifi. it's not like sous vide cooking is a willy-nilly process - it's all worked out in advance. i don't need to change things in mid cook.
if you do develop a pc app, may i suggest that you build a 'universal app' which will mean that it will work on windows 8.x, windows phone 8.1 and windows rt! you would then have all ecosystems (ios, andorid and windows) covered!
i've read that ziploc freezer bags are safe up to about 194f or 90c which is above most recommended sous vide temperatures.
another newbie question -- how do you make sure the plastic from the ziploc bag doesn't go into the food at high temps? is there a special bag to buy to prevent this that is affordable?
@ aaron bretveld. thanks for the link. i was about what seemed like 30 seconds too late for the $99 pledge level.
@bob soron too bad bluetooth has such a extreme short range. also, bluetooth outputs much interference in the 2.4ghz spectrum --> the most common wi-fi operating range.  if you have a normal sized house, and you have a pebble, you wouldn't get in range of the cocker if you even just left the kitchen...
i'm happy to see that there are so many people interested in sous vide cooking.
@michael tiefenbach check out the tech specs section article i've linked below from the website seriouseats.com for a post about the new anova. (this is where a fair number of the $99 backers came from.) the story author does not seem very concerned with the change in specs and i trust him a lot since he's been covering sous vide devices for a while now. it would have been better though if the story author had included the heating time stats from the original anova for comparison sake though. http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/05/new-anova-precision-cooker-best-cheapest-sous-vide-circulator-on-the-market.html#1136285
should i be concerned that this unit operates at 200w less than its predecessor and has a smaller capacity pump?
i vote against wifi. people keep saying they want to measure the temperature from wherever, as if they're going to leave work hours early or duck out from a ball game in the fourth inning. i don't see the point. bluetooth is much lower power and opens the door for what would truly be awesome... a pebble app.
@priam  yeah, watched that, i guess i've cooked enough s/v that there isn't any mystery to anything i make but a sophisticated timer that automatically goes into hold temp after my desired cook time is nice.  i guess using a smartphone interface is actually less complicated than incorporating the same controls discretely in the device.  what was once more complicated is now easier.
i see it is available in 110v or 220v. i go between both and since it looks like most of the world is on 220~240v i'll probably go with that one. but, if i got the 110v would it work ok in 220v countries on a step down converter?
please consider wifi - bluetooth doesn't reach out into the yard or the bedroom on the other side of the house, and i think it would be pretty darn useful to be notified of a problem while away at work. just a thought.
wifi would be great!! please consider. congrats on your succes. great product.
also.. now that i'm thinking about it, is there design plans to support multiple units?
is it possible to get more than 1? i would like 4 units.
@eloy hernandez : iphone apps can be installed on the ipad.  you shouldn't see a problem there.  that is what i have, as well as an android phone.
@anova - please update your faq. no one seems to be capable of scrolling in the comments to see if their android/euro/220v questions have been asked (+1000) or answered.
@debbie lee, you can refer to @loner1200 answer about 4 hours ago.
i too would like to +1 the query about the device working in australia (also the uk?).
i liked the stainless steel bottom part of the original anova. are there any reasons apart from cost savings to move to a plastic bottom part?
anova: please consider kicking off the tooling now based on your amazing funding. hopefully it would offset any production delays due to large order quantities as mentioned in your "challenges" section. best case, your enthusiastic backers all get the rewards a little early.  thanks for considering.
forget to mention, your card will only be charged after project ended and funded (mean successful reach at least 100% of $100,000 goal).
@aldo lorenzo, actually this project already successful since it already reached 544% of it original target. amazon is only agent in charge for collect funds from backers when project end. your card will only be charged when this project reach at least 100% of it target (which already reached) and at around wed, jun 18 2014 3:45 am as stated below "manage your pledge".
i'm new to kickstarter. who will sell this product if its successful? is it through amazon? lastly when will my card be charged? thanks
@serena maria buzio, those information is only need after the end of this project. anova will send survey to each backers asking those questions.
hi! i have just joined your project, with the 145 $ pledge. there was non possibility to give infos about the cooker (please, black! and i live in italy, so i need the 220v, with the eu plug). will you contact me, also for the shipping address?
two questions: this anova only works with iphone or also works with ipad? think about android please!
for the $145 pledge, do we get a choice of colour later or just receive whatever colour is available to ship at the time?
@james you do not need it for anything. you can set everything by hand. but it gets handy when cooking some pre-entered receipes. just watch the video again.
not really sure why i need an app for my immersion circulator... especially one limited by bluetooth...
will the prototype for the hacker verdien in 220v?
thanks loner1200 - i imagine there will be an option to purchase multiple units when shipping time comes around. will make a great gift for family!
thanks aaron and low chong!  android is coming for this anova!  i'm such a geek for getting all excited about a cooking tool.  ;-)
@chi ken i contacted anova regarding 230v countries (such as au) and their reply: (sic) yes, you can use the unit in those countries. we also have the eu, au, uk/gb, and us plug available.
@dax wagner, more specifically this comment from anova... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/anova/anova-precision-cooker-cook-sous-vide-with-your-ip/comments…
+1 to the comment querying whether there would be any issues with use of the device in australia?
@dax wagner, creator mentioned it in this section. https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/anova/comments
i don't see anywhere in these comments where the maker stated definitively that this unit will be supported by an android app.  can someone please point me to where anova stated this?
@seabell well, hopefully the release of a sdk + bt means that the anova itself is upgradable and i'm sure if there is the ability to start the anova from the smartphone, it is possible to make it restart from the phone or device itself.
please thing about adding wifi support. that would be awesome :)
congratulation for reaching $500,000.
thanks for your confirmation on android support.  now the update from bluetooth to wifi will be greatly beneficial to all of us...
@anova could you please add some big note to the project home page (or maybe even do an update) about the fact that there will be an android app and be sure to mention that it will be released by the time reward fulfillment happens if that is the case. as you can see, most people don't scroll very far through the comments to see your comment. that will get rid of a large number of the comments coming through here and we can get back to a proper discussion of the project.
android.. android,,, android...
for the white version, i suggest to have white background color and black numeric.
as an anova owner living in a district with sometimes glitchy power, i would like to see an 'auto-on' feature for when the mains supply is interrupted for a few seconds/minutes. right now i am cooking a 4.5lb bottom round for 48 - 72 hours. my biggest fear is that if there is a momentary drop in voltage, i will come home from work to find my meat cooling due to the anova not restarting. perhaps an algorithm looking at elapsed time against temperature drop could be developed to warn the user of any potential risks of pathogens etc. backed this version all the same.
@adam g. manning, for mellow, price and size are the two main problems for me.
check the time delay functionality of this machine and then implement it: http://cookmellow.com/meet-mellow/#
can i use it without my smartphone?
please develop an android/pc app - i do not own an iphone and can't program worth s*** :3. also, +1 for wi-fi!
please consider using the electric imp wi-fi platform instead of bluetooth.
does this device require an iphone? or can i set it manually.
+1 to wifi and android/pc. what is the sdk going to be like? is it a general sdk or is it specific to ios?
please add android support and consider wifi instead of bluetooth.
marshall pls send your hollandaise recipe to me. (brian.olsen1@comcast.net) i started with a homemade job but currently i use a poly science sous vide pro but this little guy looks ok to me. now i can cook some veggies too!
thank you for adding android support!
i understand that not offering a warranty on the hacker version due to the firmware is de rigeur, but what if it breaks in a physical sense? will the hacker version firmware be upgradeable?
i already have 2 anova circulators and love them, the quality is great, and i've used mine for everything from hollandaise (so easy with a circulator, and chamber sealer) to pork chops. i convinced my parents, and brother and sister to each buy one.  they don't have chamber sealers like me but they'll be alright with ziplocks or at most a cheap edge sealer. i'm sure the guys making the searzall are loving this haha.  you guys should team up with them to offer a package with a searzall, would be epic. i'm just stoked about this project, you guys are rad!
android please!
hi would this work in australia 240v?
totally agree, absolutely wifi over bluetooth.
awesome stuff. already have generation 1 so i´ll be adding to my 2nd. also agree with you should look into to the possibility of adding wifi instead of bluetooth.
i would love to see wifi also!
backed.  nice video, but omggg please look at the camera, not the cue cards.
@steve that is the reason i suggested ice, and not just leaving cold water.  you have to keep your food out of the danger zone.  so, an ice bath will keep things cold until ready to cook, and then the circulator can start applying heat which will melt the ice and get the bath the proper temp quickly.
wifi as a strech goal would be awesome!
i'd love to see a windows phone app (although i guess i could write my own)
@kevin if you put meat/seafood sous vide there are some health issues involved. put the fresh food into the heated water straight out of the fridge. therefore no ice in the tank. i suppose thatˋs why they donˋt include a delayed timer...
too bad i can not backed more than 1 funding level. would love to do the t-shirt and hacker special. i also completely agree with the wifi suggestion & timely android support (for my friends on the dark side).
wifi would be very cool, i agree with that.  being able to monitor from anywhere would be very convenient (plus the range boost).  i do understand that bluetooth is simpler.  heck, for me, a bluetooth app on a pc to do that would work. is there going to be a way to delay the start?  say, put ice in the bath to keep things cool until the unit is turned on?  that way, it can not use power through part of the day, and then start later.
i'd vastly prefer wifi (with wpa2!) to bluetooth as bluetooth has a rather short range; i'd love to be able to sit in the living room and still monitor the circulator.
@aaron helms sounds like a fun arduino project, arduinova time!
add wi-fi! i want to be able to monitor the temp from wherever i am!  please!
just backed and i will be wanting an android app as well, or possibly even a pc one, though the bluetooth range probably won't be able to hit my kitchen from my desktop, perhaps a laptop would work. i have always loved cooking and recently got into using a slow cooker more often for doing chicken as it comes out so great. this seems like a pretty interesting variable way to take that sealed slow and consistently cooked factor up another level. will we be able to cook various meats slowly to get that same tender stringy sort of consistency, or is more about cooking them to safe temp and holding it there?
loving the new design.  i have the awesome original whose only limitation was that i had to use the biggest pot we had!  that is now fixed - i just now need to justify having two devices...
@natasha & aaron bpa free on the immersion part is insignificant for two reasons: 1. bpa-free doesn't mean estrogenoid-leaching-free, so the label is, at best, completely useless. 2. the water does (should) not contact your food.
regarding the android application mentioned below do you have a rough time-scale for this?  i have seen several companies promise android support only for it to never appear.  i have no ios device to use in the interim.
just backed, would like an android app as well
they already said that there will be android support for this in a post directly from anova.. just in case people are reading and not going all the way through the posts.
just backed, would love an android app!
thx you also serious eats for the heads up on this.  +1 for android as well. cheers!
@ken currently the anova 1 allows you to turn off the unit or keep it running when the timer runs out. i would imagine this functionality will remain.
currently, i set a timer with my circulator to know when it's done.  i don't want it to turn off, because i want to either make side dishes or have something else to do.  will the app allow for that kind of timing, or just a shut-off??
thanks to j. kenji lópez-alt at serious eats for the heads up on this one! excited to be a founders club kickstarter and can't wait to get this in my hands!
i'm so happy there is going to be an android app. i have an anova immersion circulator that i us now. the build quality is far superior to any other immersion circulator under $500. it is far better build quality than the two other sous vide immersion circulators to come from kickstarter. i briefly owned the sansaire and sold it shortly after receiving it. the build quality of the sansaire next to the anova i own made it look very cheap and flimsy. i am very happy with the performance and quality of my anova. i trust that this new immersion circulator will have a great build quality as well.
android please!!!!!!!
i'm in for one unit, but i really hope that an android version of the app is in the works!
+1 android.  i love the first one.  can't wait to play with the new one in october!
"3. finish by sear, grilling or boiling. some people like to finish their cook by searing their food, throwing it on the grill, or by broiling it. this gives the food a nice look." typo - you don't want to "boil" it ;)
does the app actually control the unit or is it basically just a timer app?
@anova culinary earlier you had stated that the hacker prototype will be non warranty and that you would still be fine tuning the firmware, will the prototype sent have the ability to have its firmware updated?
@gozer, yes i now see the usefulness of the app (after watching the video). the timer though, i still have troubles understand the necessity. while i completely agree on the timing/heat ratio for optimal results - do you find that during those 2-3 hour cooks you actually set the timer (and the unit subsequently turning off) or do you set a timer on something like your phone to remind you to pull the food. i just wouldn't want the unit shutting off if for some reason i wasn't available. i always have set a reminder on my phone and that way if i don't get to the unit for a half hour or so, no biggie, it's still safe.
are the plastic components that are immersed during cooking bpa-free?
@david verba when i've done sous vide cooking, i find there's an optimal mix of time and temperature. for example, when making steak, i either want to cook it about 2-3 hours max to get to the temperature throughout, or i want to let it sit for 48-72 hours and have the fat render out, causing it to fall apart/off the bone nicely. anywhere in between, and the texture feels "spongy" in the mouth. as for the app, it looks to be mostly for recipes that you can set/synch to the anova. useful so i don't have to google every time i use it.
funding at 300% in the first day.  that must feel really good.  i really think you hit the magic formula here with features and capabilities.  i really can't wait to get this in my hands.
@joe wang just watch the video.
@anova do you have any more info on this? "skirt: polycarbonate/stainless in late q4" will we get polycarbonate or stainless steel?  i would prefer stainless steel instead of polycarbonate.  can this be a kickstarter goal... like for meeting a certain number of pledges?
edit - i should have watched the video - the app does actually prove to be quite useful.
how accurate is the voltage? i assume that there is some kind of a rectifier and a capacitors in control unit..? in finland voltage is 230 v ac, so is it ok?
is it possible to adjust the clip's height so as to match the height of the pot i'm using?
@ gozer - i don't think the app is going to be all that useful. sous vide is about cooking at one temperature for a set period of time. set and forget. it's not like you need to check the temp regularly. so you put your food in the pot, turn on the machine, then walk away go to your phone and set the temp? wouldn't it be slightly more efficient to set the temp when you put the food in? also, what good is a timer? you set your temp and walk away, go the store, play tennis or whatever - but you set the timer and it went off an hour ago and now your food has cooled down to potentially dangerous levels.  i have a gen 1 anova and love it, can't wait for this one too, but i'm not sure i see the usefulness of bluetooth. if it connected to my wireless router and i was able to check to ensure it was running at proper temperature no matter where i'm at - now that would be useful. bluetooth range is what 30ft? i can walk that pretty quickly.
hi there! looking forward to trying this anova for the first time (though i've been cooking sous vide for years). i have a few questions that i didn't see answered. would you please put these in a faq or update, or answer here? 1) the video states use the scroll wheel to set the temp and press start. can you also set the time via the wheel or is that only via the app? seems likely but want to make sure that both can be set without a smartphone. 2) what happens when the time is done? does an alarm sound on the unit? does one also sound on the smartphone app? does the unit shut off automatically, or keep circulating? 3) why does the food need to be clipped? is this to prevent it from blocking the circulator? 4) while it's not necessary to use a vacuum bag, i assume it is ok to do so? i have a foodsaver that gets a lot of use when i do sous vide, and i'll likely keep using it. 5) why the change from the full lcd display on the prior unit? thanks!
@mark williams - it happened to me as well...
just can't wait to control it via iphone. i'm also eager for the new attachment screw.
thanks for the response. i am a little disappointed the second unit will not be warranty-backed, but i can certainly understand that decision. do you have intentions to allow user-initiated firmware updates?
for the $129 pledge, when do i specify the color and voltage?
@adrian @ joseph  - yes the hacker special comes with free shipping.  the early hacker unit is a non-warranty prototype as we are still optimizing firmware code as well as getting out the first driver library for public tests.  the final unit will have a full warranty coverage.
so how does this work with the zip loc bags? do i have to squeeze the air out or something? sorry, total newbie to this :)
more pledges added for black or white. tempting.
other than the input controls and minor design update, what exactly is different from my anova 1? i see that it has less tank capacity, less, pump speed, and less heating power. why change the great touchscreen input and replace it with a scroll wheel? i'm more excited to see that you've updated the sleeve connection than anything.
@martin roy - we mostly use fedex for domestic service and dhl/usps for international depending on country
i've been wanting an anova unit for some time now.  i had no clue you were going to do a ks with a new version!  so happy to see this!  the bluetooth support will be awesome.  i can't wait.  also, very happy to see android support will be forthcoming as well.
+1 for android support. gratz for doubling the pledge amount in no-time :)
is the prototype unit for the hacker special a fully supported unit moving forward (receiving warranty support like a new unit)?
can't wait!
does the hacker special come with free shipping worldwide and in 220v?
can't wait to get this!!! maybe its too early but, regarding the shipping, do you know which carrier (usps, ups, ?) will be used for worldwide (canada in my case) ?  ideally, it would be great if you'd use usps as most other services are charging prohibitive custome brokerage fees...
looking forward to get my anova! :)
i hope there will be a full sized ipad app too, come august. i have two on the way, thanks to my mother having her arm twisted to sign up for me, and hope i'll be able to control both from one device. congratulations on your funding and thank you for making this technology more widely available.
@anova maybe you should add that to the main page and/or as an update. congrats for reaching the funding goal so quickly!
@everyone - yes there will be an android app :)
+1 for android support.
i missed the $99 :( we are original anova owners too and cant wait for this version,still in for $129!!
please confirm an android app!
1000 units sold in about an hour after seriouseats posted about it... that plan worked out well to hit minimum backer level for sure!  looking forward to the product.  :)  glad to see anova is onboard for android... not sure why that wasn't baseline!
how do you pledge for two at the $129 price point, as by time i got the email the $99 units were gone
i missed the $99! i'm a current anova user and the email came just a bit late! oh well, in for a $129....
+1 for android!
looking forward to finally getting one.  i hope someone develops a pebble app!
i'm looking so forward to this :) happy!! as pharrell would say :)
@samborys - yes ! $99 equates to a fully functional system - shipping included :)
i was going through the checkout process for the founders club only to be told that it was all gone :(
unfortunately, the email from anova came just a bit too late for me to get the $99 deal. that really sucks.
we were original anova owners too, the quality of workmanshop was amazing. this really changed my cooking habits at home, it felt like unlocking a secret code to cooking as you could really cook meat perfectly with very little skill. cannot wait to get the new one!!
can someone clarify what the $99.00 gets you?  the wording is a little awkward and i'm not sure if i'm getting a unit for $99.00 or if i'm just getting my foot in the door to get special pricing on a retail unit.
@low chong hung i think some of us received a notification from anova culinary just a few minutes ago, that might explain the sudden bump.
@android support - yes !!!!! the app will absolutely have android support !!! :)
ditto, android is a must on launch
original anova owner here, congrats on making your goal within a day! of course the device can be used without the app, but you're going to have to market it as android-compatible or you'll lose a lot of potential customers.
wow, already founded and no more 99$ units!
+1 android support is key.
+1 for android
michael delozier, that's where i found out about it.. i had looked at one of these types of devices at williams and sonoma as well as sur le table..... both were around $200 if i recall... this unit at $99 is a great deal and i can't wait to use it once its released.
+1 for android  - worldwide ios is a niche market - limiting your sales immensely
you know that you can use it without an app, right?
official android support please and also ipad support for ios.
wow! since this project launch about 5 hours ago, total pledge seem like no much movement until 1 hour ago...and now first 900 units almost gone.
+1 for android support
+1 for windows phone support...
how many people on here found out about this from the serious eats website?
i've already a v1, an amazing device but you really need two if you want to do both the meat/fish and the vegetables sous vide. for instance, salmon is perfect (to my taste) at 38°c while asparagus are at 85°c. at 99$ it's too cheap to think about it ;-)
+1 for android also... there are more galaxy phones sold now than iphones.
+1 for android support. why make a low priced cooker which requires expensive phone?
+1 for android as well. the sdk partially solves the android problem, but it's nice to have an official app.
+1 for android, must happen ;-)
if this is not a problem it would be great to integrate a timer to start cooking. we could prepare food for the perfect time after comming from work. you seem to be hitting 100k within few hours so maybe some software upgrades or something for a streatch would be possible :)
needs android support!
anova, is both 120v and 240v will ship at the same time to both us and international backers? or 120v backers will get earlier than those 240v backers?
so excited. i just bought a regular anova sous vide circulator, so i'll get to play around with it for 5-6 months before i get this one.
+1 for android.  i hope the iphone isn't compulsory otherwise i'm screwed!
@paul jenkins, you still can correct now.  still plenty of time for you to get another $99 pledge.
i left the wrong cc info. please contact me so i can give correct info  i don't want to lose out on the $99 deal. thanks, paul pejenkins@gmail.com
+1 for android support!
wow! the pledges rise as quick as with the pebble watch. this will be a great community. i hope that an app for android and windows will be developed too and all will use the same database for recipes.
+1 for android. if not then this will be the first reason for me to get an iphone :p
+1 for android support.  i guess if you include an open apk then someone will build an app but it would be nice for support from anova.  android users outnumber ios numbers today.
loving this project! please include android support.
chris, i've been browsing for circulators for quite a while. the two i bought are the same brand, both kickstarter-raised, starts with an 'sa......' they are great, reliable, really fast acting and can really circulate a large volume of water. i got two because i wanted to cook food in several temperatures (fish, meat, side dish) alongside my good old trusted pid-controller-rice-cooker setup. the circulators easily accommodate many pot or container shapes. i introduced two friends of mine (one owns a butcher shop) to sous-vide, and they both got an anova each (back when i pledged for my two circulators the anova was unavailable in 220v i think). they are reporting great results with their units. they had no problems with attaching theirs and the units are easy to control. i would not get a codlo as it requires a separate heating element such as a rice cooker or slow cooker. supposedly more versatile but imho more cumbersome. the new anova with the now early-bird price tag seems appealing with its new ios connectivity and the redesign based on user comments. hope this helps!
may i know is this model got any warranty? if yes, for how long?
@micheal cooper how do you like both your sous vide circulators? i browsed online and i remember seeing the anova circulator. i think the codlo looks interesting as well.
ohhhh yeah! good luck guys, can't wait! been cooking sous vide on improvised gear for 3 years now, and i now own two new circulators, but this one really has me going!
@lucyferror +1 i can't believe you didn't include the support for android.  android already dominate market share for smartphones for quite sometimes. :\
hi :) what about android support? i hope that's planned :)
