@elizabeth yay!!! we're happy to hear this :) hope your pup has lots of fun with it now!
woohooo my smarty pants dog finally figured it out!! lol
@tieg zaharia thank you for letting us know! we love hearing how much dogs love our toy and makes us happy to hear it. we are excited to make many more products int he future that dogs are obsessed with! thanks again for your on-going support in us, we couldn't do it without you.
@elizabeth haha! sometimes it can take time for pups to learn how to roll it around and get the treats out, but we have lots of faith your dog will get it soon. keep working at it and let us know how it goes :)
just wanna say that my dog has been obsessed with the odin since we got it. we put bigger treats in there and it takes her forever to get one out. she doesn't seem to get tired of it! :d
my "smart dog" has yet to get the concept of rolling the odin around. we shall work at it lol
@chad harrison ford hi chad thanks for letting us know. we're happy to hear casey was excited about it, but we are really sorry about him tearing it up so quickly. we would be happy to replace it right away free of charge. email us at info@updogtoys.com to let us know. we posted a backer update on friday about some dogs tearing the flaps leading to the break down of the toy. i'll link it here for you to review: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/updogtoys/the-odin-a-puzzle-dog-toy-with-a-modern-modular-de/posts/1268788 let me know if you like a replacement and also if you have any specific feedback on how the toy got torn up. we'd like to know so we can continue to improve in the future!
@josh frantz thanks for your inquiry! we recommend using zuke's mini naturals (http://www.amazon.com/zukes-naturals-treats-formula-16-ounce/dp/b000h0zjig/ref=sr_1_1…) they are small treats that fall out fairly easily and are sold at many pet stores. you can also try breaking up or crushing some of the treats in your pantry to smaller sizes and try that. that's great your cocker spaniel learned how to roll it around. thank you for taking our advice seriously and watching your pom- we want your pups to be safe. please let us know if you have any additional questions!
casey, my 60lb 13month old labradoodle received his odin yesterday.  he knew it was his even when it was still in the packaging!  unfortunately he destroyed it within the hour.  it made a great throw & fetch toy but he ripped it apart once we stopped playing.  i guess (?) that this was only meant to be a throw & fetch toy? because it's not durable enough for anything else.
any suggestions on brands of treats that work best with the odin?  i've had to use kibble, all the treats in my pantry are too large. that being said, my cocker spaniel has grasped the idea of rolling it around to get the food to fall out.  my pom goes straight for the flaps so she'll have to be watched closely.
@ripter001 thanks for letting us know. we're really sorry that this happened, our deepest apologies. we'd be happy to replace it free of charge if you'd like. we tried our best to make a safe, good toy for dogs and tested it on various breeds of different sizes, but every dog is different and there will always be issues we don't encounter until later. if you could email us at info@updogtoys.com to give us more details on how the toy came apart, we would greatly appreciate the feedback to improve upon in the future. again, we are sorry about this! -billy and michelle
i just got mine and within the hour there are chunks missing from it. i have a small pup that has never destroyed a toy before. this isn't safe for her to use.
@cris keogh we're really happy to hear this! thank you for letting us know and glad your pups are having fun :)
i just received my odin on friday, 6/12/2015 in maryland.  our pups are enjoying it.  thanks.
@emily ching thanks for completing your survey emily! we are on schedule to ship everyone's toys regardless of tier by the end of this month. we will be sending out a notification to our backers when we start the shipping process and each backer will also get a notification email when their individual reward has shipped. hope this answers your question. let us know if you have more!
hi up dog toys! i just completed the backerkit survey from your link below as i also did not receive an email. curious to know if the early backers have already received their toys or not. not sure where you guys are in your process for shipping. let me know! thanks! emily
@ james conn hi james! thanks for contacting us. yes, we are still looking good for the end of may. at this point, the only issues that may cause schedule delays is customs clearance, so crossing fingers we stay on time! regardless, we will be sure to let you and our backers know if there are any changes in the schedule. we plan on trying to pack and ship the odin out to our backers as fast as we can once our product reaches us. please let us know if you have anymore questions!
are we still looking good for end of may
if you aren't sure if you've received/filled out a survey. you can request another one by going here and filling out your email: https://updogtoys.backerkit.com/ additionally, if you've created an account with backerkit, you can sign in and see whether you need to fill anything out here: https://updogtoys.backerkit.com/master_backer_accounts/sign_in
@jessi viola you are good to go!
@vianne enriquez you completed it earlier already thanks! :)
i do not believe i have received my backerkit survey information. i checked my e-mail but could not find anything. could you re-send me the information/link? thank you!!
hi, i don't think i received the backer survey. can you please resend me the link? thank you!
@daniel takami i just checked your backer survey status and it looks like you have completed it, so you are all set to go! please let us know if you have anymore questions.
hi would you be able to check if i did my backer survey? thank you! daniel
@frank louis hi frank, it looks like you have completed your backer survey, so you are set to go. i sent your backerkit survey link through a personal message on kickstarter, so if you need to change your address at anytime before we ship, you can do so through there. please let me know if you do not receive the personal message or have problems with the link. thanks for your patience and sorry for the confusion.
hello i give up. where the heck is the backerkit to change address at? thanks frank
@jennifer lee i just checked your backer survey status and it looks like you have completed it, so you are all set to go! please let us know if you have anymore questions.
@carrie bowers i just checked your backer survey status and it looks like you have completed it, so you are all set to go! please let us know if you have anymore questions.
hi! i can't remember if i completed the backer survey or not; would you be able to check? thank you!
can you check if i completed the survey?  i thought i did but i can't find any record of it.  thanks!
@jamie pham i just checked your backer survey status and it looks like you have completed it, so you are all set to go! thanks so much for the kind words. we are getting really excited about being so close to being able to ship the toys out to our backers :) please let us know if you have anymore questions.
hey up dog toys, i'm really glad you all have been so successful! my pup and i can't wait to get the odin. is there anyway you could check to see if i answered the survey? i think i did but i'm not sure. thank you!
@mario peraza i just checked your backer survey status and it looks like you have completed it, so you are all set to go! please let us know if you have anymore questions.
i don't think i received the survey. can you resend the link? thanks!
@ke swaab hi ke, we have not mailed them out yet. we are still in production and are on schedule to mail them out to backers late may. please let us know if you have anymore questions :)
i did not receive it. did you mail them already?
@beaucaire gerard yes there is! you can use the same link that was sent to you through email to change your address anytime before we lock down our surveys. don't worry, we will send multiple notifications before we do. :) let us know if you cannot find your code and i will message you privately with a link.
is there a way i can change the mailing address after i've already done the backerkit survey? thanks in advance!
@shawna jobe we just sent a private email message to you. let us know if you don't receive it :)
@jaime hoffstetter  we just resent the survey to you and a private email message to you as well. let us know if you don't receive them :)
i'm not sure i received a backer survey either and i've checked all of my labels/boxes can they be resent?
i didn't recieve my backer survey...i've searched all my junk boxes, etc. what should i do?
@pauline thanks for the share!
this product looks like a giant odin ball! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1840739702/nose-it-pet-ball-a-toy-with-purpose-made-in-the-us
@cameron waldon your original backing amount on kickstarter has already been debited from your credit card, but if you placed an add-on order through backerkit, that will not be debited until we close out the surveys. your backerkit survey will tell you how much is owed and will be debited once we close out the surveys. hope that clarifies your question, let us know if you have more.
so for this, money hasn't already been direct debited from my credit card via amazon.com ?
@whitaker christensen: thank you! we look forward to getting them out to our backers!
nicely done guys!  looking forward to receiving the odin!
@jo: no worries about having to lower your pledge last minute :) thanks for letting us know! we are just glad to still have your support. we look forward to having your business in the future. fyi- we will be taking pre-orders now that our kickstarter is over, so whenever you have the funds available again, we will be ready for you!
i know it's down to the wire, but due to unforeseen car troubles, i have to lower my pledge. makes me sad to have to do it because i wanted my yorkie, mia, to have one. congrats on getting funded over your initial goal and i hope to be able to get her the odin once it's available for sale!
@james conn: thanks james! we're super excited over here too :)
home stretch! can't wait for this toy for my little guy
@sylvia l armitstead: thanks!! we are too! :)
so excited for this!
@elizabeth krueger: i totally agree! i've backed a lot of projects and appreciate over communication more than under communication. thanks for the advice and for supporting us!
congratulations on being funded!!  one comment: continue your efforts to regularly update your backers.  please!  i've funded projects before that have waited 10 months between updates!  very irritating!!  i think it's crucial to respect your backers by being regular and honest about your efforts & timeline.   thanks for listening, and again, congratulations!
@dee waluk-johnson: thank you so much! we are also excited to get maeve and finn their toys :)
@elizabeth: awesome! glad to hear that. thanks for your support!
and we posted to the corgi world out on fb as well.  looks like you got a little spike yesterday!  ;)
my fluffy pem maeve, and my fluffy cardi finn, can't wait to try these out!!!
great. i have a friend with the sweetest pit but she is a ravenous chewer. i thought this would be a great gift!!
@elizabeth: yes, we are confident it will. we tried hard to make the toy as durable as possible for power chewers or dogs with strong jaws like pit bulls. the material we are choosing (called tpe) is very tough, flexible and should be able to stand up to heavy use. we also made the walls of the toy thick for extra reinforcement. i hope that helped! please don't hesitate if you have more questions.
will this hold up to a pit bull ??
yeah funded!! my dog will love this!!
@robert erlick: thank you so much for increasing your pledge! we are really excited to get your pups their toys too!
just changed my pledge from 1 to 2.  my dogs are waiting for a fun toy.
@jonathan cody: yes, you can receive two. click the "manage your pledge" button, change your dollar amount to $50 and also select the $50 pledge level which has 2 units as the reward.
if i double my backing can i receive two?
yaaay! you guys are so close!
hopefully this gets funded, @wilburbeast_the_corgi wants one!
fun product. good luck, now let's get this project funded!!
this is a great project, i look forward to getting the odin for my dog oliver. when you have a chance could you please take a look at my project blessings are dogs too. good luck and best wishes
hi khalid, thank you so much for supporting and contacting us! unfortunately we only have one size right now due to cost of production (more sizes = higher cost), so we are only producing one size for the campaign. we tried our best to pick a medium size that would fit both smaller and bigger dogs for this reason. your dogs may not be able to pick the toy up in their mouth, but can still roll it around to get the treats out since all it takes is a little nudge, or even a little pounce :) we would absolutely love to offer more sizes in the future when we get up and running! if you sign up for our mailing list here we can notify you when we do make other sizes:  http://updogtoys.us8.list-manage.com/subscribe/post… hope this helped to answer your question! please don't hesitate if you have more. cheers, michelle, billy and odin
hi guys. i've just become a backer.  just wondering if you'll be offering the odin in a small and/or xsmall sizes. my dogs are quite tiny, about 2.5kg each. most dog toys are unfortunately to large for them to manage. a size fitting for very small breeds / toy breeds would be much appreciated :)
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
