hi, if you have not yet received your portal, please contact us at support@portalwifi.com.  we have a few backers that have not yet provided their shipping information as part of their backerkit survey, and are not responding to the email addresses that we have on file. we are very grateful for your generous support and want everyone to receive their portal. regards, portal customer support
i have an extra unused portal for sale if anyone want it email me dunetorch@gmail.com
david haworth +1
my portal did not reach germany yet. to say that i am not happy would be an understatement...
sad, this made me vow to never use kick starter again.
how do you get your money back?
while i've had my portal for a while now and it's been broadly fine. i and i suspect quite a few other people would appreciate some firmware updates as currently the features are very bare indeed. i personally would prefer the web interface to be fully featured, i'm not sure i really see the point in an app-based interface.
i have an extra white portal unused.anyone interested in buying  contact: mohit2890@hotmail.com
hi - please can confirm when the units will be shipped to the uk, a sudden loss of communications/updates is not providing much confidence!
my portal is starting to make me regret buying it...it will not stay on without crashing every 48 hours after this newest update! how do we get support?!?!?!
when are we getting our equipment??
still haven't received my us portal. i want a refund. this is unacceptable.
any update on uk shipments?
hello i'm zishan butt from switzerland i haven't got my portal yet. could you please tell me when i will get it? thanks
lazy me finally installed my portal today and wow, i can't believe the difference. for the past 2 years i have been using a linksys ea9200. today, i installed my portal and impressed is an understatement. i ran two test via wi-fi testing my iphone 6s and the wife's samsung note 4. iphone using linksys - download = 73.98mbps upload = 9.27mbps iphone using portal -   download = 125.27mbps upload = 16.20mbps amazing! note4 using linksys -  download = 73.91mbps  upload = 15.67mbps note 4 using portal  -  download = 125.00mbps upload = 25.02mbps another amazing! i want another one! i originally ordered 2 but only received 1 and i'm still trying to work that out. portal please contact me. thank you for an outstanding product that is not only fast but beautiful to boot :)
amazon has the portal for $149.02. which is less than i paid. perhaps i should have waited
i am like greg. still got nothing
wow, lots of negative stuff on here so i’m thinking i should share my positive experience to help the balance a bit. give some hope to those still waiting for units. the wireless in my house has been consistently brutal since i moved in several years ago. it’s ridiculously congested and has major drop-out issues. late evening in particular is the “witching hour”, with repeated drop-outs most nights. i’ve tried multiple routers, upgrading each time, but with minimal improvement. the last two have been the reboot of the linksys wrt1900ac and most recently the netgear nighthawk x6 r8000. with each i’ve tried all manual and automatic channel options. scanning tools always consistent congestion across most channels. the nighthawk has been the best as far as fewer dropouts, but performance is still poor. my internet connection is advertised as a 150mbps service. an internet speed test with my provider run from a wired desktop averages 160mbps down and 12mbps up. the best i can get from a pc in my kitchen wirelessly connected to the nighthawk is 33mbps regardless of 2.4 or 5ghz networks. i did not have unrealistic expectations that the portal would be able to do all of the advanced features of way more mature products/manufacturers. i bought it hoping it could be the device to finally eliminate my wireless connectivity issues. i set the portal up in bridged mode attached to my existing nighthawk, making it a high-speed access point versus a router replacement. now from that same kitchen pc i get almost the exact same down/up speed as being wire connected directly to the nighthawk - ~160/12mbps down/up consistently. my kids never complain anymore about being kicked out of fifa games on our xbox, streaming no longer drops constantly. so for me it’s worked exactly as advertised: way better performance and reliability in a congested environment. for that purpose it’s doing way better than all of the other, more expensive routers i’ve tried. it doesn’t have all of the configuration options i would need to completely replace my wireless network, but i didn’t have that expectation. so my summary is: if better performance through congestion is your requirement i’d highly recommend it. if you also want fully featured firewall/advanced routing capabilities, you will probably be disappointed. at least until the firmware matures more. i’m just happy i finally have wireless that works.
hello i still not have my portal! can you respond me please? thanks
service: att uverse 45mbps (tv and internet only) number of devices on att network: 6 (3 phones, 1 laptop, 1 xbox, 2 iot devices) number of devices on portal 5.0 ghz network - 1 (desktop) number of devices on portal 2.4 ghz guest network: 0 (nothing) i was sold on the no-buffering aspect for portal but unfortunately, that hasn't been my experience. it's extremely hard to watch youtube without the video buffering 5 secs in. the only way i can watch any streaming is to lower the resolution to either 480p or 360p. i'm hoping this is a software issue that can be resolved via a hotfix, but i'm just hoping at this point. online gaming while on portal's network causes issues too. i get frequent pauses in wow. swap to the main att wireless network and i'm fine.
setting up a wired mesh for 2 portal's in bridge mode was the only way i can get it working with verizon fios and that doesn't work like its intended to. bridge mode the guest wifi doesn't route, unable to access the internet. band steering doesn't function correctly and leaves my devices on 2.4ghz which has more interference since i can't change the channel. i want a refund as well. anyone want to buy the portal for $130 shipped let me know. email at visionari3s@hotmail.com
i have an extra black portal unused (still in box). only looking to get back what i paid for it which was $159. anyone interested to buy it please email me at vancouvernina@gmail.com
the continued speed fluctuation issues with my portal devices and the loss of connectivity with my devices (laptops and ring doorbell) have caused me to replace my portal devices with another solution which has been working without issue for the last two weeks.  i want to return my devices and get a refund of my money, since the products are not performing as they were marketed.
@creator i still have not received my portal. can you please respond to this, pm or otherwise?
@creator is there any optimizations you can and will do to improve the antenna range? considering the number of antennas it has onboard, it's really unfortunate that it's not performing better. it has the lowest range i've had the pleasure of owning i'm afraid...
purchased 3 portals, the router is totally unstable. when rebooting it doesn't get a wan ip automatically. have to reboot both the portal and modem multiple times to have a wan ip. tried using 2 portal for mesh in bridge mode as ap, the 2nd ap has signal issues and keeps going offline, guest wifi doesn't route in bridge mode either. overall this is a pos with overhyped marketing. save your money and get a eero. if anyone is still interested i'll sell all 3 for a deal.
i have not received my portal, and my pm has not been serviced for months... since it is hard to ship one to me, may i ask for a refund based on what you have suggested in the first pm?
any updates on openwrt support?
@mohammed - thanks for the note. team will reach out directly shortly.
@creator, i have been working with support from atleast nov 19, there has not been a solution to either of my two problems. i would greatly appreciate it if you guys can respect my patience and cooperation by replacing the portals, one black and one white. my devices no longer want to connect to the portals as the signal fluctuates so badly that the devices don't consider it to be stable. i am willing to give portal another shot before i give up and request a refund. i'm the only tech savvy person at home. i have travel planned internationally for february 8th, and i cannot leave my 4 infants at home in winter where my whole house is dependant on wifi. home security, vonage devices, baby monitors, nest thermostats as i have a dual system and more things to state here. i want to make sure they aren't stranded at home and i don't want have to put them up in a hotel like last time, while i'm away from work for a few weeks at the least. thank you so much for your help.
@ned - glad to hear the problem is resolved with a modem reset.
@lindsey - sorry to hear about your experiences. team will reach out to you directly.
@kevin - thanks for the feedback; your signal strength should not fluctuate. can you please let us know the details? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new good suggestion for the app for bands for each device, will look into how we add that in.
@shawn - you can use two portals now. the support for 2 portals was added in november. here is a good list of the features and their timeline: https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/229985987-portal-feature-timelines
@jack - correct. dhcp reservation with alias was added as part of the new firmware.
@steven - the feature you are referring to is called ap steering. this feature is on the roadmap and currently targeted for may 2017.
wanting to sell:  i was an early adopter us and canada but i still cannot figure out how in the heck to get this dang thing to work. if anyone is interested in purchasing this unit from me i will gladly pay shipping and am asking the $139 i paid. it was out of the box for a total of maybe 1 day, and i cannot stand it. i'm usually pretty tech savvy but this portal is just giving me a headache.
are other users experiencing significant signal strength fluctuations?   i continue to have issues with my portal network (2 portals connected with mesh), where the signal strength continues to fluctuate greatly, and causes some of my attached devices to lose their connectivity.  the only solution i have found so far is to reboot both portal routers.  this is not a good long-term solution.
is there any way in the portal app (either mobile app or web app) you can see what band the connected devices are operating on? the single ssid “in theory” is a great idea. i have found when trouble shooting performance issues the single ssid becomes a big problem.  you cannot tell which band you are working on except by guessing based on the network speed.
the 01/19 update when applied to my portal network caused it to lose connectivity with my cable modem.  it was necessary to reboot the cable modem and then the portal devices.
my portal is not working after what i guess is the latest update. ticket is in. no wifi, no lan access. anyone else having a similar issue
i never received my portal :(
can we get a firm answer as to when we can expect to use more then 2 portals?
did you guys give us the ability to give an alias name for dhcp reservation in the new update? i don't remember anywhere where i could change a name before. is that something new in this firmware?
curious about any possible improvements for handoff in a mesh network?  the cnet review called out sluggish handoffs, which i've noticed myself, and hoping a firmware update will improve this soon.
@movie - here are the portal features in the new release: https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/229985987-portal-feature-timelines here is the change log for 1.2.115: https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001357868-firmware-version-1-2-115
feature update?
@all: happy new year! here's the latest on the next firmware image: we found a critical issue for the ddns feature, have identified the root cause, and testing the fix. current eta for next firmware image is january 19th. apologies for the delay; we want to make sure the release is solid before release.
will portal update features today?
i have an extra white portal unused.anyone interested to buy contact: mohit2890@hotmail.com
ps4 has to be a "slim" model or a pro model.  these models recognize 5ghz channel, where fastlanes operates.
how do i get my ps4 on the hd channel..it doesn't even see it....?
please add an physical on off switch for wifi
i used my portal about three days and learned it was no better than my old router in speed, reach of the network and connecting to the internet. it mainly failed. � and after reading not many positive but mainly negative comments, i decided to save me the frustration and put the portal in the trash. next time finnish a product before going to production.
i absolutely hate mine, nothing but headaches and drama.  hopefully i can get a refund.
absolutely love mine.  zero difficulties or drama. thank you!!!
still waiting for news on my router. backer #984 eu early adopter...
super early backer that got both my routers. i live in high in an apartment building near an international airport. my portals mesh nicely. the signal of just one portal actually reaches the furthest corner of the apartment at 32mbps (crazy given no signal on other ac or acn routers). i see regularly 433 mbps on the 5ghz channel.... but that's it. i see it. can't use it, but i see it. we can stream maybe one show before i don't get any signal at all. even the lan lines are unstable. i end up just defaulting to our other acn router with my tablet (that can access 5ghz, tv cannot) and screen sharing with my tv. sucks though while i access only 90% of my tv screen with screen sharing and a weaker signal cause the other router is piggy backing off the portal so it's normal robust signal is less robust. all while i wishfully see the 433 mbps on the portals. leaving them plugged in in hopes i'll wake up to an update that allows us to actually connect to those wonderfully fastlanes with consistency and stableness...............   ...... ....  ..  .
hello, i still haven't received my router . thanks khalifa alshamsi
how to i mash two router wireless?
anyone in or near ottawa, canada that is willing to sell their portal cheap, please let me know.  i specified the location as i don't want shipping costs to be a major issue. i have one and i am interested in getting a second one but can't pay too much. thanks...
ok so now i have 3 portals, they come cheap because people are dropped by them on a local online marketplace. so by now i know you can't add more than two portals. i have replaced my router for a portal and two portals are bridged. the only way to get everything working is to use a different brand router and add all 3 portals one by one via the "add new portal" button. this way you will have to change portal to have access to all of them via the app. the router build in is bad. it blocks certain traffic (ip camera, upnp, home automation systems etc.). i put in an old linksys e2000 running dd-wrt. this way it's somehow stable. i do need to restart the portals once every two days. the problems start by slow netflix and apple tv connection errors. later the network just stops. so please portal, just admit the problems and update us on known issues and work arounds. we do understand it's a new product with starter issues but we do need some trust or people will move one to other solutions and keep complaining destroying the good name portal had when it began. br, jeroen from the netherlands.
@carl we live in an apartment building that's all concrete walls and the portal has significantly improved our 5ghz signal and also our 2.4ghz signal has gotten better distance.
lots of complaints here, many good reviews on amazon. what am i to believe? i've yet to get mine because they are at my place in the states. i plan on using them in a building made of concrete walls, any ideas from those of you that have been using yours whether they will work or not?
i am not happy with the portal. can i return it ? it does not work for me.
@movie i'm just looking to get back what i paid for them
what's your price shawn?
another day and another instance of my portals not working. i've now unplugged it for a second time and i'm done with this piece of shit. i've asked for a full refund but if i don't get one anyone looking for extra portals? i have 4 of them that i want nothing to do with
when will the winners of holiday giveaway be announced?
just heard that that support for mesh for more then a 2nd portal is months away. i love how during the campaign when i asked questions on multiple portals not a single word was mentioned we would be limited to just 1 and have to wait months for more. even made mention i was buying 4 after told they would work great. just another lie and bs this campaign was full of. just a crappy router with not even basic features and an app that doesn't work. i've asked for a full refund but if i don't get it i'm offloading all of mine @dave and anyone interested in extra portals i have 4 for sale. 3 white and 1 black, just looking to get back what i paid for this mistake email me @ shawnb9966@gmail.com
@shawn.  would love to take one off your hands.  how can i pm you?
i've had a pretty good experience with my portal router and had a chance to give some insight on a podcast.  if anyone hasn't gotten theirs yet and wanted to some initial impressions feel free to check out this video. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
again after setting up mesh i can't connect via the app also when will we be able to use more then 2 portals? you sold me 4 yet i can't even use half of them, really regret every backing this. anyone looking for extra portals? i'm willing to offload all of mine, 3 white and 1 black, with 2 not even opened since we can't even use them yet
is there a way to boost the signal? although portal has 10 antennas i have a way worse signal then before with a 7 year old cheap b-quality wifi router. over a couple of meters i lose 50% of my signal strength while the only obstacle is a simple plywood door... i hope there is a way to resolve this otherwise i'm stuck with a router that has no use to me.
can you please look into my lost/never received portal? thanks
@david - i do not understand your comment: is it weird to be billed by ups for vat or just my idea that idl paid vat by their importer? your short "i (...) based here was!" means "i here in uk was charged by ups for vat" to me - right?
@marc - assuming you are based in the uk that's weird - i (not anyone else in the comments) based here was !
@ignition design labs - does everybody get individually charged by ups a service fee and vat? i thougt importation would have been done collectively by your importer in uk.
have yet to recieve mine any uodates please??
the lack of features on these routers is a joke. when can i expect even half the features of my old asus router? also how much longer will i be limited to with only a 2nd router to mesh with, i bought more for a reason i'd like to use them. specially since we all were mislead about the fastlanes not working with a lot of devices, the least you can do is give us the mesh
@peta jäger - i've just set up my portal for the first time tonight (in bridge or ap mode) and tried setting up the guest mode feature and experienced the same thing.  it connects to the ssid fine but doesn't get to the internet.  dd you ever hear back from portal?
those having slowness issues.... turn off your computer, then your modem, then portal and restart modem, portal and computer in that order waiting 2 mins between each thing you restart! it did indeed correct my issues
mesh not working for my 2 portals �. using iphone 6s plus and it takes forever begore i get a mesh failed message...  also, it would be nice to get graphics support for the iphone plus versions.. looks horrible with iphone 5 resolution on a 6s plus
i have a really old modem so i think that is why my connection drops constantly. right? can i get a little feedback on this one please?
hello portal, i have written before but have received no answer so here i go again....i received one of the two portals i ordered and i'm wondering when number two will arrive? it's been four or five weeks now and still no answer. any assistance will be greatly appreciated.
will i need an independent modem with this router? and if so, what's a good brand?
i just wanted to say tha i dont understand why some people have trouble with the service but at the moment i cant complain about anything. when i have a problem i just go on the app and support and submit a ticket, it take me like 5 min and each time (at the moment) they answered me the next day. they even did a test environnement to test a bug i summited and confirmed me that they found it too so they can go forward with it. just wanted to say thx and sry for those who are having issue with the services. if you have question then use the ticket in the apps its really easy and fast.
i purchased 3 portals on the understanding that i would be able to put them all into the same mesh network. however the latest release only supports 2 portals. i have raised a support ticket but no one has got back to me. i have also tried to follow advice from others who have managed to achieve this, but it's not working for me https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/community/posts/115000012968-mesh-for-more-than-2-routers- can anyone help?
hey guys, is there a way to force a device to the 2.4g network using the shared ssid feature? i have 3 wireless cameras and for some reason 1 of them are attached to the 5g network, the other 2 are on the 2.4
just a heads up, if you're having issues putting a ticket in on the website is the quicker way to go. i reported an issue and had a follow up email in less than an hour earlier this week.
@idl, could you please reply on the issues mentioned below?
@david i'm having the same problem now !  been rebooting/resetting my internet provider box + portals many times now because my internet speeds is seriously bad !  i'm having 380mbps on average but now, i would be lucky having 40/50.... upload speed is the same.
portal works great here, but the guest network does not have any internet connection. can not figure out how you set that. anyone with the same problem. (other ssids work ok).
after a flawless first week i had to reboot my portal twice to get the network working properly again during week 2. are there any known issues that can cause this?
anyone having problems connecting the app after setting up mesh? tried restarting the portals and force closing the app but nothing seems to work.
because the portal wifi range isn't good enough, comparing to my old dlink ac 1750 router, i bought a ac range extender from fritz! did some speedtests afterwards and even on my 2nd floor i reached a 50-60 mbit signal.
cannot add the 2nd portal to create a mesh network. constantly getting "warning: failed to update network info" when it's at the step "adding portal to your network" i've reset both portals to factory settings, and they are updated to the latest firmware. i've also tried swapping the portals, trying each one as the "mesh" router, to no avail. any ideas?
@idl i agree with @arnoud  any ways/plans to increase it ? seems like two portals have less coverage than my old asus router... (in mesh) thanks in advance.
@idl is there a way to increase the transmission power?
@jeroen... yes my various ip cameras have all stopped working since moving to portal... portal is in bridge mode with isp router wi-fi now disabled... i haven't had time to investigate...
i have two portals setup. must say the wifi range isn't as good as my engenious eap3660's on 2.4ghz.  i got one more issue. since i moved from my isp router (is now bridged) to portal i have some issues. my home automation system can't always be reached correctly. i noticed portal puts everything in the mac filter, i'm afraid this is causing issues although all stuff in there is enabled. anyone else trouble reaching equipment after moving to portal? second question : why does each portal has two ip addresses?
thomas, you can order a second portal from amazon us which accepts to ship it to europe . the only issue will be the plug adaptor ( according to idl support) i should get mine in france by the end of the week .
@idlteam, any possibility of a future range extender or something smaller that could utilize the fastlanes and mesh with portal? that would be of more interest to me than another full size portal. there is just one corner room in my house that does not get a signal.
correction: having the 2nd portal bridged with band steering with fastlanes.
ok. finally was able to set up mesh. i just let portal stay connected to my first portal yesterday night. since i was unable to check for an update through the app. so it updated to the latest firmware sometime last night while i was asleep. and now i have finally set up mesh. but yesterday when i was bridging i was thinking how i could use band steering with the 2nd portal if i end up just bridging it. that way i'll be able to have a device such as my phone stay on one ssid. but idk. any issues with this?
got me eu uniti....any place where sombody could order aditional eu units ?
is it possible to connect a fritzbox in the mesh of cause the fritzbox doesnt know fastlanes :-)) but extend wifi range a bit
i got my 2 portals meshed up. unit 1 found an upgrade which was completed then i followed the instructions as in the youtube video by portal : lan cable from unit 1 lan to unit 2 wan port, then use the ios app to click on the + besides the unit 1. ios then had this animated screen asking me to wait for a couple of minutes. i left it alone and maybe 15min later i checked and all is well and good. removed lan cable from unit 2, and all is still working well
from below post: i'm having troubles setting up mesh. tried to update 2nd portal by registering it as a new portal. everything is accessible but when i try to "check for update" manually it says "failed to check for update." updating portal through mesh or as a new portal is not possible for me. when i do set up the 2nd portal through mesh, it gets to 100% completion but for some reason ends up with "upgrade failed." anyone else had/having troubles? any help would be appreciated.
i tried every possible thing i can try. even tried resetting the 2nd portal to factory defaults, registering it as a new portal (not through mesh). get "failed to update" when i try to manually "check for update"
how can i purchase an additional unit?
@lorenzo did you do a factory reset to both portals or just 2nd portal that's being added to mesh? atm, i factory resetted my 2nd portal and unplugged all other cables from portal. upgrading but hopefully it's successful. i did factory reset before on the 2nd portal but did not try unplugging other cables because i was lazy about it. hopefully this works.
i did a factory reset like dr from germany, i also disconnected all other cables from the routers.  i added the 1st portal to the mobile app and then added the 2nd portal successfully.  now i am trying to find the right spot for my 2nd portal.
hi germany mesh working after factoryreset!
@ ming  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/categories/203967167-advanced-setup
how did any of you get the directions to setup the mesh?
my portal received the mesh update last night. i did not check the version number, but i received a notification from the ios portal app this morning at 5:00 am est ios app was updated yesterday to support mesh. looking forward to trying it tonight.
it looks like in order to get the update you need to have your 2nd portal hooked up to your first portal.  i attached my 2nd portal and immediately a update was required.  i have updated the both portals did a reboot to be safe but now it will not mesh.  i keep getting an error "failed to update network information".
those of you who have gotten the mesh update what version app and router firmware are you showing.  where do you reside (state, country)?  my app says 1.0.65 and router says portal-1.4.96 - prod-1.2.73.  i live in the pacific nw (washington state) and have not gotten the update for mesh.  i've rebooted my portal and check the app store but no updates have been received or available.  just wondering if it is being rolled out slowly by region.
there is a new update for the portal units itself mine is now showing 1.2.80
over night my two portals got the "mesh"-update and the [+] sigh in the app is now available....
hi. finally got my portal and i must say the difference is more than a step change. the wifi speed is up multifold. great work!
peter - mesh firmware has not been released yet
downloaded the new app to enable mesh. i don't get the + next to my existing portal. anyone?
nevermind... fixed it with installing synology assistant
i am pretty happy overall, but my synology diskstation does not work with the portal. it is connected directly.
@steve. thanks for the write up. i like the scenarios you developed. do you know if the portal app walks you through which scenario you are in?  i believe most people will not know will not know if they are in scenario 3.
i'm in the same situation as david. i also live in an appartment with lots of other wifi signals and have seen a considerable speed increase in both download and upload speeds when in the same room as the portal. however in our bedroom, which only has 2 walls in between i have no coverage at all. this is the same with our regular router (kpn xperia v10), however i was hoping that the portal would improve it somewhat.
do we get a firmware update with meshsupport today?
i've now had my portal up and running for a week and i'm overall really very happy! my only gripe is its reach/coverage. is this something we can expect to see improve over time through firmware updates? my experience before & after: we live in a 12 story apartment building and everyones wifi connections plus the heavy device load within our own family had big negative impact on the speed and stability overall. it regularly got so bad that we had to reset modems and router. our original setup was an apple airport extreme + ziggo connect box (cable providers cable modem. few month ago we started using both wifi connections to share the load, which did improve things.  however at night + mornings i could still only reach around 110 mbit/s on our 150 mbit/s connection plan, while during evenings and weekends it was rarely more than 85 - 98 mbit/s. with the portal i'm almost reaching a constant 140 - 153! mbit/s from within our living room where the portal is situated. the only downside we experience is the coverage of the signal. even though we live in a single level apartment and the portal has 10 antennas, we lose connection at our bathroom and babyroom which are only 2 walls away (one being a concrete carrying wall) at about 5 - 7 meters from the portals location. the airport didn't do much better, but the cable providers modem had no trouble reaching every room while only having 2 internal antennas.
i see a lot of people are confused about fastlanes, and i wish idl would provide more guidance. but maybe i can help. first, let's clarify exactly what fastlanes are, and what they are not.  the name is a bit of misnomer; they aren't actually any faster than any other "lane".  they are channels on the 5g spectrum which portal is the only router licensed in the us/europe to be allowed to use.  their biggest benefit will come if you live in a densely populated area (say, an apartment building) where there are so many neighboring wifi networks that all of the otherwise available channels are in use, which will cause interference that slows down your wifi signal no matter what channel your router may try to use. so, with that said, there are exactly 4 scenarios you can find yourself in, and only in 1 scenario would turning off fastlanes be advised.  for all of the below scenarios, i'm going to assume that you have at least one device which can't use any fastlanes. in all cases, i'm going to suggest using a single ssid. when doing so, adaptive band steering (released with the last firmware update) will move each device to the best spectrum for that device.  the last thing i want to point out is that the only devices which support *none* of the fastlanes are streaming devices for movies/tv.  these actually don't require much of your bandwidth.  according to netflix's recommendations (https://help.netflix.com/en/node/306), hd requires only 5mbps while 4k is 25mbps. to put this in perspective, portal is an ac3200 router, technically capable of delivering 3200mbps (though in the real world you'll never see that).  either way, there's a ton of room for reduced throughput without impacting your viewing experience.  (the higher throughput the router is capable of is more for large transfers inside of your network.) now, let's dive in to our scenarios: 1) 2.4g: uncrowded; 5g: uncrowded: keep fastlanes on. they won't help you, but they won't hurt you. your devices which can't use fastlanes will just use the 2.4g network. this network has farther range than 5g anyway, and vastly more than enough throughput for video streaming. 2): 2.4g: uncrowded; 5g:crowded: keep fastlanes enabled. the devices which can use fastlanes will get some advantage on the 5g network if they need to do large internal transfers. devices which can't use them will go to the 2.4g network which isn't crowded, and will work great. 3): 2.4g: crowded; 5g: uncrowded: this is the one scenario where you'll want to disable fastlanes. the devices which don't support them will fall back to a crowded 2.4g spectrum and you may lose a lot of throughput. on the other hand, with the 5g spectrum being uncrowded, the fastlanes buy you nothing extra, so let all of your devices use the uncrowded "normal" 5g channels. 4): 2.4g: crowded; 5g: crowded: leave fastlanes enabled. there's nothing you can do about the devices which don't support fastlanes. they'll be bogged down by interference as they would be on any other router, though the portal will try and pick the best possible channel. at least your devices that *can* use the fastlanes will be able to run unimpeded! one last thing i should mention: if you have devices that can use one of the compatibility modes other than c (the only one that disables *all* fastlanes), then go ahead and use that. it will still mean that all of your devices can use fastlanes, just not every particular fastlane. i hope this helps!
@marc - i believe that is the case however, i don't see any definitive answer on the portal support website.  the support site states the compatibility modes but doesn't list the trade-offs. i agree with you.  i expected devices to use fastlanes if they can but automatically drop down to 5 ghz as a fall back and then to 2.4 ghz as a last choice. from what i can piece together, if you wanted certain non-fastlane devices to use 5 ghz (but not fastlane) you would need compatibility mode c which totally disables fastlanes for all devices. as an alternative, you can disable compatibility mode and those non-fastlane devices will only use 2.4 ghz.  the fastlane devices will continue to use fastlanes. most of the products i see as non-compatible are the media streamers (roku, firetv etc) that would benefit the most from using fastlanes or 5 ghz. that's my 2 cents
it finally arrived to spain. wifi it's super fast but sadly i need to use my old modem as bridge because it doesn't work directly with optical fiber.
hi could you please update me with the status of my order?
any news in european delivery? i'm still waiting to get my portal. and i also would like a confirmation: is it true that fastlanes are disabled if one device needs comparability mode c? how stupid would that be? i bought portal for one single reason, wifi throughput and nothing else. let's hope i don't need it if that's the case.
@robert l. - can you please share your setup details? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@crispypete - can you please share your setup details? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@shawn b. - we are maintaining a list of devices requiring compatibility mode at the link below. please add devices that you know off that require compatibility mode to help the entire community. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/230886168-list-of-devices-for-compatibility-mode
@mohammad - apologies for your experience and agree what you faced is not acceptable. i see that the team is actively working with you and we will ensure you are online promptly.
@dave g. - all our support content is on the website. happy to help answer any questions via the support community, knowledge base, search, or via a support request. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us
@jeffrey t. - please use compatibility mode c for your amazon firestick to work in 5ghz.
@stephan k. - ipv6 is definitely planned, likely in jan. time frame. we will update exact date on the  feature timeline page. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/229985987-portal-feature-timelines
@chris g. - what you are experiencing is not normal. can you please share your setup details? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@dave g. - cold, including below 30f, should not be a problem. let us know your specific setup and we can help take a look.  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
i just set up my portal and i am only getting 25 mbps dl speed on my sony xperia z3 compact. i made sure this was not because of peak hour congestion on my isp side. i am getting full 50 mbps on my desktop pc when connected via ethernet cable. any ideas?
mine arrived in the uk this week. connected up and was really pleased with the increased performance downstairs (next to where the broadband comes in). used speedtest.net and using the virgin routers wifi getting c.85mbps, using portal 200+mbps (what i am actually paying for!). a little disappointed with the range, the pcs/laptop upstairs and in the loft not getting anywhere near that and depending on the age of the device (e.g. lenovo x201 in the loft) actually getting c.30mbps on the existing birgin 5ghz wifi vs.  c.7mbps on portal. early days but will keep and eye on and see how it goes.
the biggest disappointment with fastlanes is the number of devices that don't work with them. i don't remember a word about roku's or many other devices we have not working with fastlanes but i'm many like myself mentioned those devices specifically in comments with no mention of any issues. feels like we were mislead half the promised features aren't even implemented yet, this has been a disappointment all around.
yes, compatibility mode c disables fast lanes. but i honestly don't see much of a point in doing that. i just have a single ssid and my roku, which can't see any fast lanes, just connects to the 2.4g radio. devices which can connect to the fast lanes do.
@ chris. correction in my previous post "... fast lanes will be deactivated for all other devices?" basically that one common device will dictate fast lane availability for entire network?
@chris - thanks again. so basically if you have a device that requires compatibility mode c (like many that have amazon fire sticks), fastlanes (one of the main attractions of portal) will be deactivated?
@ creator, getting people away from commenting here to start support tickets seemed like we were personally going to be taken care of. but 5-7 days go by without a single response. also for somethings you guys simply state, "we are looking into it" the "looking" never seems to come to a solution!!!!! i would like my issues solved, otherwise i would respectfully like my refund. you promised the portal working with everything fancy right out of the box, didn't tell us we will be the test trial in you figuring it out on a test group!(all the backers!!) i spent a whole day without internet because the router just stopped working. i have 4 infants at home, and it's getting very cold here due to winter. i have a smart home. all of our "baby monitors went off line (we have 5). and we had to resort to using portable heaters as both of my nest thermostats, went offline and could no longer heat the house. this is beyond insane!!! i'm not willing to risk my children's lives to get a router to work. i understand you guys running into snags. you're working hard. but if you offer to help. make sure your "team" does try to follow through. don't promise to help then just abandon us. i was beyond excited for portal, having suffered 11 years of horrible wi-fi. at this moment rather go back to that then deal with portal. my entire enjoyment of using the portal has gone down the drain.
@jeffrey in compatibility mode a or b fastlanes are turned on for limited channels. c turns them off. sadly i have to use c as my vizio tv and roku can't see any of the dfs channels.
i have been hard at work trying to implement the two portals i purchased. my request of service support is long and mostly unresolved. i thought that the product had potential and would make my home network more efficient - it has not! nothing works - and what i have figured out how to be some basic functionality has come from long hours of trial and error. and yet, i am tired of it. how do i and with whom do i have to communicate with to bring the agony to and end!
@chris - thanks for trying to answer my question however that links just tells me what mode to use for these devices.  it doesn't tell me what happens to fastlanes when you select that compatibility mode.
@jeffrey when you adjust compatibility mode in the app there is s site they outlines what works with each mode. this the link https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/230886168-list-of-devices-needing-compatibility-mode
@creator and fellow backers.  is there a manual?  i would like to play with settings, but not quite sure what they do.   thanks.
just got mine. haven't checked the transfers yet but it feels blazingly fast.
finally receive it ! thks can i ask you how you choose this "red" and decide to make a special pledge?  that will perhaps help me to understand and "like it". anyway i can hide it behind my wardrobe but hope it will good work in my house because for reselling... little thought to the people that receive red portal and have odered a white or black (see in previous post).
200 mbps on 5 ghz
got it! (netherlands). works like a charm. never had faster internet. finally get what i pay for (200 mbps/s, wireless), with several wifi repeaters almost in the entire house.
just received tracking for delivery tomorrow (to the netherlands). finally, after 2 months having a broken router. xd
hello idl - i have reached out to support but haven't gotten clear answer.  maybe this comment section will be more helpful.  if i know that i have devices that don't support fastlanes (amazon firetv stick), what compatibility mode should i use (if any). ideally - i would to be able to use fastlanes for devices that support it and if the device doesn't support fastlanes, use 5ghz.  thanks.
only one thing: please integrate ipv6. i can't work with my macbook- opening pages takes ages. but all other devices are running like bolt.
@ creator, if we have not recieved a tracking code after today, should we be worried?
@portalteam, the app also does not work when your portal is down. my portal went down sunday morning after the software update. i had to reset my portal and redo my entire settings, now again this morning my portal is down. this is a very disturbing trend. i have plugged my computer directly into my modem and i have internet with no problem that way. at this point in time after multiple days now with this down i feel it is time to return this router and get a refund.
dear portal-wifi team, seems something went wrong with ups last week but yesterday i received my black portal. well it is a simple plastic box, very light. i didn't expect too much. yesterday the result was ok but not overwhelming. i connected it with the fritzbox in the middle of my house - connected with a 20 meter cable. speed was around 100 mbps (with a 200 mbps) - but connection was everywhere stable. still i was not so happy - as 50% of the speed available was lost. so i connected it to the fritzbox (which is in the attic) with a 1.5 meter cable - and the result is that one floor down the speed is over 200 mbps and on first floor there is still 100 mbps. i can't be more happy with this and thank you for your hard work. every cent and every day of waiting was worth it. good job. hope you will be very successful and sell a lot of these portals. i can tell you that i will suggest to my friends your product. thank you a lot.
@creator.  not sure if update is my issue but having some lagginess with my portal.  brand new, wasnt there just 48 hours ago.  we are also having some cold weather and its in the garage.  can it handle cold?  like below 30 degrees f? thanks
okay thanks, thought it was the feature and already included ;-)
i'm really getting tired of this!!! i still do not have my portal and i was told that i would get a new tracking number (which i have not received yet).  i live in canada and would like my portal asap!!  i have sent 3 private messages because i don't like to bad mouth creators but this is getting tiring.  i can't do anything on their website as i do not have a mac address.  i thought this would be a good thing to back but now i am questioning if that was a good idea.
adaptive band steering is working great so far!
@dr we just shot a video today on mesh. :) we will have it up as soon as its ready. initial mesh support coming in the app as well to prepare for mesh firmware.
@dr, the mesh feature will be in the next update. hopefully something will be written up by the time it is available.
i would be very glad if somewhere is written how to mesh up two portals. i simply cant get to work both in one app. btw impressiv 5ghz but very sad 2,4 networkrange and speed.
@levy - port forwarding has already been in the firmware. plex is also being used by many - see this post: https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/community/posts/224065567-setting-up-plex-server-with-portal
is portal meant to speedup broadband?
@levy - i am not official (consider using support.portalwifi.com for that), but i think you may have been waiting for the upnp support which was just added in the firmware release yesterday.  that keeps you from having to do more manual port forwarding (which i think has been present in the web interface since initial firmware); upnp allows applications (such as plex) to automatically configure port-forwarding on routers without the user needing to do it.
in the latest road map - i see no mention of port forwarding - i see port triggering - they are not the same? right?  i have been waith to install my second portal on being able to use port forward for my plex - when will that happen!?
what is going wrong with ups? still no change when tracking my parcel. since 30th november they have not even picked up. ignition design laps, please check: 1zay18536893657955
hello how do i return my pledge?
works great!!!  love it!!
@chris - recommend power cycle and use app again to set compatibility mode to c (dfs off). if you still have problems, let's talk over a support ticket.  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
quick question for you. i have compatibility mode turned off. however, after this most recent firmware my portal seems to be planted on channel 100. right now that keeps my roku and 3 echo dots off the 5 ghz channels. oh and my vizio m series too. any suggestions? prior to this i was on channel 36 all the time with no issue.
@chris the app will tell you the portal version without having to go into the web interface.
@chris... hahaha sorry mate you will be bombarded by the kickstarters gurus soon.
did anyone else's go down with the software update overnight? very annoyed that i can't get into the back end of the router without going through a web site. thinking about just returning it or cancelling the transaction on my credit card. this router is nothing of what it promised (still buffers when watching a movie and someone else is using a different computer).
hi i only receive one of two red portal can you remedy plz.
thanks for the feedback biren... and hmmz, was hoping for a great product.  still, new features beeing added all the time, so i'll give this a chance �
installed my portal this morning. exactly on the same wallspot (near stairs / open space) as my former dlink 868l router (ac 1750 dual band). the screwholes are not in the right place, so i had to hang the portal up-side-down, with the cable entries pointing downwards. was very curious if the portal could extend my wifi range on the first - and second floor, because the dlink router didn't do that job very well. when i took my ipad and iphone upstairs and switched between the chanels, i couldn't see any improvement in wifi signal. i think i have to buy another portal to mesh up and have wifi all over the place.....
problème résolu setup ok
my portal to germany seems not to be picked up by ups. it is said that "a ups shipping label has been created. once the shipment arrives at our facility, the tracking status--including the scheduled delivery date--will be updated" since 30th november - no movement.
@alvaro - can you please let us know which android phone and your setup? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@jeroen - what's your setup? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@biren - what's your setup?  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@eirik...i have used apple router this one is no were closer to that yet.... i am not sure how much the software updates are going to help hope the future is bright.... the portal is way behind what's already available in the market today... but the technology they take about makes a lot of sense but i am not sure if it had been implemented or just theory as it has not been any better than the router provided by my isp provider which is only £20 to buy. i feel they promised a lot and delivered nothing yet
received mine in the netherlands.  setup was slow but good. by default it does setup like a router with a dhcp server so my wireless devices are on a different subnet (192.168.8.#). still have to find how to set it up as an access point (dhcp disabled). the wireless range is ok but not much improved over my ziggo (isp) connect box (build by fritzbox). in my opinion the portal is too big. i also think the connections should get a metal shield because they look very cheapy plastic. looking forward to future updates. best regards, jeroen
any body wanting second unit please message me i am willing to sell mine as it has not improved speed or range over my sky hub
@portal.  would like to get a second unit now that mesh feature is active.  do early backers get any discount? thanks!
ups did a good track and trace. information was right.. the portal feels really light o_o..
hi biren, i haven't got mine yet, but would be nice to know about speed, range and stability.. i want a router like the apple ones that can run for months without the need for a reboot. that mixed with better range and speed and i'm a happy customer �
received mine today setup was easy... will report in few days the experience.... i am sure no one is interested but please don't hesitate to comment and say not interested
kokobin how does it matter how many i support our not...
i received my white portal in milan ( italy) this morning with ups. portal is amazing, thanks thanks thanks thanks !!!!
i have received my portal today :) didn't expected it and also didn't complained about it. // netherlands
hello creator, i'm still awaiting any info - status update or tracking number or any info at all - in relation to my router. can you please advise me, backer #3629
received my two portals in germany this morning. one is up and running, the difference from the isp wireless to the portal is amazing. now if i can figure out how to get the second up and running.
portal installed and working.  range better than old crappy isp router and speed miles ahead achieving 300mbs (i.e. what i pay for). the only issue has been with the android mobiles that for some reason, after providing speed test results of almost 300mbs, are not achieving more than 150 now. even when disconnecting all the other devices and switching the wi-fi off for these i cannot repeat the top speed readings. have anyone else  experienced similar performance loss?
thanks, received mine today in the netherlands !!
bonjour pour les français qui ont une livebox orange est-ce que vous avez réussi à la configurée car moi elle reste sur le o en rouge de portal et pas moyen de la paramétrer via l'application vu qu'elle n'est pas connecté au net.merci pour vos réponses.
does ups collect import duties and vat/mwst. or are these taxes paid by ignition design labs?
received my red portal yesterday and installed it today. my wifi signal is now much stronger and almost double the speed! looks beautiful and was so easy to set up... i'm a portal fan!!
hello world :-) 2 white and beautifull portals reçus à l'instant via ups. just in time :-) (1 pour la france et un qui va finir en russie :-p) le weekends sera propice aux tests en tout genre. tout vient à point à qui sait attendre. bon courage à l'équipe pour les évolutions futures et à la montée en charge du support. quant aux autres backers en attente, patience, la médisance n'apporte rien. qui n'a jamais subi de retard dans un projet !!!! bonne continuation à toutes et à tous. kr, alex
biren patel about 16 hours ago ups has given me a tracking number and said that they have not received the item only postage created ==================== only 3 backed projects - yet so much noise spam!
must admit, hadn't realised physically how big it'd be :)
it may be worth you picking up a cheap 4 port ethernet switch to put between so you can run them both at once
just received my portal in the uk too. also realised that i have no idea how to conect it up, since i have a bt homehub 3.0 where its only connection to the phone line is through the stupid openreach box, which doesnt have a second lan port. :)
i had my portal delivered in the uk yesterday, and today got the tracking number email ;)
@beau - can you please let us know your setup details?  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
receive my portal today in france !
i have just received a track number for a ups parcel. france.
ups has given me a tracking number and said that they have not received the item only postage created
i'm having some issues the wifi from the router with my phone and on my xbox one. when connected to the wifi with my phone, it acts as if i'm on 3g data or less. it will load a web page half way before stopping completely. sometimes i can't use apps on my phone because the load will time out and i'll have to tap retry. on my xbox it doesn't ever give me an open nat type. my online multi player experience has not been great, but it works most of the time. lastly, the portal app doesn't recognize the devices that are connected to it. i don't know if that's part of the problem or not. is there something i could do to fix these problems?
@all we sent out a large number of tracking numbers last night. still have about 250 that have not been shipped. should have all eu out for delivery by tuesday 12/6.
just got my tracking info today. finally. hope i can test it soon.
yeah just got mine delivered by ups now ots time to instal and enjoy
at last, got mine today (france). idl's attitude toward eu bakers was very deceptive.  i hope their support will not be the same.
just got a ups mail as well. woohoo!
hi there just received my portal today in france idf ,turn it on and wait for to use it.so french guys you will get yours really soon
good news from spain. my portal will arrive tomorrow morning via ups.
@ dutch backers ups will deliver my portal tomorrow
i have just received themail with ups tracking number. (belgium)
got an email with the ups tracking in spain.
delivery in the hague for friday  :)
i have a ups in my postbox... hope it is the portal...allthough the tracking info didn't tell to much about orgin . the package looks blue (security cam) and declared weight of  5kg...allthough it doesnt look like 5 kg when i see the ups guy carrying it in one hand....looks like 2 kg max. l 11/30/2016	7:26 a.m.	destination scan 11/30/2016	7:26 a.m.	import scan 11/30/2016	6:24 a.m.	destination scan 11/30/2016	6:22 a.m.	arrival scan glostrup, denmark	11/29/2016	8:45 p.m.	departure scan 11/29/2016	5:00 p.m.	arrival scan hamburg, germany	11/29/2016	12:30 p.m.	departure scan 11/29/2016	3:00 a.m.	arrival scan herne-boernig, germany	11/28/2016	10:49 p.m.	departure scan herne-boernig, germany	11/27/2016	11:15 a.m.	arrival scan barking, united kingdom	11/26/2016	6:11 a.m.	departure scan 11/26/2016	5:26 a.m.	arrival scan tamworth, united kingdom	11/26/2016	2:58 a.m.	departure scan tamworth, united kingdom	11/25/2016	9:08 p.m.	origin scan 11/25/2016	2:44 p.m.	pickup scan united kingdom	11/25/2016	4:45 a.m.	order processed: ready for ups
got aan email with the ups tracking. will be delivered tomorrow in the netherlands. hang on people in the eu they're coming soon.
just got my ups number by e-mail with links to ups tracking (status: ready for ups) and portalwifi.backerkit.com to review my pledge status (rewards shipped with ups tracking number added). switzerland
i don't think the backer number has anything to do with delivery. my number is 209, delivery was yesterday.
@felix bauchspiess: i'm backer 3.251 and i received my two portals in germany/bavaria/freilassing on 29.11 and picked them up yesterday at packstation (logoix)... it was sent with ups, didnt get an tracking or so...
just got an email with dhl delivery information; should arrive today (netherlands)
just recieved shipping info via backerkit, complete with tracking info. i recieved the portals yesterday, but better later than never, i guess.
netherlands person here. just received my track & trace from the uk. so the product is on his way in europe. so it will be send out in batches. (some already have t&t codes.)
just received a tracking code from backerkit as well. nl
great new features...... where is my product??
yay such good news! omg i'm so excited, now where is my portal? i live in hungary and i haven't receive nuts.
i live in the netherlands, still haven't received my portal. all i see here are evasive maneuvers. please give an estimate on delivery.
i also did not recive my portal so far, how long might it take for the last deliverys for europe?
@carsten: europe is not forgotten, i got 3 portals yesterday in denmark. @all: a tip worth repeating: if ups supports ups my choice in your country, you can check if your portal is on the way on ups.com or via the app.
an update on new features ... but i didn't receive any portal yet. i would prefer a (personal) update on estimated delivery.
hi guys, did you forget europe, haven't gotten my portal either, denmark.
hi guys, same here. i live in the netherlands and no sign of my portals yet. thanks to provide an update.
yes, yes, new features, but i didn't receive my portal yet! get a move and let us informed at least.
hi. i am based in germany. last delivery update was for november. i still have not received my portals. could you please confirm final delivery for germany/ europe? thanks
@gabe - can you please let us know details on crash? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
menu sorry.
the android app crashes when some items from the men are selected like help.  please fix.
any updates on uk delivery? last update on the 5th of november stated mid november as of yet i've received nothing!
any news on shipment?
hey everyone - we want to give you a quick update on what’s going on. in the last month, a lot of new features have been released for your portal! this list includes: - range improvements in both 5ghz and 2.4ghz - view attached devices - dhcp reservation also known as lan static ip - port range selection - ddns  - mac address filtering - multiple portals supported within one mobile app in the next week, we will be releasing: single ssid (advanced band steering): many of you have requested using a single network name (ssid) within your homes. next week we will be enabling this ability along with other highly requested updates (upnp, dlna server, https support). and the following week, we will be releasing: mesh 2.0: portal is the first router being built with next generation mesh 2.0 for larger and multi-story homes, operating on exclusive uncrowded fastlane channels and dynamically optimizes itself. this is a complicated technology unlike any other current mesh solutions today. it has taken us extra time, but we wanted to make sure we got it right. we deeply appreciate all your support and have heard amazing stories from you of how the portal has changed your connected lifestyle; thank you! :) we are excited to have our backers be part of the portal journey! you can stay tuned by following the feature link with even more cool features that are coming soon. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/229985987-portal-feature-timelines thank you for your support and happy holidays! the portal team.
so this is just another kickstarter scam which promises a lot, but delivers nothing...
there is no new firmware yet they move it to dec. 5. the only new update was the app they are now supporting multiple portal means you can use the app to connect many portal unlike before you can only connect one then you have to reset it again to connect to another portal
new firmware has dropped and enabled band steering. i am not sure i can be bothered to change my config (many many devices). has anyone used it ?
no portals in paris france ?
hi frank, ik heb een mijn ups account aangemaakt en daarin mijn adresgegevens ingesteld. ups matcht dan een levering aan dat adres en dat is dan zichtbaar in de app.
muja bhi aaj mera portal ki jankari mil gayi
@rinze hallo hoe heb jij kunnen traceren bij ups zonder tracking nummer ? alvast dank voor je reactie.
my double pack arrive yesterday (germany)... picked them up today...
3 portals have arrived in denmark, according to ups. hope they are actually there when i get home.
did anyone see a vpn option in the firmware ? it would be quite useful.
@john s - nope, no new firmware still says it is due 29th :/
@john s - i've not had a firmware update (nov 29th) - still on portal-1.4.67_prod-1.2.45
finaly a delivery is planned dor tomorow
i am from germany btw... regards peta.
received my portal yesterday. easy installation (using bridge mode). like the app. thank you very much. @john s. during first installation i had to download an update (took 15 min!) probably the new firmware.
has anyone seen if the new firmware update for november 29 was put out today??
i'm based in nl and i just saw in the installeren ups app, just for this project, that i will get a delivery tomorrow (thursday). package is comming from uniserve uk limited tilbury essex gb. sounds hopefull :-)
received my portal today. ups / berlin /germany
according to the last update - eu-portals should arrive mid of november. now it is end of november. would be nice if at least an update could follow.
still waiting for my portal no delivery email as yet!
@phil coombe, you're not alone, waiting patiently here in london too! i suspect they may be fulfilling them in backer order.
still no portal in amsterdam  :-(
are there any more uk backers still waiting for their portals?  i am getting a little nervous as it seems the uk has been delivered but i am without mine still. does anyone know the support email address so i can ping them a chase up.
if anyone's interested in grabbing an extra one or two for mesh ability (whenever it actually shows up), please drop me a line: trilidar@hotmail.com. i have 2x oxblood red i'm willing to part with for $150 ea shipped. not that they're not solid routers: i just bought them for promised mesh and apparently portal can't be bothered getting it working before google. so, i'm heading to google.
people need to calm down, don't see how they're scammers when people have theirs haha i questioned them through their support page, as they have been telling people to do, and got an answer in good time. yeah they prob could avoid this by putting a little update out but the portals have arrived in u.k. and being shipped to the rest of europe
fuck you guys time to get me my fucking portal... i'm about to lose my patience... scammers
@biren i totally understand you. i hate these projectcreators who sell the items for the same price on amazon...
hey guys! i got a portal today in germany :-) but i ordered two. what happened to the other one? ill install it now and see how it works =)
@rune m - the option only works for countries where ups my choice is available..unfortunately for me it isn't available as i'm living in finland.
suckers see this ... before telling me anything https://www.amazon.com/portal-turbocharged-self-optimizing-gigabit-router/dp/b01jqrozzs
are you really fucking not sending mine coz i was vocal about your ignorance towards eu people... want funcken bunch of cowards... nice way to treat humans as u hold my hard earned money so ignoring me is bliss for you ... hope you dont go far with it... suckers before asking me to message them directly ... i have already done that
tried jd marsters trick with the ups app, and lo and behold, 3 portals scheduled for delivery in denmark on thursday. thanks for the tip jd!
i have sent emails to support and no response. i received both portals in black, but one should have been white. second issue is i'm barely getting any speed. seems my old asus router was working better compared to the portal now. 3.4mbps download speed at times is ridiculous!!!!
just received my portal today (germany). great work! ☺
any body in london waiting
still waiting for 2 in germany. hopefully they will show up this year...
private mails dont work.... still waiting here in the netherlands
@rage: try to mail them before saying they answer! because if you become an answer we will be very interested on him! believe that people have not try private mail before public post...
some very immature people on here. children would behave better than some of you. if you have an issue then email them, they will reply. spamming and bleating on here does nothing but make you look stupid, all because, shock horror the "estimated delivery" for europe is not happening quick enough for some. and no i haven't received mine yet in the uk either. but then again i understand what estimated means...
in usa and can not get it to stay connected
i'm curious why the portal people aren't giving any updates anymore. a small message, even if it is a negative one, about delivery (nl, still waiting) could prevent such negative comments and feelings to i assume a wonderful product/project.
@hline, there are plenty of brits with their toy already. they might be getting out of the ec but they are still a part of europe. :) lets just hope for devices to start showing up in the mainland soon. cheers
london all completed except me... and there is a reason for that....
still nothing from italy (milan)
same in holland.. nothing, except for fake promisses......
nothing received in hungary here.
@alvaro pallarés as far as i know there is only one european ks member claiming here that he has got its reward (when exactly?). a german ks member. i wish idl can tell us the delivery state in europa (does it start? does everything go well now? any delay? etc.)
sure i agree with you... why can't the creator speak up... even the same message what you have said... all i want is there acknowledgement
@biren, i understand your frustration since i am yet to receive news from my goods too but please think about how your posts here impact the backers community. you made your point and we would appreciate if you could at least wait for 10 days in between rants (i am sure you will receive it before that). plenty of backers are enjoying their product right now and we are just a bit farther down the delivery list. trust me, i am in spain and here we will most probably be at the bottom of the list since i have not seem any delivery confirmation from a spanish backer. (if any, please speak up!) let's give them a bit more time. they are really delivering fast compared to all the other projects i've backed, and some were not even this challenging technologically speaking. cheers
i bet it's very easy for those who got theirs to tell the others to calm down. i haven't got mine (nor any information for that matter) and it would be nice to receive a quick note from the creators. there's tools that allow sending of automated messages to thousands of people. they would not have to write each one individually.
@chris ... very easy for you to say... got yours right.... i want to look bad... that's my passion... and since you got yours why keeping reading this page... read there own site for firmware updates
every time i comment here i copy paste the dave message to there support ... i got closer to 10 surveys on how thefuck did they do....
please stop spamming the comments. as you've so subtly pointed out they aren't responding to shipping and tracking information. throwing a tantrum on the publicly viewable kickstarter page just makes you look bad. idl delivered successfully to me there is no reason to think you won't get yours. international shipping can be problematic. so just take a deep breath calm down and stop freaking out. it's going to be okay.  this is not a kickstarter where the creator fails to deliver a product. they delivered a pretty kickass product that they are pushing firmware updates out for already. creator, please don't think all of your backers are upset. the vast majority of us are quite happy and pleased with the product. i still say this has been one of the most communicative kickstarter projects i've been a part of.
biren, calm the fuck down. it's pretty clear they are not responding to comments on here. go thru support and open a hundred tickets if you need to. we don't need to see your childish antics here. you are only annoying other backers. that's not going to accomplish anything. grow up.
i hope you.....
don't make me cause havoc... looks like you don't want to report to my request... and want to cheat me out... thanks for trusting idl
10th time ...creator  i live in london can i have my tracking details please
9th time ...creator  i live in london can i have my tracking details please
8th time creator  i live in london can i have my tracking details please
7th time...creator  i live in london can i have my tracking details please
6th time...creator  i live in london can i have my tracking details please
5th time...creator  i live in london can i have my tracking details please
argh, they pushed back mesh! one of the most important features :(
latest update has band steering on the 29th week of november 21st (release coming on 11/29) band steering japanese translation using https for myportalwifi.com multiple network admin support via mobile app dlna  upnp support week of december 5th mesh (mobile app only) vpn client support initial ipv6 support rolling code guest access (mobile app only) port triggering support schedule tbd; planned to be supported static dns (dnsmasq) windows name server vpn server qos
@ali no, band steering is currently scheduled for early december. but it seems they are behind schedule. there was supposed to be an update this past week with a bunch of features including finally supporting a mesh network that hasn't yet been released, so i'd bet that will further push out band steering as well.
received mine here in germany. uniserve is the parcel handler in europe. ups was the postal service used. router is nice color red. speeds so far no difference to my alice modem, when connected on hd port. maybe an improvement of 1mbps.
4th time...creator  i live in london can i have my tracking details please
mid-november is past now and still no updates from @creator. i really don't like it. at this rate it looks as they bury their heads in the sand and pretend that all is well. i start questioning whether they products are really compliant with european norms.
still nothing in france
same here (netherlands). starting to piss me off
nothing received ! (netherlands)
nothing in germany ...
is band steering implemented yet? eg, if one names 2.4 & 5 ghz network same ssid, can one expect that a modern 5ghz capable device will reliable connect to that faster (hd, in portal parlance ?) network? or is the current recommendation to have different ssids for 2.4 & 5ghz wifi networks?
is the mesh update off the table for this week at this point?
jake the fastlane is the "hd." that is the 5gz.  you have to use the hd to experience fast lane.
nothing in the netherlands....
uk backer here, received mine just couple of days ago and tried to setup today. i've got the system connected, just a little confused as it has extra wireless called fastlanes. i had thought the system automatically manages traffic, but as this appears as extra wireless point i'm not sure if i have to actively login to the fastlanes to be able to use them as well or if the normal portal point works fine. any guidance from other users?
has anybody of the eu citizens received a tracking if already?
have not received my red one yet in canada. was told i would get a new tracking number but still have not gotten that.
3rd time...creator  i live in london can i have my tracking details please
creator sent me : we are now shipping units from the warehouse in england.  i'll check on your order with the shipper in the morning. apologies for the delays. and that was a couple of days ago! so thanks for your lack of care for your customers
got mine, all set up here in derby uk... all seems to be very good so far :d
really need to know when its being delivered so i can be at home to accept the packaging
@ justin stil waiting ...
germany end of november ? waiting ...;)
oh come on justin... just don't do the same...
ah come on kenneth... stop the freaking spamming it is getting very annoying. or try their support site https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us (where they are active every day). i would like to know more too, but spamming really does not help. i have a router that is broken for about 2 months now, but i know the risks i have taken with kickstarter and accept that i need to be patient.
still waiting on an update.....
also if you have any issues with the device (rather than the deliveries), i can recommend the support team's efforts. they're really responsive and helpful. just don't make the rookie mistake of posting all your questions in here - use the portal app to contact them! as with nearly every campaign of this type (and i've backed a few!) the creators will now be managing their tickets through their support platform (in this case zendesk), and i very much doubt you can integrate kickstarter's funding comments feed into that. do yourself a favour :)
pro tip so the logistics company appear to be using ups to do the deliveries for the last hop, certainly in the uk and maybe wider europe. ups's tracking numbers are (unsurprisingly) not being pushed back up through the logistics people back to the creators. however - if you have the ups app installed on your mobile device, as i did, and configured with details that match your ks survey, you may well find that you get an automatic notification and a tracking number. i did: that's how i was able to manage my delivery (and had it sent to a local shop for pick up). i don't know if it populates the app retrospectively after a shipment is already en route, but it's worth a try.
got my portal ( in london ) yesterday - everything working great!
pretty sure mine is been to my house, ups completely cocking it up though... fingers crossed i'll have it by end of day today or tomorrow (derby u.k., no tracking details)
guys, we need an update on eu delivery please.
just got my portal in an hour ago! works like a charm, and it is really fast.  thanks guys!
still waiting for an update
2nd time... creator can i please have my tracking number i live in london and have had nothing
sorry but mid-nov is long gone and portal hasnt arrived in switzerland despite the delayed forecast would appreciate if we can be provided tracking information thanks
@creator in the uk i received my first portal yesterday (white) but not the other two (black) which were all confirmed for early bird delivery. i need all the routers to set up a mesh network. i previously enquired about wall mounting. the response from you was that it was supported and the fittings would be supplied. i can confirm that there does appear to be two holes for hooking on to screw heads on the back, but the screws to fit the holes have not been supplied. can you supply the fittings (and the missing portals)? thanks
@creator: and when i can expect my red portal??? thx!!! damijan
my red portal just arrived :d will start to play around with it soon. greetings from germany
@creator hello,  i've just received my portal but i've only received one red portal... when will the 2nd one be send? thanks
@rune i agree mostly, but it wouldn't be much trouble to give a small update every other day.. i mean, it could easily be done when waiting in a phone call queue or even a lost moment while on the toilet.. you know, like the rest of us do �
received the white one of the two portals i ordered in the uk this morning.
it's nearly december, and here, in italy, i didn't receive yet my portal.
received mine in the uk at the start of the week. beautiful looking device! some teething troubles setting it up though. the ios app doesn't work for me, fails to pair, and weirdly the web ui (to configure over wifi) wouldn't accept "password" as the default login. if this happens to you too, don't panic: a factory reset (hold in the recessed reset button with a paper clip for ~10s) worked for me to restore the default web login password. no luck with the app right now, but i'm sure the creators are busy with a sudden avalanche of support tickets, same as with any product launch, so i'm quite prepared to wait patiently (unlike certain people on here... *narrows eyes*) well said, rune m! :)
@creator- received my portal.. love it! easy install, easy to use app.
i also really hate waiting for my portals, but some of you guys act like spoiled children, you make it sound like it's a matter of life and death. remember it's just a router, giving you access to the internet, which you obviously already have - so relax a bit! yes, idl could be a lot more communicative regarding eu delivery, but if any of you have dealt with customs, especially on such a large scale, you would know that it's not just a matter of not caring about or ignoring the issue, a lot of it is beyond their control. and it seems to have been solved anyway, so stop whining and start looking forward to getting what is hopefully a great router (but still just a router).
@creator, the app is also totally useless, it forces you to ask for a password, bt doesn't have one! so i have to enter 'password' and it always says that my portal doesn't have internet access when it totally does (coz im using it now!)
@creator, just got my portal out the blue yesterday in london! nice surprise :) however the performance is really unreliable, i generally only get 50mb/s over my 300mb/s line! bt home hub 6 was giving me 200mb/s+ (to one device) to make matters worse portal will report all sorts of different speeds, sometimes it will be 30, sometimes 100 and anything up to 300mbs! what the hell is going on, this is far worse performance than the router from my isp and if it stayed at 300mb i would be really happy. my connection to bt is fibre only so there's no probs from distance and stuff to do with copper
@justin don't mix delivery problem and production problem. here we waiting because creator doesn't care about his custom problem for his eu supporter. and the fact that david should post for the creator is very disrespectful. i have send private message but the creator don't respond.. we make his dream come true don't forgetti ! so i was expected a little more than be ignored...
@biren - you won't get tracking info. the portal just arrived. i am in london. portal arrived and installed through wifi. working very well indeed. well done guys!
creator can you please email me my tracking details
any body in london still waiting
us backer - received my 2nd portal this week.  i had pledged for a red and a black but got 2 black instead.  i do not have the patience to to wait for a replacement and the black looks good anyway.  both are working a+, very happy.
@david thanks for your comment to bad it issnt from the creator
still waiting in spain, 2 months later. when i can receive it? any date approximately?. thanks.
please don't spam the comments section of the kickstarter page. it doesn't help to accomplish anything and make it harder for the rest of us to read/find the updates. thank you.
oh and probably don't expect tracking.  no one in uk received. but delivery anyway.
@kenneth. all spamming the message board does is annoy other backers. there is one creator and hundreds of backers so you cause the most harm, in aggregate, to us. the creators have explained poorly but i will piece together for you. there is one shipment for all of europe.  it got diverted from the netherlands to the uk but it arrived at felixstowe safely. backers in the uk are receiving their portals. seemingly of all shapes and varieties (eg multi packs , funny colours etc). judging from your name i imagine you live somewhere quite proximate to the uk so i estimate they will start popping up in continental europe next week at the latest. your portal is here in europe. you have no shipping or duties to pay at last minute. the product is good here in london.  and so shortly shall it be everywhere else. david
lol someone panicked. kenneth just don't do kickstarter anymore, this is not for you mate. compared to other campaigns this is going relatively slick. i'm still waiting on my lampster for example, which should have arrived before the summer. if you followed what was happening that you found out that the first portal have been delivered in the eu and that all eu portals are send on the same time. no difference between early and late backers. so stop behaving like a child and be patient.
we paid you at least €175! a respond from you is not to much to ask i think
time to answer the eu backers!! no more ignoring!
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
update status : eu backers
received uk, no tracking. app is a nice gimmick but did nothing for the setup other than provide a chat function for help (with vanishing tickets!).  eventually just used the ip via browser. i'm seeing no better performance, in fact the signal from the portal doesn't reach nearly as far as the virginmedia superhub 2. i'm going to keep experimenting but there hasn't been any wow factor yet.
portal white arrived in london (uk) today. no tracking. packaging all looks good. actually due to the wait - i spent some time optimising my wifi setup (partially courtesy of a new wireless router from my isp that supported some high 5.0ghz bands which none of my neighbours have discovered) - so portal will probably not make too much difference for me. but i will probably try at some point and post some results. i did a lot of tests both pre and post optimising my current setup and my use a little edge. looks good quality though - look forward to testing.
just got my portal white in england. no tracking or notification. not had a chance to plug it in yet, but very impressed by the looks.
hmm in england and still no portal, no tracking number, no nothing in fact. hopefully november will not slip into december.
in london and got a black delivered today. no tracking notification...but it's here! easy setup, just plugged it in and waited for the update ect. used the default password and connected through wifi on my laptop. (i couldn't get the ios app to work) on a positive note, my speedtest with a virgin media super hub 2 was around 20-30mbps, with portal it is around 145-160mbps. result!
any one on london got black delivered
portal received up and running in los angeles. options are very limited compared to netgear r8000. getting similar speeds as expected.
received one of my 2 portals today in the netherlands. no clue what happened with the second one. i hope i will soon receive the other one. did not receive any email with tracking number. have not yet installed it.
@joao, thanks! seems like england is getting their portals. i did recieve a tracking code from an international package which is delayed by one day and will be delivered tomorrow.  can not see the sender in my postnl app. i have high hopes my portal will be delivered in nl soon.
@creator still no reaction.... that guys is how you do business
@justin van kessel apologies for that. i'm in london, united kingdom.
for the people that leave a comment saying they have recieved their portal.. please say where you from ;)
my two portal device have arrived this morning. no e-mail notification or shipping notifications. i can't wait to get it setup and hopefully the new mesh update is out soon. thanks @portal !
@portal: please be respectful with your backers! they are human, they have pay to support your project. they want  their pledge like the us. we wan't to know what the status for eu ? don't answer is very disrespectful! so don't be that guy and make a public announcement ! if you don't do this, comment will be soon very unpleasant l.
portal is being send from the uk. obviously it is a shorter drive from the uk to the uk then from the uk to the rest of europese... sounds like we can expect them somewhere this week or maybe the start of next week.
is only the uk getting the portals delivered? are the portals now stuck on an island instead of rotterdam?
keep up the good work @portal. looking forward to receiving my eu portals soon :)
ups , no tracking number or notification, so a nice surprise
not received in the uk ...i am in london hope fully tomorrow... who is delivering in london
my portal arrived today in the u.k.  no notifications or emails. setting up as we speak.
just set up my portal, it took about 15 minutes. super easy.  i'm not sure if it's really better but i think it looks great on my wall.
received my 2 red portals in uk from ups today - didn't check get tracking notifications.......not had chance to set them up as yet but will soon.......
@creator. i sent you a message about the status of my portal delivery (eu). please reply!
i'm weighting in for an update to eu backers. it seems some units have been dispatched in the eu. as some say, bad news is usually much better than going dead silent, even if we understand that managing angry us backers seems to become a full-time job (and if the team hasn't expanded, that means no one is handling communication). keep it up guys, most of us are looking forward for some news and playing with our portals ;-)
@adeel - awesome! i'll expect mine soon too. did you get a tracking number?
just received mine in london
not sure how you didnt find anything about uniserve, a quick google found out that it's -  "uniserve are the largest british privately owned international freight and logistics company in the uk" lets hope that it is what we think it is, and we will all start recieving tracking numbers over the next few days :)
i will see tomorrow. today i only got the ups notice
@christian... hello are you sure the email would be related to idl. i am in england and assuming it was entering via britain i was not able to locate the provider you have mentioned.... i don't understand why the creator are so reserved to respond to eu quire's... i completely understand what you are saying the only frustrating part is that the take the time to respond to american clients... if they treat every one equally we will not have this frustration.
and to all those negative people. this project is 2 month over schedule. there are projects that are away beyond this. and still fullfill. you should keep im mind that you are backing not buying. this is risk investment, and nothing else.
@creator is your partner in the uk uniserve? i got an ups notification that it will arrive tomorrow here in germany
@idl an eu update would be highly appreciated!
we must respect them they are humans... even if they don't treat us like that... hahaha
well my fellow eu backers say goodbye to your freaking money. :(
why is it available on amazon with a 2 day delivery? while we havent heard nothing
@creator maby it's possible to give the eu backers an update... almost end november now
hi creators, backer from eu here, still waiting for my portal to come. as you can see it's 20th november now which is already passed mid november. so where is our parcel?
good morning  from  europe. let's hope we get  a response from the trumped people
my previous comment should have said "openwrt" instead of "dd-wrt", but those default credentials don't work either.
@creator what are the default ssh credentials for the portal wifi router?  none of the defaults for dd-wrt credentials seem to work and i'd rather not have to brute force my own device just to login to the cli. also, i don't see ssh listed anywhere in the future feature list (although it is running), and was unable to create a new feature request because the form "requires" irrelevant unique identifiers like my portal's mac address and serial number. i understand that new features will continue to roll out periodically, but i'd like to be able to access (and at least examine) more than the limited web interface and smartphone app currently allow. thanks for any info you can provide.
anyone else having an issue with no internet on the 2.4ghz network?
it's incredibly frustrating how you just ignore any questions from all the eu backers and how you keep us all in the dark while you are happily answering all the questions from people who already got their devices.  it's also very hard to believe how a ship docking in a port just hours away from the planned route can result in delays of almost a month now. can you please shed some light on this and not keep keeping us in the dark?  bad but honest updates is so much better than then no news at all. it's a shame, because this campaign was so good up till now and now it feels like you are throwing away all the trust and good will that you've built up during the campaign.
received my two units.  looking forward to the mesh update
i'm a uk based backer #158, oxblood red. any update on the shipment please?
hey guys! this eu located super early bird is very excited and hoping to get his portal really soon now, any word on shipment? an update would be awesome!
dear portal creator, any update on delivery in eu? the period of 'mid-november' is almost over... thanks!
@jeffrey - mesh isn't available yet.  their eta is next week.
how do i set up the mesh so each portal is not using separate 2.4/5ghz channels?
@creator: "on portal, bridge mode = portal does not provide dhcp. you can set wan static ip in which case portal still acts as the dhcp server." so, i'll need to use bridge mode so i don't have a double dhcp problem going on, but i do need to nail down the portal with a static ip address. how will i do that? and when will be able to use wifi passwords longer than 11 or 12 characters?
opening support tickets - that's a laugh!  i have 5 support tickets open going back several weeks and it has been several days since i last heard from anyone!  i don't blame them - it is the system that is having the break down!
you stopped responding in a span of 5 mins :)
please please please update eu clients we are humans to
@all - please be respectful of our support staff - they are real human beings just as you. verbal abuse and constant use of profanity is against our community guidelines. we are happy to work through issues you may have. note that this comment is in response to a few kickstarter members verbally abusing our support staff.
@nelson - agree with you. something we are looking at.
@mohammed - can you please open a support ticket? that will be easiest to help you out. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
how hard would it be for you guys to add the new amazon echo integration that eero and i think another company added? you can pause the internet by voice, locate a device by narrowing down which ap it is connected to, and dim the leds. just thought those were some pretty cool things that are coming out on other inferior products
should it try to grab your attention creator... people don't like my style but you are obviously ignoring us
this thing kicks ass!! before i install my new portal i was getting a signal strength on my phone of good 47 mbps. after i install my new portal i'm getting a signal strength of excellent 433 mbps. great coverage area of my house plus i share with my neighbors. they give me cable tv & i give them wi-fi. so far just minimal problems. great product!!
@creater where is my portal ? its about dam time to give it to me eu backers the netherlands
i would like to suggest that if anyone has any technical issues that they submit a support request through idl's website. idl has indicated multiple times that they are able to be more responsive if you go that route rather than posting it here on kickstarter.
@creator, it has been 6 days still waiting for a response. my ps4 shows a pathetic download speed of 3.4mbps!! i used to get better speeds with my asus over all. highest speed i see is 25-35mbps. i pay for 100mbps. the asus was given me about 60-70. also, i have not heard anything about my white 2nd portal. i ordered one black and one white. just want to make sure i won't be receiving another black one!
can the portal be used in conjunction with apple products- for instance the airport express (so that i can still listen to music through that device)?
i received my second portal today and i am in the us. now waiting for the ability to do the mesh network.
loving this product.  the speed level is night and day,  i had an ac1900 that had already improved my coverage in the house, but downstairs was limited at times and in certain corners, it also changed the ip address and was very difficult to change so i could use the app remote for verizon.  i now have the portal attached for a month or so and it has been great, it has much better coverage throughout the whole house and even better coverage in the front and back yard (3,000 sq ft 2 story house), i do have issues streaming at time on netflix on the downstairs living room tv but no more than i had prior (and for the most part, less). best of all, the speeds on my computers, tablets, phones, xbox, wii u, and blu ray players have improved greatly and much less time loading.  i went from averaging 8-10 mb per second to now pushing 50-80mb per second and still in the 20 range in the darkest corners of the house.  got my second portal unit two days ago and cannot wait to see if the mesh setup is on track for next week so i can get the second unit installed in a location that will improve the experience further.
so people are receiving their second portal? i am in the us and have not received anything yet and i pledged for two
after reading @adrian's post - i have a similar current state but i had the additional woes along the way simply of getting to where he's describing without any assistance from the portal support staff. i've been in contact with them for the past several days receiving (0)...i had figure out my own solutions, as woeful as they have been. i began this journey with very deep appreciation of the communication responses we got during the campaign - but recently - not so much! why i making such a public announcement is to draw attention to the way the idl continues to handle the delivery and lack of communication regarding the second unit deliveries.  my hope is that when i receive my second unit and can coordinate between two portals instead of a netgear and a portal - my problems will be resolved...with fingers crossed!
people started receiving 2nds but no news for eu... if i try to grab there attention people who don't know how to use there portal... try to explain how kickstarter works���
hi, is there any update on the eu shipment? i haven't received a tracking code yet and was expecting my portal mid november. i am based in the netherlands.
awaiting update/tracking info on 2nd oxblood... /: help please!  love the first one :d
i received my second portal device today. is it possible to to join the two devices together so that there is one ssid for each band (2.4 and 5)?  will the mesh network work this way?
@jeremy, canada post received your portal for delivery on 10/21, and appears to have misplaced it.  we are sending a replacement portal now.  i'll send you tracking information in a private email.
@keith - would like to understand your use case. on portal, bridge mode = portal does not provide dhcp. you can set wan static ip in which case portal still acts as the dhcp server.
@wingnut - can you please let us know your setup and portal information? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@jeremy - team will contact you shortly.
@adrian - can you please let us know your setup? you should be seeing better performance.  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
i received mine, but frankly am really disappointed with the performance. the lack of a wps button caused no end of trouble connecting to a wireless printer, and the app and support pages online were basically useless. more disappointing was the performance, which was no better than the linksys router i already had. as much as i like supporting ks projects, this one goes down as a failure in my book as it fundamentally failed to improve in any way the performance of my household wifi. in fact, the signal strength (consistently 100% in all parts of the house with the linksys) was often only 75-85% with the portal and basically identical speeds when checked with an app. maybe they will improve this over time, but i walk away not convinced it was worth the price.
@jeremy a lot of people are still waiting. eu was delayed to a transit issue. the ship docked in rotterdam as i remember correctly. not everyone in the netherlands (you're address) has even recieved a tracking number. delivery update was mid november which is now. i suggest waiting a week.
if you need to contact them go through their support on their website. i got a response in under 24 hours
i am still waiting for a response from the creator. i still have not received my portal even though the tracking number says it has been shipped. i am not able to create a ticket as i do not have the mac address. canada post will not do anything for me as i am not the shipper. i have sent multiple messages with no response!!!! i would appreciate a little courtesy as i have given my money to be an early adopter for a red version.
new app update on ios. connected devices, while very simple, is now available.
good news..i receive my second portal today and happy about that now one day i'm hoping to take them out of their boxes and actually try them out ..right now the software is at in infancy state i just can't do it yet i have cameras i have other stuff going on ..my life doesn't have time to play with this stuff constantly example port forwarding not coming out until dec 7 i'll wait for a while before plugging anything in but thank you idl but from my understanding the router was going to have all the basics already loaded but eventually it will  but for now ..i'll sit back and wait ..does anyone else have or use drop cams or now nest cams and feedback would be greatly appreciated thank you all
why does the update to the android app only show 2 devices as being attached, the portal unit itself, and my phone that has the portal app running on it.  i have 2 smart tv's connected 4 android tablets and several cell phones.  none of those devices show as being connected.
i asked about eu shipments and got this as a response hi rich, the shipment is on process. i am waiting for the tracking number from our logistic company and will advise as soon as i have it. regards, michelle
today i have received my 2nd black portral really happy, now i just have to wait for the update of the firmware i hope they get to finish all the new features this year thanks idl for a great service and delivering a great product =)
i received a shipping notice (i think) for my second portal today, so they are being shipped out now.
hi idl, is there any news on the europian shipping? please inform
ignore my previous message, just re-read the update. thanks
@creator, i had left a private message about my delivery being half complete (only 1 of 2 delivered). appreciate your response.
hi portal team, i had sent you a message through kickstarter about my upcoming move to another country in 10 days - please respond, it's urgent! if you ship the eu units after my move, i have no way of retrieving the three units i ordered. thanks!
i put my portal in bridge mode with my current verizon modem.  instead of getting a third of my original speed i purchased, i'm now receiving the original speed plus 5-10 mbps more.  the difference is night & day.��
i thought that this update was supposed to give a way to give the portal a static ip and turn off dhcp (my modem handles that) without going into bridge mode. i cannot get it to do that.
@creator any update on the eccn and ccats numbers i requested?
thanks for the update @creator!
just got mine today. can't wait to try it.
i received my first unit just this last week but not my second yet updated talk about second units being out???
@steven - we will bring in support for band steering week of dec. 5th. still working to identify a timeline for qos; it will be supported.
@trd - we will be rolling out an app update today which will add attached devices. note that ios version may take an extra few days while it gets approved by apple.
my shipping forwarder added the following message  "  if the items have not been given a ccats and eccn by the us government, we are not permitted to export them." so i will need both eccn and ccats numbers. putting those numbers in the compliance page would be very helpful
@randy - yeah, most people did.  the updates state why.
did anybody else pledge/order 2 units and only receive 1???
@trd, i got both fire tv sticks on their first day of release by amazon.  i find out by the fact that my portal is on channel 52 (as seen by some wifi analyzer program) and i have separate ssid for 5ghz and the fire tv stick does not see that ssid.  in my case i don't choose compatibility mode, i just connect such device to 2.4ghz instead.  i don't fully trust the fcc test lookup method for client device frequencies because i have an amazon echo (received very early but not sure if it was first day) and it happens to connect to dfs channel 52 fine (which seems to be different result from some other portal users).
@ellaine escueta, i read your comment earlier and it still slipped my mind when i posted my last comment. thanks for the info on the new amazon fire tv box and fastlanes!
@douglas h., i didn't know that the new fire tv stick didn't support the dfs channels. how did you find out? very curious whether the newest fire tv box supports it.
@trd - i sometimes have trouble keeping track of terminology such as portal's new fastlanes (dfs channels?) vs netgear's older fastlane (which means using separate band for router-extender).  i think the answer is that enabling a compatibility mode disables using one or more of the dfs channels.  i haven't seen technical definition of the modes, for example does one mean disabling both u-nii-2a and u-nii-2c, another means disable just the -2a, and another means disable just the -2c - or maybe one means disabling just the tdwr portion of -2c. fyi, i was frustrated/surprised that the brand new fire tv stick still doesn't see dfs channels (just like the original).
my forced reboot this afternoon must have forced the update, or it was delayed, but i get home tonight and my portal is now running firmware portal-1.4.67_prod-1.2.45 and as @steven lepofsky mentioned, i can see attached devices now in the webgui, but it is still grayed out in the app. i can only guess that a app update is forthcoming.
i have the new fire tv box and in my experience, yes it seemed to work with the fast lanes.. however my samsung smart tv doesn't and when i had it connected via portal it was a lot slower than my regular router... so i just kept it with the 5g setting on my router
@douglas h., i have not received an update greater than what i posted below, so the devices connected option is still unavailable for me. i can not force an update either. i know my old fire stick was not compatible with dfs fastlanes. i did put the portal into compatibility mode and added my fire stick and echo to the 5ghz band. would that stop fastlanes from working? i moved both devices back to 2.4ghz and turned off compatibility mode, so i guess i will find out. i think the new fire tv box is compatible with fastlanes, but i haven't looked at it with compatibility mode off yet.
@creator - you had said that band steering was coming at the end of october, but there currently isn't a date for it.. just tbd.  can you share the reason and maybe some sort of eta?  for those of us that like to roll with a single ssid for convenience, this is a pretty big missing feature. i also am curious about qos.  it's listed on the campaign page, but it's not listed on your upcoming features page at all.  is that still on the road map?
@sedef - the web gui is showing attached devices again.  the app still isn't.
i want my money back.  the portal has not been any faster than my $40.00 old router. today the portal is not working at all. it is completely dead. i am not happy at all. all i want is my money back.
i saw the update notification at 2 am but the "devices" is still greyd out for me
are eu shipments still due mid november? coming close to it now
so how do i connect a 2nd portal wired? i'm assuming i'll have to set up the 2nd portal in bridge mode and then connect it to my network? does anyone have 2 set up yet, as i don't see any documentation on the website i figured i'd ask here
@trd - the 1.2/1.0 was the firmware before today, but today around 2am you might have gotten the new 1.4/1.2 firmware which is the "week of november 7th" and it brought back the attached devices. the fire tv stick has 5ghz but does not work with dfs channels such as portal's.  i don't know whether fire tv box supports dfs channels.  if you have selected some compatibility mode in the app, that may explain channel 36. then again, i am not sure that smartlanes is working fully because mine chooses channel 52 despite some neighbor having a cisco which is using channel 48+52 (40mhz bandwidth split across those two 20mhz channel numbers).  i don't know whether portal is prepared for that weird split (more typical would be 48-44 or 52+56), or whether it is seeing the other neighbor who has stronger signal on channel 161 (it is an att uverse, don't know how wide).  regardless, they are weaker signals and i have no problem reaching full speed of my internet.
the solid blue and red light issue has gone away for me and i have never had any internet dropping issues. but i wonder if that is because my portal has never moved off the 5ghz channel 36 since i've had it? meaning that i am never accessing the fastlanes. i cannot believe channel 36 is never congested in my area. i just upgraded my original amazon fire tv stick to a fire tv box, which supports 5ghz. i was starting to get some buffering on the old device, which used compatibility mode. it will be interesting to see how the fire tv box performs on the 5ghz network. also, the firmware has been updated to portal-1.2.051_api-1.0.135, but i don't see any of the features promised for the "week of november 7th". that update was supposed to include the ability to view attached devices, but that is still grayed out in the smartphone app and there are no app updates, at least not in the itunes store.
@idl, are there any particular dns servers that you would recommend to be used with portal? or does it really make a difference? is it best to use what my isp defaults to? thanks in advance!
i have submitted a ticket, but just to let you know i am having similar issues that some of the other users are reporting.  the portal drops connection to the internet and goes red.  factory reset fixed the issue for less than 24 hours and now i have had to disconnect the portal and go back to asus rt68u to get my network back because the portal says it can't find internet access.
i don't remember much mention of devices not supporting the fast lanes or least not for roku's. i know i asked and specifically mentioned having the roku and how it would work with the fast lanes and not a word was mentioned of any issues. now i'm told they don't work with them and can't say if they ever will. it seems a lot of devices won't work with the fast lanes. wished that part was a lot clearer very dissipointed
i've requested the eccn # via msg. but please add the eccn (export control classification number) to your compliance page, so that other kickstarter backers don't have the same problem i do. the eccn is required to export the portal wifi router from the us to other countries.
found a new problem though once my 5g network went to a fast-lane channel my roku could no longer see or connect to that network. :( sad since the whole reason i got these was for my roku's, hopefully they can fix it
@trd - yes.  after reading the update several more times, i think you are correct!
k i got it working again. had to reset it a few times
setting this thing up is a headache. got working, go to log back it and it won't recognize my password, forced to do a reset and now i can connect to the internet but can't connect to the portal to set up wifi or anything
just set my portal up today. took no time at all and worked exactly as advertised. we live in a large old house with thick plaster walls, and i have to say the coverage is amazing. blazing fast and way better than anything else we have had. 1 portal is replacing 2 apple extreme routers. extremely happy- though sorry to hear others having some issues. thanks all...
@jeffrey torres, i was under the impression that idl would receive more portals in november 9, not us. from that shipment, we would receive our second (or more) portals.
@creator it had been 3 days, could you kindly respond to my post....
just got 2 of my 4 portals. got one black and one white when i should of gotten 2 white. i ordered around 2 after the ks ended and i chose one of those to be black, so i'm hoping this is just a mix up. when can i expect my other 2 portals?
hello idl - with all the message you may have missed my question "hello idl, wasn't band steering supposed to be released mid october? now i see that it is tbd on the support website. i believe many would find this useful immediately as i wouldn't want to split the networks, change individuals devices to use the appropriate network and then need to reconfigure them again when band steering is released. can you give us a more firm target date for band steering? thank you." also, i believe the eta for secondary units was nov 9.  can you confirm that they were shipped already?  thank you.
my portal keeps dropping internet all the time like the wan shits off. i got no wifi at all with it. only if i plug into my modem. it worked for a couple hours and now this and has not worked since. really pissed
hmmm, i'm setting up my portal. the status circle is staying red which claims to mean it's not connected to the internet. but i have both my laptop and my iphone connected to portal wi-fi. they both are successfully connected to the internet. the portal ios app says "everything loogs good, no guest are connected." shouldn't it say 2 guests? i have a comcast modem, it's wi-fi is disabled. the cable is going directly from the modem to portal and is plugged into the wan jack. my laptop has win 10 installed and iphone has ios 10.1.1. i also have a asus wi-fi router in use. my home net ip is 192.168.1.x. myportwifi shows portal as 192.168.8.1 and this laptop as 192.168.8.101. why is the o still red instead of blue or green?
i received my portal last week and set it up over the weekend.  had some issues with the portal turning to green, but i figured it out in a few minutes.  got the app installed on my phone and got all the phones, tablets and satellite box hooked up in a few minutes.  i have noticed an increas in speed and increased signal strength (on dsl- bad signal strength was my primary reason for ordering).  so far so good!!  now that this is working i might be able to set up a real network in my house.  thanks
received my portal on halloween evening, didn't get a chance to set it up until the following monday- set up was simple and only took 15-20 minutes, all devices connected without issue. streaming from amazon firetv seems to look better (?bandwidth?) i'm looking forward to having family for the holidays and giving them their own network while they are here. all in all i'm a happy customer and glad to be a backer.
received my portal yesterday.  i installed it after getting home from work.  it took a total of about 20 minutes to completely set up including configuring the port forwarding for my media server. i have a lot of home automation stuff.  and one thing i immediately noticed was how much more responsive my ring door bell is.  i can live view my front door from my cell phone via the ring camera.  previously using the 5ghz band on my asus rt ac68u router it took about 10 seconds to get the live feed from the ring doorbell even while on wifi in the house.  now with the portal i can get the live view in about 3 seconds even if i am on a walk using lte cellular on my phone (portal router was the only change to see this speed increase). very happy so far.  looking forward to my second unit arriving and the ignition labs team adding more advanced features.  thanks guys.
when will the 11/7 updates go live? just curious
@alexandre - can you please let us know which phone do you have?  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@alvaro - wpa2-enterprise is currently not planned.
i.received my first and it's working great so far but my phone doesn't connect automatically when i return home is there a setting i'm forgetting to turn on? thanks
@ryan - wps is not supported. while wps does provide convenience, it is also considered insecure.
@jeffrey - from the app you will need to add a 2nd portal at which point app will pair, get portal online, perform mandatory update if necessary, and then create the mesh network. all of the above wirelessly; recommend 2nd portal be powered on close to the 1st one.
@pascal - can you let us know more about your setup? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
arrived, safe and sound. all hooked up and appears to be working fine. i couldn't find a wps option, is there one?
@travis kittlitz usually the shipper has to open the trace.
@jeremy schellenberg -  if item was dropped at canada post and you haven't seen any movement you can call canada post with the tracking number and open a trace.
i got my shipping notification almost 3 weeks ago and still have not received my red portal. i sent a message on kickstarter and have not heard back. my tracking number is 7317823928737621 which says the portal was received at canada post in brampton on oct 21 for 1-3 day delivery. please send me an update on when i will receive it asap.
@frank they said in the last update that eu backers should start receiving shipments in mid november.
@alvaro pallarés and @creator yes, thats what i was asking for. so that you have the ability to have multiple "passphrases". and when you wan't to block someones access you don't have to change the password on all devices
thus far, my only gripe is receiving all black cabling for my white router. deal breaker? no. funny looking? yes.
i received my portal 2 days ago and installed it last night. plug and play has it should be. kept my ssid the same as my old router with the same password and all my devices connected right away to the network. i could not even do this with my cisco router if i needed to reset it. i had to reconfigure all the device on the wifi. i do have an issue though. my hp printer will not connect to the wifi and the same issue happens with my logitech internet radio. no matter how i try even by forcing to a standard rather than another. wap wap2 or wep... i just can't get those 2 devices connected.
any actuall news for the eu backers
my pledge was for a twin pack, but i only received a single unit. are they to be shipped separately?
will the app auto-detect when i am setting up my second/meshed portal?
@creator,  hi, i believe christian was asking if we will be able to set wpa2- enterprise as our wifi security choice. so, rephrasing the previous question: will portal be able to connect to a radius server for authentication? of course, the option of having portal act as radius server will be quite interesting too! :d cheers
my portal arrived monday november 7th in longueuil (quebec, canada). ups left it in the middle of the porch to see for everyone... i will install it asap. could portal be used as a plex server with usb hard drives on it ?
can i ask what the big deal is over the blue light? my wifi still works
hi everyone - the network problem is fixed. if you are still seeing blue light on your portal please power cycle to clear it and portal will resume with green light.
@christian - we looked at radius server and currently it's not in the plan. can you please let us know about your use case?  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/community/posts/222178367-radius-server-in-built-and-supported
hello, can you use or will you be able to use an radius server with portal?
i got my portal and its awesome!! noticeably faster! thank you!!!
hi everyone - we have some network problems that is leading to a blue light and the app connectivity is impacted. we are working through to fix the problems. this will not impact internet connectivity and fastlanes will continue to work as expected.
there is an update for those who have blue light try to power down your portal and power it up again give time to update and see if it will turn green again.
after my red light incident last night, later my portal had a solid blue light and my connectivity was spotty until i lost a connection altogether. i couldn't even access the portal from the app. i finally rebooted the portal and it came back up blinking blue, which i am guessing is a firmware update, then it went green. i did not have time to check it this morning to see if it was indeed a firmware update.
@creator, i guess no reply to my post? i wasn't going to complain about this but i have read some people mention this so here it is. my portal stays solid blue mostly and i have optimum online, so my devices are basically connecting to the optimum wifi hotspots instead. seems a bit weird. why are the fast lanes not automatically working the way it did the first day?
just received mine now, i'm in montreal, qc canada. will test it tonight~ can't wait... thank you
hi there will i receive confirmation of shipment for mine? curious if my order has been processed correctly as i've not heard anything from the team. thanks for your reply, jennipho
just powered it off and on again,  not its green light again. why does it keep doing that?
my portal light suddenly turned red earlier today and haven't turned back green
@movie - could you please let us know more details on the newly opened support ticket?
set up my portal yesterday. seems to work like a charm in my apartment building where i see 10+ other networks when i scan for wifi.
noticing that the portal gets hot sometimes and stays blue.  i have to unplug it until it cools off.  it's happened twice so far.
odd thing happened today. my portal light kept turning from green to red and back again. i never lost network connectivity though. i finally decided to reboot it and now the light is solid green again. i just thought it was odd.
why are guest networks limited to 2gz?
i just want to chime in that the sent instruction card says to plug portal into the "lan" port of my wifi broadband router: well when i do that... portal stays on the "red" not working. however, when i downloaded the very interesting portal applet onto my iphone and followed those instructions: it says to plug the portal into one the other wan lines: presto! the portal goes to green light indicating it really is on. the applet double-checked everything to confirm it's working and provided then a unique combination of letters/numbers for a password.  this whole process took but a few minutes. i did a speed test using verizon (as i have a dsl line from them). i toggled between my regular wifi connection and my new portal one. upload speeds basically stayed the same.  but download is another story! 30% faster using portal. thirty percent faster! just pure and simple and immediate. this is amazing. amazing!!!! i am mighty pleased. congratulations ignition design labs! i also see a lot of evidence at your website and through the applet that you are very serious about communication and service and continuing to upgrade the firmware and put questions and answers out there into the public. this is really quite impressive, too. thank you! 30% faster downloads!
@peter k. - could you please let us know more details on the support ticket?
@eric c. - could you please let us know more details on the support ticket?
@medianyc - could you please let us know more details on the support ticket? we are releasing new features next week and week of 21st: https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/229985987-portal-feature-timelines
@roger - thanks for all the performance data. can you let us know more about your setup and topology?  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new if i read correctly the isp is rated at 60mbps. is that correct?
@matthew do you have port forwarding on your plex server?
@kr are you testing on the 5ghz ("hd") network? would like to know your specifics, please contact us via support:  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@keith - the features you are referring to are coming next week. this includes the ability to view connected devices.  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/229985987-portal-feature-timelines are you testing on the 5ghz ("hd") network? would like to know your specifics, please contact us via support: https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@dave - portal uses the 5ghz dfs fastlane link (the fastest way) to talk between two portals. if you prefer you will be able to use ethernet as well.
hey guys, can you give me clarification on "mesh" or two units working together? i have an older home with plaster and wire, ends up being pretty tough for any router, especially the 5ghz range. thanks dave
is there no way to give the portal a static ip and turn off dhcp (my modem handles that) without going into bridge mode? am i just not understanding how to set this thing up like my old router that had these functions? also, my android app says that there are "zero" clients connected when i have numerous clients connected. so far, my speeds are about the same as my old wifi router, and the settings and info available for the portal are extremely underwhelming! my old netgear router and its genie app blows this out of the water. i want to like it, but i am .. underwhelmed!
i was so excited when i got my portal. i set it up just to find that my speed was not any better than the old router i was using before. most times i have a download speed of 30 mbps and upload speed of 4 mbps. what a disappointment this has been. i want to send it back and go back to my old router. �
@lorenzo - my usb coredy wa-ae610 seems to work on portal's channel 52.  i think it is single-stream which means speed will never exceed 433mbps (it reaches my 230m internet speed).
does anyone know if there is a list of usb wifi dongles that shows which are dfs compatible?
my plex server through my wd pr2100 won't allow me to connect to it after switching to portal. any update coming to resolve this issue?
got mine on tuesday. as advertised, great job!
so i received 1 of the 2 portals i ordered.  set it up, looked at every detail of the admin pages & app, connected a dozen devices (androids, cbs, ip phones, desktops,) tested for about an hour, disconnected it and put it back in the box. was portal created only for 99 or older people?  can't even say for kids b/c by the age of 5 they are too sophisticated for this pos.  there's nothing.  my god, they could have started with any of the opensource bases and built on it and had a fully functioning router. here's an example of just how primitive this device is... whether on app or web interface, there's no requirement to change the admin password.  that's like router security 101.  who knows how many portal are out there with the password password.  they didn't even bother to set the default pw as the device serial number or one of the macs, at least that would have been unique for that device. oh, on top of that devices cannot maintain a connection.  i live in the middle of no where, not a single other wifi network around, in fact cell phones don't even work here.  it didn't matter if i was 5ft away, 30ft line of site, or floor above or below, a wood framed wall or two away... i'd bee reading something and see the wifi symbol go dark.  on, off, on ,off, and all in between. to say i am disappointed would be an understatement.  a $15 no name router has more functionality.  what were you guys thinking releasing this, even to ks backers?  this isn't even beta, this is early stage alpha. i want a full refund, i have no faith you guys have any clue what goes into router firmware.
so after 3 weeks of waiting my portal is finally set up and i am loving it. i pay for 100mbps and i am pushing 120. speed is smooth and consistent even in the busiest days and with all the devices i have. i couldn't be happier. great product guys and i'm looking forward to what comes next
the router delivers the speed.  i pay for a 60mbps service, and i register 120-130mbps on ipad, ps4,  mac, android phones, and kindle tablet.  samsung 9000 suhd tv registers 71 mbps.  i look forward to the updates, particularly the vpn updates.
my setup experience was okay.  i had some issues with logging into portal.  i had initially set up a new password, but i was not able to log in.  that was probably operator error.  i may have done something wrong.  so, i wanted to reset the portal to factor defaults and start over.  per support’s recommendation on the site i reset the portal by holding down the reset for 10 seconds. on the second attempt the portal’s green light, indicating fastlanes activated, would not come on.  again, per support’s recommendation on their site i disconnected the power cord from the portal for 30 seconds.  note: i did not unplug or power cycle the modem. after plugging the portal in again, powering up, and letting it initialize for the third attempt i got the green light. i don’t think i did anything different between attempt 2 and attempt 3, but got different results.  the good news is that with a bit of perseverance it works great now. if anyone gets results with portal that are worse than their current router i recommend they confirm the green light is on.
the results of the macbook pro results are peculiar.  among the devices i’ve tested so far the mbp is the only 3-antenna device. (802.11n or ac / # of antenna) iphone 6 – ac/1 ipad air 2 – ac/2 ipad air – ac/1 ipad 2 – n/1 macbook pro 15” (late 2013) – ac/3 idl: any hypotheses on why the mbp would get lower speeds than an iphone 6?
the performance from my portal is better than expected.  i hooked up my portal yesterday on my first floor.  i ran tests with my 60 mbps service.  devices tested include: iphone 6, ipad air 2, ipad air, ipad 2, and macbook pro (late 2013).  i was getting 60-65 mbps consistently with two exceptions. (1) ipad 2 - getting roughly 40 consistently.  note: as an 802.11n device his is the only non-ac device.  (2) macbook pro (mbp) test results ranged from 40-65 mbps.  this is strange because this the only 3-antenna device tested.  i would have expected the mbp to yield equal or better performance.  it’s very fast in a corporate wi-fi network - 80% as fast on wi-fi as wired via ethernet. the range of the 5 ghz network was also impressive.  in my basement, i was getting a poor cell signal, but due to also having a poor wi-fi signal my iphone was not able to utilize wi-fi calling.  therefore, i had bought two portals and ran an ethernet cable down there and was planning on running the two portals in bridge mode.  i’ve only installed my first portal, but if the signal strength/speed holds i don't even need the second portal. i did my testing after 10:00 pm so it wasn’t the true stress test.  i can pick up about 30 wi-fi networks from my home so i’ll need to test in the 8:00pm-10:00pm timeframe.  that’s when my former router would give spotty performance.
@davidhall – i agree with your assessment of fast.com vs ookla’s speedtest.net.  ookla results seem to be artificially constrained at times.  over multiple tests fast.com yields a higher average result, but the highest fast.com result is not higher than the highest speedtest.net.  in one case, the speedtest.net results were 20% lower than fast.com.  i closed out of speedtest.net and when i reconnected again the speedtest.net results matched the fast.com results.  i must have connected to a bad server in the first case.
received my portal today! haven't installed it yet, really excited after reading everyone's reviews. thanks for everything and being so receptive to your backers idl, goodluck with everything (even though you dont seem to need it at all lol)  :d
@movie kang thank you
"hd" refers to 5gz network.
this is possibly a silly question - but i see some people talk about 'portal' and 'portal hd' - what is that, what is the difference?  it's not people just referring to 2.4ghz vs 5ghz bands is it?
my portal rocks! fios was at 75mbs, with portal i am maxed at the 150mbs plan limit. easy set up, great job!
hooked everything up and it seems to be running fine other than the internet cuts off once in a while. i pay for 300mbs and close to the router i'm getting 250+ everywhere else in my apartment i get 200 and in the farthest corner i get 165. overall i'd say it's a pretty solid router
i've sent followup emails on my ticket #726 and haven't received replies.
i recommend fast.com for more accurate testing than speedtest. it doesn't give you logs - but it's all run by netflix  and in my experience - their servers are more consistent. the issue with speedtest is that anyone can run a server - and i frequently find that the limiting factor is the speed of the test server - rather than my internet connection.
@thiago i was using a few on line services. my usual is ookla and speedtest.net but if you do a search with "on line speed test" or similar statement you will get lots of choices.
@eric the sequence is essential. be sure your isp modem is off and brought up only after everything is connected. sequence is modem back up then portal up. try that
my portal came this week. got it all connected and i am pretty impressed. any chance that kickstarter backers could grab extras at a discounted price?
my portal came yesterday, looking forward to hooking it up.
i receive my portal yesterday. i'm not successful as you guys. i when through every step multiple times. reset multiple times. it said i'm connected... then i get this message: something's wrong. portal is offline. can you help me out, so i too, can enjoy my portal.
i received my portal last week. i am in california. the setup was very easy. plugged in as described on included card. the light on top flashed as expected. it started to blink indicating a firmware up date. after it finished i had to reboot modem once. after that works flawlessly. speed is great. i use a macbook and did setup via the laptop. i have an android phone and did download the app. i found it a little confusing and didn't seem to cover all bases. i switched to the computer and it was a breeze. i have a small place so coverage not an issue. i use both the 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands. great job portal. glad to see your continuing to work on improvements and updates.
got my portal today but did not install it will do it tomorrow. just wandering what app or software are you guys using to test the upload and download speed.
in case anyone is interested i ran some test using different scenarios and here are the results: i am a fios user @ 150mbs. i'm connected via ethernet using a linksys wrt1900ac router running dd-wrt firmware on the router. (no quantum router in the mix, sent that packing back to verizon). all measurements were done roughly 30' away from the portal through 3 rooms. 1) router wifi (5ghz) 45 down 82 up 2) powerline 28.5 down 13.5 up 3) portal 66.5 down 70 up 4) portal hd 152 down 167 up note - powerline is a wired connection protocol using your existing ac wiring. finally - even from a distance the portal hd results are identical to a direct wired connection at the router. portal is a technology that delivers results, and i have no affiliation with the portal product, just a backer like everyone else. just excited to back something that actually delivers results way above and beyond what i actually expected!!! good work!!!!!
i had 15-18 mps before now i get close to 60 really works great
got mine today as well, wireless speed went up from 5mb to the full 60mb that my provider gives me, awesome! got it setup in 10mins with the iphone app.
installed fine, took maybe 15min including the firmware update.  doubled my download speed from 60-70 to 120mbps. wow
wow! just got mine.  easy set up and everything.  and it's faster.   thanks guys!  well done!
i am impressed with the delivery of this project. hardly ever does a complex technology project ship even remotely on time, but this project has delivered in spades, congratulations!
@nick thanks for the info, they said i may be getting mine shipped soon now, having at least one is better than none i guess @mohammed portal may not help your ps4 unless it is the new new version, the old model doesn't have a 5ghz radio in it, but even for 2.4 your 1.3 is bad for having that 55meg connection, hope it works out
received my portal a couple of days ago, it's a very sleek looking piece of hardware! setup was easy and quick. speeds are fast and the signal range is quite good. features are a bit limited currently but to be expected as it's still in development and it is perfectly usable in its current state within my environment. would it be possible to make portal compatible with the bitdefender box?
love my portal!  streaming hd throughout my house is amazing.  easily better performance than my nighthawk.  only one thing... is anyone experiencing their portals being warm?
why are guest networks limited to the 2gz network?
finally got my portal 30 minutes ago, i've been streaming on it for 15 minutes.  ultra quick setup through the downloaded app, love the hd option.  whole fam is already seeing a difference in our surfing.
@jeffery.. great call, i received my first of two portals it is still in the box for this reason mainly and agree they do need to reprioritize what they plan on doing with band steering asap...
i got my portal yesterday and i seem to be having trouble with it, it keeps disconnecting from the internet, not my device but the portal router unit itself. i'm not sure if it is the unit, the service provider,or the modem. if it is the modem what would the recommended modem be to fix this problem. please get back to me so i can fix the issue. now i have to wait for it to connect to post this.
@siddhartha glad to see you online after our chat session with support. please refer to your ticket for any further questions.
@pino - please see your ticket for an update.
hello idl, wasn't band steering supposed to be released mid october.  now i see that it is tbd on the support website.  i believe many would find this useful immediately as i wouldn't want to split the networks, change individuals devices to use the appropriate network and then need to reconfigure them again when band steering is released.  can you give us a more firm target date for band steering?  thank you.
hey portal team, haven't heard back from my support request for a few days now. hoping you can help.
revived mine today(utah). i consider my self average as it relates to all things router(s) and this was very easy to set up. i'll continue to test speeds but so far, i am finally getting the speed i have been paying the cable company for years, and never got. very nice looking and packaged well. so far so good!
@portal.  got port, nice packaging and really easy setup.  i have an older one story with plaster (yes plaster) walls.  penetration, even with weak signal, still better than my previous router with booster.   job well done!
ok setup went through like a breeze!! my speeds for the regular network is lower than my asus, while the hd network is running at the same speed at about 55 mbps. my ps4 is at 1.3 mbps....i might cry. i took pictures of the results. i use speed test by oklaa, do you all use anything else? i'm no where near 150 mbps.
@nelson e3 - i received one of two of mine today (got tracking notification a few days ago).  my pledge was for the twin pack us/canada (i am in the us).  so the 'one now, rest later' applies to everyone it seems, not just those who took add-ons.
@creator - thanks for the speedy response. i sent an email.
has anyone that did the 2 portal pledge tier received anything yet? i know they said they weren't shipping additional portals until everyone had received their first one but i thought they perhaps meant add-ons?
@all - please help complete this 1-min survey for a chance to enter one of three $50 gift cards. we really care about your input! :) https://goo.gl/forms/igynafx1vkgrnlmn2
@chris - changing modes takes about a minute since the settings need to be propagated. recommend changing mode, waiting a few minutes, and trying again. if you already did so please let us know your setup at https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
@creator!! thank you for simplifying it!!! want to know something exciting?!? i just received my portal ( black). can't wait to try it out. i'm hoping my other portal (white) will come soon as well. i just checked my backer kit, for some weird reason it shows 2 black. but i had selected one white, and one black so we can differentiate between them, or if i give one to my parents i know secretly mine won't be jacked at family parties lol. would you kindly please look into it.
@quin - can you please let us know your setup via support? https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
got mine today. plugged in and fired everything up with new portal could not connect to anything. lights all worked as advertised, neither the winbox or the macbook pro would connect to anything. portal was recognized but could not connect, tried the password, tried both sites to get something usable, no joy. very disappointed at this stage (3 hrs) going back to airport extreme until they work out the bugs. great concept, not a lot bang for the buck, at least on my end. hopefully tech support will solve my issues.
hey all! i got mine in the mail today. i'm setting it up currently. i have been waiting for the portal light to turn green for over half an hour now. the instructions say that it may only take 10 minutes. is anybody else facing the same issue?
got mine in today. set things up with no issue. only issue i've had is my vizio m series tv doesn't seem to work on either compatibility mode (i.e. a or b). i'm going to go check out the forums for other info. has anyone here had success using a vizio m series without turning off the fast lanes?
amazing speeds on my cell phone across wifi. can't wait for all the updates that are coming. great project it is so worth it.
just set it up and so far really impressed. tripled the download speed according to multiple speed tests, and at least doubled upload speed. ping lowered slightly too. really loving it, both in its functionality and its aesthetic. definitely one of the best kickstarter projects i've backed. very professional communication, updates, and packaging. the end-result is spot on to what was promised to deliver, and timing was on time -- a huge rarity nowadays in kickstarter campaigns. the app was also easy to follow. thanks for the amazing work!
@idl where can i buy a second portal for using in europe ? can i buy from amazon.com or are these not certfied for using in europe ? thanks for a comment
i just received my portal yesterday and so far i'm very impressed.  i'm not only getting the speeds that were originally promised by my internet company but now i'm actually get a little more.  my connection has been steady with no drops and i couldn't be happier!  this has so far been the best thing i funded on kickstarter! to those who are still waiting, be patient cause it's well worth the wait!
set mine up yesterday and tested it.  consistently tripled my download speeds and only slightly increased ping rate.  extremely pleased.  well done.
@mohammed - once you pair and setup 2 portals as one network (mesh) then all you need is power on the 2nd portal; it will work wirelessly between your two floors.
can't wait until vpn update is complete.  i hope it comes sooner than later.
@alex walker thanks so much! we have a 3 story house.  my ps4 is in the basement and my router is right under the attic but in the corner of the house. can't extend it or move the router to another location. the idiot that installed it must have been in another world. so we usually only get coverage on the 2nd level, everything else is on the 1st floor and basement works if it feels like it. that is why i bought two portals and wanted to know how to daisy chain. i don't have ethernet cables running through the walls at home, so does that mean i can simply plug the other portal in an outlet and it would work? do i need to purchase something to connect them as they would be on two separate floors?
@tony karian i followed the comments section and i recalled the creator told us the second portal would come as less prioritized. i checked the listed rewards and there is no twin pack reward as early adopter. and anyway, they clearly stated they will send the second unit after every backers get their first units.
@christian - here are app store links ios: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/portal-wifi-router-easy-fast/id1148752771… google play: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… thanks @davey!
@david... i should have checked... next time... thanks for that... genuinely :)
@david...��
@biren. because you keep saying it. doctors have patients. sometime they also have patience. normally i wouldn't mention it and it's totally off topic so apologies to everyone else but since you have used it incorrectly - at least a thousand times due to your comment spam - you severely tested my patience :-)
ah, i scanned through the "delivery update" for "twin pack" and didnt' see anything, on a second read through i see the following - ok, that makes sense, though fwiw i'd recommend adding the "twin pack" string to your updates so folks searching for "twin" go directly to the relevant update. thx! "second and additional units: we are still very tight on supply, and in order to ensure that all backers get their first units first the eta for delivery of second and additional portals is scheduled for the week of 11/21. "
hi - i messaged a copule of times privately, but no response; hoping someone from portal is reading this thread. i had pledged for a twin pack, but have only received a single portal. please advise asap, thank you.
correction..typo. i received my portal 18 days ago and installed it three days later. the tests i ran were with the ac1750 for the first part of october until the 15'th and then installed and started my testing with the portal on the 16'th.
he'll kickstarters. received my portal about 10 days ago and after installing it i started my own series of tests against my ac1750 and some basic speed test metrics i gathered over the last 30 days. i tested the range, load speed for several graphic intense n line games, several movies and both hulu and netflix broadcast services. here are some basic results. the on line games loaded brilliantly compared to the good quality i had with the ac router. i ran this comparison a few times each day for 2 weeks at varying time of day and under various local loads on my isp as it was under demand from a variety of devices. (ipads, phones, pcs). post local client load the portal handled the loads in fast lane mode better then the ac1750 by a substantial margin. 4-5 second load vs 15-20 + second loads for the ac. throughput and consistency of the game play was excellent with few lags and only minimal game load in issues which could very well have had more to do with the game server then my wifi. i was able to reset my video graphics to a more detailed setting without impacting the game play or increasing lag by more then a few ms. as you know upload speeds and download speeds are impacted by a variety of factors beyond the local wifi router. i did not see and substantial increase in either of these but given multiple measurements via speed tests available on line i did measure a more consistent result in both of these areas. hard to tell for sure if that was due to the portal or if i just got lucky over a two week period. but i will give the benefit of the doubt to the portal given i ran lots of speed tests for both routers and the portal did give me consistent better results. the overall improvement ranged from a few percent to 8% on a cable isp with an sla of 60mb download and 8mb upload service. about 70% of my area does not have fiber yet so i am a hybrid of copper and fiber. the range of the router is better. my home is large at about 4000 sq feet and the router sits centrally located on the first floor just outside of my office. the configuration of my house is important to know since it is built into a hill so from the front of the house it appears as a ranch with the first floor below ground but fully exposed as a two story home in the back. this definitely impacts wifi coverage to the further corners of the upstairs including deck areas outside and at the furthest south end of the house. the ac covered the area with about 50% loss of signal strength at the furthest southern point outdoors on the deck. the portal loss less then 20% to the same area giving me much better results for services such as skype video and facetime. so is the portal living up to expectations based upon the kickstarter claims? from my experience the answer is yes. i was also impressed that as a technology project i have been mostly very disappointed with kickstarter projects (i was part of most of the real failures over the last few years) but portal has done a great job delivering on schedule and delivering a very well packaged, retail ready product with good value. nice job team!
hlide:  your assumption is incorrect.  i ordered both at one time, as early adopter, and per the updates these were supposed to have been delivered.  since both were ordered _as one order_ i'd expect them to be shipped together. since i've only received notice of one shipment, this tells me that nothing else is en route and a mistake has been made.  not the first time on ks or ig that i received a partial shipment due to a mistake. still hoping for a more informed response to my partial shipment question...
just received mine today. beautiful and sleek looking. (black model - us for those keeping track) i'm excited about the product but it feels like a 'batteries not included' toy since so many of the basic functions i've taken for granted are still on the development for the device. i am by no means upset or angry. i understood this was a possibility since it wasn't developed by a megacorp. please just make sure that this wonderful device continues to receive attention and updates for as long as possible instead of being tossed aside for next year's model like so many other companies do. thanks for all your hard work idl.
@tony karian before posting such a question, you could have your answers in the updates sections. especially the last one entitled "delivery update".
hi. i ordered and paid for a twin pack, but my shipment arrived and i received only one.  can you please update me on the arrival of my second portal?  thanks, tony
i apologize for my earlier comment about the beeping.  i finally tracked down the source of the sound and it wasn't my portal at all.  it turned out that it was coming from an uninterruptible power supply.
@christian lamadé please search for portal wifi router in your app store/market. you should find the app there.
@christian lamadé please search for portal wifi router in your app store/market. you should find the app there.
we got our portal last week, and all i have to say is wow!!! we get over 200mbps internet because we are a house full of gamers and have lots of friends over and do lots of streaming. not only does portal keep up with us, but the wifi is just as fast as the ethernet as long as you're in the main room (it can't reach the whole house at full power, it's a big house). super impressed, very happy, housemates love us for buying it. thank you for making this router!
@ idl thanks for the eu update.
great news in the update section for eu backers also people commenting about our patients and trying to explain kickstarter concept... really appreciate your time and effort.... amazing job with helping us what we know
when will the survey come out for the eu-backers? still no portal :/
hello where s the app ?
hello supporters and those who have not understood the idea of kickstarter and of crowd-sourcing. you have indirectly bought a product which you paid in a planning and production phase. as it is also in your life, you assume and plan things and it isn't working or it is not happening at the time you thought of. please do not spam the comments here like biren patel does. ok, idl was little late with giving some ideas, maybe they made one mistake not to provide a nanny for all those who want daily report. be adults and stay reasonable.
received my portal yesterday and by far the best thing i've invested in on kickstarter...beyond pleased with this project! thank you
i agree with other eu backers , creator how hard is to tell us backers u r behind schedule for a couple of week instead of silence which is killing
@creator i live in canada and still nothing.  could you please give me an update on my shipment? thank you.
@alex.  that is sweet!  cant wait to get mine set up.  thanks for sharing your information.  will give an update of my install when it gets here. best, dave
and a third eu backer also requesting an update on shipping. as eu early bird shipping should be at end of october which is now. but neither did i get a tracking number nor did you say anything in your update that was just released.
@dave greene my setup has the portal on the second floor of the house, however the internet enters the house in the basement. pre-portal, the only place in the house you could get the full 150mbps speeds that we pay for was in the room on the second floor where the router was, with a heavy degradation of the signal to the point where anywhere else in the house you got between 50mbps at best or 25mbps at worst. and this was with a rather good asus gigabit router, a router i love, but which frankly pales in comparison. post-portal, we're now getting 150-175mbps throughout the house. no daisy-chaining necessary. this is a 3000sqft house 3 stories and a basement. all covered by a single portal. 150mbps everywhere. it's insane. @mohammed a khan start out with one portal in a central area and see how well it does. because for me one portal is successfully handling a 3000sqft, 3 story (not including the basement) home. the ps4 in my home that is a floor above the portal (and on the opposite side of the house through a stairwell and 5 walls) is getting 135-150 mbps. wirelessly. i don't even need to hardline it anymore. played overwatch over the wireless signal last night and it was flawless. you'll likely see similar results, especially if you put your ps4 on the 5ghz connection (i still have the 2.5 and 5ghz connections separated - haven't tried the combined network setting yet).
my portal intermittently emits a rapid beeping sound.  i don't know if this is an alarm or what, but unless it's telling me that it's about to melt down into a non-functioning pile of goo, i'd like to turn this beeping off.  any advice how i can do that?
another early adopter eu backer here - please provide an update on the delivery schedule. thanks!
@creator tomorrow will be the last day in october and apparently no eu backers were notified for a date delivery up to now. could you make an update in this regard? you were perfect in your communication but strangely quite quiet regarding us eu backers. while i do certainly not share the same feeling and spamming method as biren patel, i do not agree with the us backers making a fuss about our legitimate asking for news regarding our rewards: we are not asking for being delivered all at once but just not to be kept in the dark as it is the case up to now.
i had ordered two portals because i have a multi story house, usually in the basement i barely get internet to play and stream on my ps4. my portals are supposed to arrive tomorrow. could someone be kind enough to help me understand what is a daisy chain? do i need to buy something extra to have them connected?
@heather - well said.  people tend to forget that kickstarter isn't a store but more a way to act as an angel investor and then possibly get a perk in return. side note, got my tracking number for a black portal.  estimated delivery is tuesday on the us east coast.  just to give an idea of how shipping progresses.  seems like they are coming from la so east coast might be a little behind compared to others.
guys stop it with the spamming, i'm sure he was just trying to grab the creator's attention since eu backers has no respond from them so far and it's end of the month. c'mon any guy would lose their patience. so what's the respond? @biren
also i achieved what i wanted to... grab there attention... i know it's not in a positive way but already they are reminded about the europeans :)
mr movie.... i am not all i am asking is an update... they days end of oct... which is now thanks for your point of view
biren, you are being annoying.  your acting childish and throwing a tantrum because you can't have your portal now.  your point of view is pointless, when you ask about deliveries, while they clearly are being made.
i asked the question on the support email... i got a survey asking how good the response was with out them responding.... and you guys an me to be patient... you have to look from my point of view how irritating this is... especially when they take time to help people setup... even a simple response like we are having issues with what ever and trying to resolve will suffice... i can share screen shots of you guys don't trust me
california, usa. i received mine ( black unit, for others tracking the colors going out). setup is kinda a brat since it's only partially working for me and the error messages are unhelpful, but i'm going to keep futzing with it later and i'm sure i'll get it working properly eventually. @biren: you did not buy a product, you donated money to a startup that may or may not reward you. since they are sending out portals, i'm guessing the eu delay is related to shipping/customs/all the other drama that shipping to the eu tends to bring. considering i received mine, i'm betting yours will arrive probably in the next month or two. but don't harass everyone in the comments by spamming or trying to threaten about what your money bought you. kickstarter is not a store. this is gambling at its finest - sometimes you get something cool for your money, sometimes you get something cool a year or two after you thought you'd get it, and sometimes you never get anything for your money at all. send them emails via their website, that's totally legit. but don't spam the comments threatening about what your money bought you. you didn't buy anything. you donated your money via kickstarter to the portal folk in the hopes you might receive something. take a chill pill and realize they're clearly trying to fulfill orders.  to everyone waiting - waiting sucks. we all know it, but thank you to everyone having patience. they are clearly trying to send them out as quickly as they can. we have no idea what is happening in their home life and why the communication ended, but portals are being received by people so they're clearly doing the best they can to get them out. hopefully yours come soon as well. it sounds like people who get it fully set up are very happy with the product. i hope to join their ranks soon. *goes back to futzing with settings* /rant
@alex. thanks for update. stoked to hear success story like yours.  what is your setup?  is it central on house or where cable enters (like garage)? thanks so much
got my portal a week ago (don't worry, folks, they are in fact following through) and just set it up tonight. my 5ghz network on a 150mbps used to be degraded to 50mbps by the time it reached rooms/repeaters on the third floor. now, it's coming through at 100%. that's insane. my ps4 was speedtesting at 25mbps before i swapped in the portal, and now it's getting 125. i don't need to hardline it anymore (i still will, but i don't have to now). this router is fantastic. congratulations, guys, you just made a fan for life. i'll be recommending these to friends and family.
i definitely trust idl and know that i will get my portal one day. as david suggested, they may have an issue with europe delivery and i can easily deal with this, if creators keep me informed.  in fact this (small) situation is more embarrassing than stressing for me.  but this obvious dodge from idl is quite disturbing. hope they ear us and respond frankly, as they always did from the begin of this adventure.  it will also be more respectful for us and will take no time for them.
@francis - i could be wrong but you might get around 6.1% voltage drop in that cable, so consider lengthening with some ac cable instead (i like the short ones which are intended to avoid transformers blocking multiple outlets on power strips).   regarding delivery, i got my us super early white around end of september which was a couple months later than original july estimate; the only tracking info came from my account with ups not idl.  so it is not surprising if rest of backers are delayed similar couple months from their original estimate (and that idl delays my add-on black color unit in order to ship first units to others faster).
to those who need extra long extension cable for the adapter the cable type 2468 you can buy it amazon like this one https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00ftfyh0u/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00… easy solve for the 4 feet cable. to the eu backers i know your frustration believed me idl is not a scam you should see the znaps on kickstarter. maybe the idl is having trouble in custom like any other product like these just keep on asking on the support website they can answer more privately for any issue.
backer #2194. received the first of my 2 portals yesterday. utah usa.
@biren - thank you.  i am also an eu backer so i do feel your pain. i am also a bit sad that idl obviously have an issue with the european delivery and aren't being open about it. the biggest shame is that they were so so good at the start ! i really thought it was the prototypical 'how to do kickstarter right' campaign - a view echoed by many other experienced kickstarters.
portal is legit.  eu people, your product is coming.  it should be obvious to you that others are receiving their units.  the key is waiting.  even those like myself who received their units, we still had to wait for the units to arrive.  be patient.  i think you will love the product and it's potential.  i can't wait for the updates to happen.  portal is on the right track for sure.
got my tracking number yesterday too. estimated delivery is wednesday this week.
@ creator is it correct that portal supports seamless roaming when a set up a system of two portals ( mesh ) ?
please update eu backers that would be great!
got my tracking number today!!!
guys sorry... but my issue is that they are completely ignoring all eu backers... the creator needs to respect our money's as well
*patience @biren
@biren patel. can you stfu.  you aren't achieving anything. you just annoy your fellow backers. i know you are new to kick-starter to please take this as a lesson. nothing you buy on here will get to you on time. be patient.  you are harassing other backers as much as you are trying tk harass the creators (but since there is only one creator and thousands of backers - actually most of the harm you are causing is for us). i understand you are annoyed by the delay but your portal will arrive.  if you don't calm down i will complain to kick-starter about your abusive behaviour and you will get banned from the comments thread.
everyone please stop spamming the comments. it makes it hard for us to read and find updates from the creators and people who have gotten the portals already.
hi,  i have only received one of the 2 portals that i ordered. on the backerkit site i see 2 tracking numbers but one looks to be invalid. how do i find out if the second one was shipped?
it arrived today. pre-install download speed was 101.39mbps. post-install download speed was 194.1mbps. i had to write an amazon review, which i really do. i am really impressed and excited about this. thanks.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
whoohoo!  got a tracking number, and found out that mine is out for delivery today!  should be at home when i get done working.  should be a fun weekend!!
any updates on shipping havent heard anything in awhile us early adopter le red #691  havent received tracking number or anything yet. thanks
@creator - when is adaptive band steering coming?  it was supposed to come in mid-october, but it's not even listed on your feature rollout timeline at all.  not even as a tbd. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/229985987-portal-features-timeline
i don't know what happened. you communicated so good before, but now we are just kept in the dark and all the comments about the eta for eu backers are totally ignored. as others have said any information would be very welcome at this point, even if it's bad news. bad news is a lot better then to be kept in the dark as long as it seams reasonable and credible.  the last we've heard is end of october for early adopter eu backers, but i guess that is not going to happen. please just give us an update.
this is starting to be annoying. i am getting the impression idl are ignoring all eu backers' enquiries about a new delivery schedule. you only have one reputation and you are ruining it right now, idl. if you want to bury your brand before you even go mainstream you are doing one hell of job. it's not the wisest choice to make on your side but it is your choice nonetheless. and it all seems so weird and in a stark contrast with how well you had communicated up until a certain point a few weeks ago. i expect an early update for eu backers and an apology for being rude and completely ignoring us.
did that dude nothing... it's been 4 days since i did that...
why not email them. i live in the us but haven't received mine yet either. so i emailed them and got a response within two days. you'll probably have more luck. i would assume since the program is over and funded they will check the comments a lot less then if you email directly. just saying, it worked for me. still waiting on the tracking number. was told next week i'd have number. hope u can.
i am sorry all backers but this is the only mode of communication i have to get there attention... the creators love responding to americans who have there devices but to others ...cold shoulder... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
i am not trying to be annoying but... trying to grab the attention of the creator... i apologise in advance to all backers for the inconvenience this is going to cause you... but we eu backers need a response and i will make sure i grab there attention...
@ignition design labs; please be so kind to update the delivery information for your european backers. allot of spouse is going around you are not delivering any units to your backers. @barin patel; i understand your frustration but spamming is not going to help with the question in matter, all european backers have i think not received their portal unit yet.
mr dave... the creator is supposed to respond to our request and as eu backers we deserve to be kept in the loop... if you followed the conversation you will notice that the creators are completely ignoring eu backers... also if you got your device and are technically challenged contact the help line y discuss on this forum... i am trying to grab the attention of the creator as they are not ready to update the eu backers....
mr patel has proven himself annoying and now causing undue decline in backer/creator communications. any way he can be removed from this process?
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans i hope you don't miss this message in the crowd of complaints regarding setup.
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
are you seriously trying to test our patients... please update european backers... at this point any response would be a good one.... we did pay you our hard earned money and you received the exact same amount as the americans
wow are you serious... are you wantingly ignoring us
@francis - there is a known issue on the web ui interface wherein dlna will remain enabled regardless of the on/off toggle. documented at https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/231474488-web-ui-dlna-toggle-on-off we have also tested it on roku successfully. kindly let us know some specifics requested via support ticket to help your specific issues. please note that we have published a timeline of upcoming features at https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/229985987-portal-features-timeline
@cody - we opened a support ticket for you. kindly check your inbox.
hi all, i wanted to share an update i just received from a support chat (and supported by the features timeline recently posted on their support site).  apparently adaptive band steering (the ability to use a single ssid for both 2.4 and 5ghz networks) is no longer planned for this month as mentioned several times in the comments, and has no concrete date at this time. personally, this is one of the features i was most looking forward to, but it looks like we will have to wait. understandably, i think they are prioritizing legacy device support (for some of you who have devices that dont work in the dfs channels).
hi, like biren, aaron & others european bakers i'd like to get some news about delivery dates. you made a near perfect communication job during campaign but since its end europeans supporters only gets spare/deceptive news: far delivery date, then no more news, you only talk to us bakers transparently ignoring europe..  why? with all respect due to our us fellows, they are not alone and i think we deserve a better treatment from you. after all, our euros make the same sound as their dollars in your purse now. please answer us asap.  thanks you.
hello creator... backer 478 (red edition) and no tracking info. checked my email (and spam) and nothing. i see 702 got theirs... can you give me any info???
ok just giving a headsup my initial impression on the portal not so great, i would say too much hype it is a pretty basic router without any other features aside from the fastlane which i cant tell if it is working on me. the weird thing is by pressing the reset button on the back reset it from the portal app on the phone but everything like password of the router ssid and webui are not being erase to the factory default password which i found weird unlike every single device i have used resetting it usually revert it to the factory password and username. aside from it the compatibility mode will revert the channel on 5ghz to the usual crowded channel which is 36 and 149 to my understanding you will loose the fastlane upon using the compatibility mode (creator may comment on this since i am not sure about it). about the range i am comparing it to my asus rt-ac68r and for some reason like some others i am loosing speed and connection where my asus router has a barely connection i will still look on this further since i am using it only for a day and lastly no matter what i do resetting the router, formatting my wd hd still not allowing me to turn on the dlna on the webui it is really frustrating me their support get back at me and say on their end they have it working on their portal, if i correctly look on the past comment i saw people having same trouble turning on the dlna i just hope they won't ignore the issue since there a few user only complaining about it on the comment.
got my super early backer portal today in saskatoon, canada. in black. at 3am this morning i also received the email telling me it was on it's way (it was already in the city waiting to be delivered).
one thing i'd love to have is published changelogs whenever an upgrade is pushed to my router. a notification would be awesome as well.
i got my portal (one of two) setup - works like a charm - tested it and achieved a big bump over my old r7000 - customer service - when i got it was great!
received 1st portal in to, canada.  unfortunately it was the wrong color (ordered red but got color black) so i don't know if i can setup to test.  opened a ticket with support via "portalwifi.com" but no response yet.
just an update regarding my ooma voip issue. ooma suggested putting the ooma between my modem and wifi router for "best voice quality," however, you could also connect from the modem to router and then use an ethernet port to the ooma. this completely solved my issue and i don't notice any difference in voice quality at all! i was contacted by vinit at the portal customer service and he was great in helping me out! thanks portal!!!
@piero bosco, they have already confirmed that wigig is not and will not be supported.  there are hardware requirements so it is not something they can just support with an ota update. i agree that it would have been nice to get wigig support down the line but honestly it is not surprising.  the vast majority of routers that are currently on sale will also not be able to support wigig. cheers...
@biren patel and i thought i was alone. seriously i have no idea what's going on, i don't even have a tracking number which was promised on monday few weeks ago. did you have any?
hi can you email me my tracking number, i am moving offices next month so im worried that i will not receive my portal! also will portal be able to get a software update to support wigig as wireless vr is next big thing!
@creator sorry what do you wish to know about my setup? i'm not really sure what information you are looking for? i have cable internet that runs from my modem to my new portal and then i'm broadcasting that out to all my devices and any device that i can i'm connecting to my hd network. my range is kind of disappointing just 1 room away though in my bedroom. i will be getting a 2nd portal from you guys, but it will be going downstairs (connected through ethernet) also i just found out that apparently i need my apple airport in order to continue to use a network attached drive for time machine unless i want to go through the hassle of running some code. i'd rather not do that. is there anyway i can run my older airport extreme (wireless n only) as a bridge router to extend my network and also give me the ability to run time machine? thanks
update on eu shipments please?
hello. creator why are you ignoring the european backers... you replied to a bunch of people but conveniently ignored the question when will you ship to eu. if you did not want to support eu y did you. commit to take our hard earned money.
early adopter, backer #605, received my portal mid last week in fl. hope this helps anyone still waiting.
@francis - we re-verified that dlna works on portal and supported on roku; able to stream movies and music. happy to understand your setup and help get you going. kindly view detailed updates on your support ticket.
@ creator the were you able to toggle the dlna on in the webgui and save it?
@movie k - ps4 only supports 2.4ghz network; sorry no 5g radio hence it cannot see the "hd" fastlanes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/playstation_4_technical_specifications https://fccid.io/ak8cuh100c1
@cody - can you please let us know your setup? would love to make sure you get the most from your portal.
@levy - wigig is not supported.
ok so today my portal came i am backer 702 limited red edition and residing on ca the portal came from otx logistics cerritos ca, i received the incomplete tracking before and after that never received any updated tracking info. i am now having trouble with enabling the dlna on the portal it won't save the settings talk to the support chat and they can't figure it out.
yes look comment of francis pls!!
i'm from the houston area and still haven't received a tracking number....just curious as to how much longer we will be waiting? thanks!
hi to those who received their portal maybe include your backer number and state, maybe that way we can at least determine if we are being skipped. i am one of the early adopter of limited edition red with backer number 702 and residing in ca still no portal yet.
wigig certification - will portal acquire this?  if so will the device we're receiving use it and how will it happen - ota?
@chocolate - agreed, bigger than i thought to for some reason.
hello please don't keep the eu backer in dark you need to give us some hope .... don't you think we have waited long enough :(
hi creator, any news for european backers? it's end of the month and no tracking number still.
vancouver, bc reporting in, received my red portal today. still waiting on my 2nd black unit, but sounds like that will be after everyone gets their first unit. first impressions are mixed. in a lot of ways its much better than my aging apple airport extreme that was dual band wireless-n only. as far as range goes. i'm laying in my bedroom and its in the next room over with only 1 real wall separating us and my iphone 6 is only picking up 2 bars... i expected better to be honest for range. i've also had an issue where when waking my iphone is takes a minute or so for it to connect to the wifi. hope this stuff gets sorted out.
i meant to add, first impression on opening the box: portal is bigger than what i didn't realize i was expecting.
i'm in toronto, canada and got my first portal today. it didn't ship from a toronto hub though but instead came from quebec. i haven't set it up yet, but will comment again when i do.
as an fyi im in canada, no tracking number, but my portal was at my door today ;) after setup however, i find the speeds to be a bit slower than my rogers modem, so hopefully i can optimize in some way
@chris. sorry, had a really stressful day. i shouldn't have taken it out on idl. i... :'(
hamilton, calm down man.  the creators have been upfront about shipping delays.  you'll get your portal soon enough.  throwing a tantrum on their comment page isn't going to help anything.  if you are that concerned about the state of things reach out via the support e-mail address as what you posted here isn't going to help anything. from a back standpoint that has been one of the best kickstarters when it comes to being kept in the loop and apprised of product.  thanks to the portal team for putting together this project.  please don't let one person's frustrations reflect poorly on the rest of us.
@roger. you're a child who likes technology and reads this thread. your behavior is inappropriate and not appreciated. please do everyone a favor by staying off this public board, send an email to support, request a refund and be gone.
thanks.  my child who likes technology reads this thread. your behavior is inappropriate and not appreciated. please do everyone a favor by staying off this public board, send an email to support, request a refund and be gone.
hey, is this a scam or what? i'm seriously losing my patience here. actually, i've lost it already. where's the fucking tracking number? where are the fucking products i ordered and paid for?!? so many delays, so many "we'll keep you up to date" bullshit. but absolutely nothing. still empty handed. y'all promised that i would get my portals by mid october. that's passed already. and that's including the four weeks manufacturing delays y'all said you had. even if y'all eventually deliver the portals, i demand a reimbursement for the waiting time. time = money. i've spent way too much fucking time waiting for these fucking routers.
hi any updates for eu backers... we are in last week of oct now
for all the canadians: i have received my portal (toronto).  it came in today (wrong colour: i had changed it in the backerkit survey) but otherwise, works great)
hello to the canadians, i sent a message at portalwifi.com and they provided me with a tracking number that suggests i will be getting a portal delivered tomorrow. they have not commented on when i will be getting my second unit though, for those of you canadians that bought more than one. it does appear that some of the canadian units are being delivered this week if those tracking numbers are accurate. cheers
canadian here, montreal region. no news on any shipment.
@ tim and n.h. canadian backer here as well with no portal or any tracking information even. i have sent a message to portalwifi.com as directed by creator below. cheers
@tim,  i am a canadian early adopter and i still have not received even a tracking number.  i hope you are getting yours on monday (today) as the @creator is suggesting.  please let us know if you do. i contacted the @creator and they responded that they were expecting shipping info at the end of the day.  that was approximately a week ago. i sent a follow up message asking what is happening with my shipment and have yet to receive a response. it is really starting to seem like they maybe overwhelmed with the logistics and some of us are falling through the cracks. still waiting for an update on my shipment. best of luck to everyone.
khendry, in the us, portals are shipping out in the order that the pledges were received.  the shipments originate from a warehouse in the los angeles area.  with final delivery via ups.  once ups picks up you order, we are able to send out the tracking information. we are now shipping out a rate of several hundred of units per day. we expect to complete all of the us shipment in just over a week.
movie, please check out the general announcements and community discussions on portalwifi.com.  for the latest on upcoming features and compatibility issues.
hi tim, it's easier to help you on the portalwifi.com site as we get email addresses. but if you're the tim on berverly st. your portal is scheduled to arrive on monday.  canada post 7317823928968629
the portal team does not repond over the weekend. let's hope that changes soon. @ignition please give us an update on your latest delivery schedule to the us backers. thanks
ps4 doesn't seem to pick up "hd" fast lanes.  is there a fix for this?
haven't got my portal or a tracking number yet.
anyone else in canada still waiting?
2 questions: for a larger home using 2 portals, can setup be with only 1 ethernet wired portal or do both need ethernet wire? is it too late to change from 1 unit to 2?
@levy - for bridge mode did you try using one of the numbered lan ports (instead of wan)?  although i have not tried it myself, i believe that portal does not allow use of the wan connector in bridge mode. you should probably ask over on support.portalwifi.com, for example maybe you have missed an initial requirement of connecting to the internet to get updated firmware (i have found that for basic purposes like that it seems okay to plug portal's wan port into a lan port of your older router, though you want to be aware it causes a double-nat situation).
since this project is finished. i think i can speak about another project i stumbled upon today. it calls mvr ascend (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mvr/mvr-ascend-play-ps4-xbox-one-and-pc-games-in-tethe). what is it? it may look like a regular vr headset for smartphone but it is not just that:  - you can use your own smartphone as a vr display for the usual vr experience.  - you can also display game streaming from ps4 and pc with the smartphone.  - there is a dedicated screen (mandatory for xbox one) in replacement of the smartphone.  - you can display game streaming from ps4, xbox one and pc with the dedicated screen.  - there are two types of controllers: one for ps4/pc, the other for xbox one/pc. both look pretty much as their originals with additional functions. - the headset has interchangeable 2d & 3d lens adapters.  - the headset has also its own head tracking to be used for ps4, xbox one and pc.  - the headset is tether-free between the pc/console and the couple headset-controller through a good wifi connection (portaaaaaaaaaaaaaal!!!!!!!!!!!!!).  - the only wire is to connect the headset with the controller if you want to use the head tracking.  - the headset has headphone.  - the headset appear to have a transparency front-end to allow the front camera of your smartphone to operate: possible ar experience.  - the headset has a flip-flop function so you can open the visor and see your real keyboard, read a game walk-through on a monitor, etc. without needing to remove the whole visor from your head.
i'm trying install my router in bridge mode until i get by other router - i can't connect it - it will not pair
yeah, i m early adopter too and i have not my track number or just know something about my portal.. i sure about you are doing your best but we are waiting our router from many month. maybe was better buy a long ethernet cable
hi creator, it's almost end of the month and as a lot of backers they still haven't receive their portal. in fact, i don't even have a tracking number yet. please at least let us know when. i'm in desperate of needing a new router.
early backer here and nothing.   do we report this as a possible fraud ?  i sure hope not but am beginning to wonder
haven got my portal, haven't received a response and i am an early backer in the us. pls respond or just cancel my order and give me my money back.
backer #1,884 here, vancouver, bc, canada.  last email i got was the "last call" email on sept. 2, 2016 to verify my address. nothing since (today is oct. 22).
itunes app update today added compatibility mode. i was able to easily connect my original amazon echo and 2nd gen echo dot. i could connect my 1st gen amazon fire stick, but the 5ghz signal was good, while 2.4ghz was very good, so i left it on 2.4ghz
hello. if orders have started trickling out, when can i expect at least a tracking number or an email saying something that my item has shipped? thank you.
can you guys please respond to my email concerning canada's shipping? last week you promised me an answer on monday. it's now saturday.
portal received a few days ago, finally got around to setting up today. up and running in about 10 minutes and so far much better coverage and solid, consistent speed on the 5ghz band. last router was very inconsistent, speeds up and down all day. very impressed so far. job well done by the ignition team. looking forward to the updates to come.
hi guys, so far you have been an example of how ks campaigns should be run. almost every day communication with backers. prompt responses to all questions. the only questions you seem to be ignoring are the ones concerning portal being sold on amazon. it is probably because you are bound by an nda with amazon as david pointed out. i totally get it that you want a smooth transition from a kickstarter campaign to mass producing a mainstream product and you need to find viable distribution channels. maybe you could just put out an updated delivery schedule because it looks like you are falling behind on the latest one. this would put a lot of backers' minds at ease. for example i, as an early eu adopter, would love to know when to expect my delivery. as do many others. the other thing i wanted to mention is that after you successfully deliver to all backers you should focus on the software side of portal. please, develop all the usual router functionality and release a firmware update as soon as possible to make portal not only fast but also as useful as most competitors' products in this price bracket. keep the good work up and release that updated delivery schedule to calm backers down. overall, excellent job so far, idl team!!!
i don't think the few units on amazon is a biggie. it's pretty normal for amazon to want to test the delivery channels (to them) to make sure when it gets into heneral availability they know (for example) what size the boxes are and where to stack them etc in their warehouses. the creators will likely have had to send them (x) units in advance of their main delivery.  i don't begrudge them doing that since the alternative would be getting their large main delivery and not having anywhere to put it (since they wouldn't be able to ship to amazon without the aforementioned testing), naturally because it's amazon - they will have shipped those initial units (because hey - why not) and also portal have likely had to sign a nice amazon nda so they wont be able to talk about it. i've very sure everyone (including me, in europe) will get their portal; and in the meantime the good news is that since we all have a wifi router anyway - the world will keep turning and the ups lorry will eventually make everything right for everyone ;-)
will portal fully work with asus pce-ac68 (europe version)? european backer #158, limited red edition. thank you
verified purchases on amazon while i'm sitting here as a kickstarter backer with nothing.  that does not sit well with me.  people that have funded your project still do not have an item.  how can you be releasing units for retail before you meet your obligations with the people that helped you get a project off the ground?
can't believe you ship amazon orders while having kickstarter backers waiting... bad move, portal!
@jel - please let us know your setup; just sent you a response via support.
@tim - please let us know your setup; just sent you a response via support.
has anyone had any luck in getting samba shares or dlna to work? dlna's setting still won't stick for me and samba isn't working at all.
@matt - we are releasing compatibility mode on android tomorrow and submitting app to apple for approval today. you can then use compatibility mode to get these two tv's connected to the 5ghz. we will post details on the support page once its online. recommend you look at the fcc id on the back of the tv and plug the id into this site (https://fccid.io/) to find out which channels it supports. we couldn't find the fcc id online; you will need to look on the actual tv.
hi folks - please note that our support site is down this morning due to the severe ddos attack. please be patient as we respond to tickets once the site it online.  http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/major-websites-taken-down-by-internet-attack-397905801.html
starting to get frustrated. a few weeks back in canada i was sent a faulty tracking number that didn't work. when i reached out to you, you said it would ship last week and you'd have it fixed. then at the end of the week you said it would be fixed by this monday. i've sent you 2 follow up emails now this week to get an update and you have not responded at all. i'm starting to think that i shouldn't have ordered 2 of these units now.
whenever i use my ooma voip home phone, i notice a major slowdown in internet traffic on my pc and smartphone. usually there is a little slowdown on a regular router, but with the portal, there is almost a complete halt to internet traffic. can this be addressed in a future update? has anyone else experienced this?
@creator responding to post last week about samsung tvs that will not find the high speed channel, the models are un65hu7250 and  un55hu6830.  hope this helps.
to ignition design labs, i second gabriel ortiz's request below, please provide a revised timetable for deliveries as the previous one is lapsed and it appears many of us have not received our units. it is a bit unsettling to hear that amazon buyers have received some units already. and i do scroll down to check for responses, nothing there, so i am posting again. thanks for your attention to the matter. cheers
waiting for next update, and mainly waiting for my portal. when it's supposed all kickstarter backer will receive their equipment?
does anyone actually scroll down to see if their questions are answered already, as they are all there. the portal team have been awesome at answering questions and dealing with the very slight delay
people cancel their orders, thus the discrepancy
btw, the previous email was sent last week and i haven't heard anything from them this week. no delivery information. nothing. nothing at all.
seriously?!? "hi hamilton, our shipper provided several hundred faulty tracking numbers, and we have been delayed in personally responding. we will be sending out the limited edition red portal early next week from the warehouse in long beach via usps.  you will receive the tracking number once they have receive the shipment for final delivery. apologies for the confusion and delays."
how can this already been sold via amazon? wish i did already have mine :-(
has anyone receive their portals in europe? :(
seems that on amazon, there are already several verified purchase reviews.  how'd they get one so soon when it says "usually ships within  1-2 months"?  but it does state " usually"... but then again its also at retail price which is $40-$60 more than kickstarter pricing.
man, this thing is fire.   portal has greatly expanded the speed of my internet access.  thank you portal!
@ashish - sorry you are having trouble. please see the latest in your support ticket. look forward to getting you going.
i'm disappointed... the whole world has received its device, amazon is quoting it already and i'm waiting. the reason i backed was because i wanted (before the market) to have a unique new tech wifi accesspoint. by the time i receive mine (eu early backer) the whole village has on from amazon.
i received my black portal but havent been able to set it up with verizon fios. can anyone who had luck setting up portal in bridge mode confirm steps on how they did or possibly someone from portal respond to my support request (419).
it took a couple of days to get everything reconnected once i received my portal last week, but i blame that on the older devices, not on portal.  my phone, ipad, and laptop connected without a hitch to the 5ghz network.  the device that gave me the most trouble was my wemolink device, which only works on the 2.5 ghz band.  i had to keep trying over and over to connect after selecting the 2.5 ghz ssid and entering the correct password.  the link kept timing out.  once it finally connected, i had to reset and reconnect all of my light bulbs to the link, again wemo's problem, not portal's.  once i finally got the wemo squared away, i connected my amazon echo to the 5 ghz network and set up ifttt triggers to turn each light on and off via voice command.  if i had it to do all over again, i'd choose a better home automation technology than wemo, but i'm glad portal works so well with the wemo so i don't have to throw all of my light bulbs out and start over with a different brand.  my amazon echo works better than it ever has.  some of that may be due to amazon updates, but i could never stream music for long before.  with portal, the connection is so solid that i can stream internet radio all day.
has anyone in canada received a portal unit yet? if so could you share what part of canada you live in and if you ordered 1 portal or multiple units? and what color portal? i am a super early adopter in western canada (alberta), and have not even received any tracking information yet?? thanks
i find it really very unsatisfying that the first amazon orders are already delivered. with the import costs i will have to pay for this kickstarter it is the same price, but slower delivery time with the kickstarter? i like your communication and still think its a great product. but for your next product please make sure everyone recieved their product before amazon start shipping.
timothy, great to hear that you are seeing improvements in performance and coverage as this was our main focus on the initial firmware release. if you check out our support pages at www.portalwifi.com, we are adding more information on the schedules for feature releases.  our belief is that we can add the features from openwrt farly quickly, but want to ensure that the basic router is extremely stable first.
hi amit, amazon is quoting 1 to 2 months for delivery.  we are working to complete shipments to our backers in the us within the next few weeks.
@ignition design labs, thanks for the responses. i am much like @dj: "i use portal because of congestion not speed however." i have been streaming from my plex server (on my nas connected by ethernet to my portal) on my 1st gen amazon fire stick, no buffering, while the rest of my house, including myself, surfs on their idevices. looking forward to the firmware update and my second portal to try the adaptive mesh.
i received mine today and i have to say it's a mixed bag so far. on one hand, it's extremely fast and the signal strength is very strong. on the other hand, the features are extremely bare bones. no qos, no port forwarding, and i can't get dlna to stick (keeps turning off right after hitting apply). on top of that, i can't get network shares working at all, which is a huge disappointment as i expected to be able to just plug in my external hard drive and use it to stream my media.
i still have not received my portal wifi unit yet, i have noticed that people on amazon has already started to receive there's. wuzzup with that?
h isarangan, we are shipping in north america, however, the units for denmark are still in transit to the warehouse in europe. per our recent update: eu early adopters: end of october
where is my portal? i should have received it in september month.. -.-
@stephen mouring  are you still using the actiontek or are you strictly running ethernet from the ont? just curious as mine did not work. likely not releasing ip from old router mac.
@ stephen i'm sure if i missed an update, but from idl 5 days ago "a quick note for those us/canada super-early and early adopters who ordered two or more portals. your first portal will be arriving shortly, while your remaining portals have been scheduled for delivery in approx 2-3 weeks. we are still very tight on supply, so in order to ensure that everyone gets at least one portal as quickly as possible, we're shipping first units first. a big shipment is expected to arrive in us in 10 days, and more are arriving in canada just before end-oct. the shipment to eu is taking a much longer route thru the suez canal, and is expected to arrive just before end-oct."
received black portal and tested with verizon fios. worked flawlessly. setup was trivial. thank you! i ordered a second router through the add on process. any word on when that will ship? i would like to connect two portals together to get better coverage in my three story townhome. thank you!
found a decent review on digital trends. http://www.digitaltrends.com/router-access-point-reviews/portal-wi-fi-router-review/#/2
@creator, i have sent 2 direct messages and not received any response.  i am an early adopter and i have not received any shipping confirmation, tracking info, etc. i would really like to know what is happening with my shipment. i am also concerned with the lack of response when i send messages to your email address. thanks...
@anthony b - can you please let us know your setup? want to confirm you are using the 5ghz "hd" network. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
this is by the most successful backed kickstarter to date for me. my portal arrived perfectly on time, hooked it up the app is easy to use the setup was super easy everything was flawless. and the range on this is incredible. in parts of my house my old 5g would start to dip in performance down to 30mbs this extends that range at 150+ highest i achieved was 180 and that was testing in the room across where it's located. i love my portal. thanks for keeping to a promised schedule and delivering a quality product ! i am surprised at how well this things performs and how light the portal itself is.
i received my portal a few days ago. my speed went from 70 mbps to 215 mbps near the router. speeds downstairs at far end of house away from router have increased 5x. very satisfied. noticeable difference even at long distance with only one portal. glad i backed this product.
having similar performance from portal as my old arris router. i have 50 down and wifi speed dips to about 15-20 down during peak times while wired is a consistent 50 or so.
a couple insights for those complaining about no speed increase from old systems especially. check your modem. if you are paying for 150 mbps and are getting the same speed hooking up your portal to your current modem, your modem is bottlenecking your speed. you need to invest in a modem with more channels. look for 16x4 24x8 or 32x8. the more download channels you have the better and you get more than what you pay for. before portal i was getting 220 on a 24x8 modem with an airport extreme. i use portal because of congestion not speed however. so bare that in mind. your modem may need an upgrade
@triliar - adaptive mesh is coming. it's release will consist of both a firmware update as well as an app update. we are planning to add static ip on a per device basis. our upcoming features and community feature requests can be seen at https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/community/topics/200978827-feature-requests
@baivab/theron - here is the fcc id of the amazon echo. https://fccid.io/zwj-0823
@jason - the ac68 does not support the dfs bands unfortunately. here is the link to the fcc allowed banks https://fccid.io/msq-usbr700
@raheib - can you please let us know where we can help? want to confirm you tried the 5ghz bands (ssid marked with "hd"). https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
theron r. - glad to hear about the buffering, keep us posted. for specific devices (like the echo) that don't support the dfs fastlanes we will be adding a compatibility mode within the app to allow you to connect these devices on the 5ghz band. stay tuned!
i just tried to connect my amazon echo to 5ghz and no go. watching the bills game on my old, old ipad and no buffering so far as i move around the house. only buffering i have heard of so far is from my wife in our bedroom, which is the worst location in my house for wifi, but even that was much improved. i've never had any major issues with my internet and wifi (i probably don't need my second portal), but buffering on devices will be the biggest test of the portal for me and so far, so good.
received mine two days ago. plugged it in right away. works like a charm.
@jason - you should probably ask over at support.portalwifi.com, but a quick search shows that ac68 adapter may have region settings in driver and/or hardware which limit channels.  you might need to give support further details such as ac68 driver version, what region it was purchased in, what region you are operating in, etc.  portal typically ends up on a dfs channel (in the us) without current ability to force more common channels.
not worth the wait, very disappointed at this time. i hope it improves (soon). over hyped under performed. having issues with the myportalwifi.com
@jason just an idea.  sometimes my laptop gets locked onto a 2.4ghz network. however, if i turn wi-fi off then immediately back on and if the laptop has a strong 5ghz signal it'll connect to the 5ghz network. it might be worth trying.
question for everyone. all of my devices can connect to the 5ghz ac network (laptop, phone, etc.) but my desktop is not able to find the network. desktop uses asus usb-ac68 adapter. anyone know how to solve the problem or is having similar issues?
@mk thanks soo much for your situational review.  it helps me understand better what i can hope to see when my portals arrive in a similar living situation.
@baivab: i did try that. setting them up again, even after reboot of portal, they wouldn't connect to the 5ghz. one of them is within 6 feet of the portal, so it's not a signal thing. very curious.
all - added posts to https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/community/topics/200978827-feature-requests as of now: i am reverting back to my old wireless router tomorrow. this router's too basic for my needs. my vpn's not working, my kids are extremely happy that there's no more any blocking for their unlimited viewership in apple tv, roku, etc. my voip phone (cable connected) is stuttering off and on when heavy apply tv and roku streaming going on, possibly due to lack to qos support and frankly - have no idea if this router has even a firewall.
@richard - my alexa connected to 5hz and working fine. try again, i.e. 5 sec. echo, then connect to the amazon 1rf network and try again.  my problem now is smartthings.... trying to make that work!!
something to keep an eye on; my alex (echo/dot) both failed to connect to the 5ghz at some point (although they seemed to initially), and i had to force them to the 2.4ghz. maybe related to incompatibility mentioned below. i reported it to support already, but just putting here in case it helps.
well, i have my portal connected and working. however, most probably will need to disconnect it soon! i don't see any scheduling option, i.e. ability to switch on/off specific devices on specific time of day. adding a firewall rule is a real pain since it does not give the ip addresses and i am having to manually find the ip address of the device i wish to add a firewall rule. there's no mac based filtering also. this is extremely rudimentary.
@josh - you should probably ask over at support.portalwifi.com, but the ~30mbps wireless speeds seem like 20mhz bandwidth and older g/a modes.  rather than settings in the portal, you may want to check for settings of your zenbook's wifi adapter (i think they offered various models).  if there is a setting to enable 40mhz bandwidth, that could help.  and maybe a setting about enabling "mpdu" could help.  i don't know your adapter, but there may be other choices like n mode, updated driver, etc. regarding best connection of portal and arris, i might stick with your current situation for now if it is working (it will let you easily access portal's web interface), but later you probably want to figure out how to re-configure the arris turning off dhcp and wireless and change nat to bridged, or disable arris wireless and re-configure portal to bridged.
@josh  if you still have the documentation from your laptop, check the specs for your network card.  if 10/100, you will never get anything faster than 100.  if 10/100/1000, you should be good to go for max, or close. how new is your phone?  what speeds does it support?  is it n, or ac? does your comcast modem/router combo have an wan output?  if not, you will be limited to the max speed of the combo unit, whatever it happens to be. this might not be the info you wanted, but it is the thoughts i had when reading your post.
i learned something about the portal android app last night. when i finished all the rewiring, fired up the portal, went into bluetooth setting on phone, scanned and paired to the portal.  i had problems getting the portal app to run on my phone.  took forever to determine location, and then would not pair. for whatever reason, i went into bluetooth settings on my phone and told phone to forget the previous pairing.  then used portal app to pair the phone to the portal.  still took a while, but eventually paired. i can now access the portal from my phone, but the pairing does not show up in bluetooth settings on the phone.
i use xfinity (comcast) with an arris modem/router combo. i pay for 150 mbit internet, although i've never ever come close to getting that (probably due to the fact that my primary computer is a six year old laptop). . how would i go about setting up and running my portal for maximum speed? . i hooked it up to the modem/router via the wan connection, and after connecting to the fastlane wifi network, i was getting roughly 20 mbit/sec download and 28 mbit/sec upload. i reconnected to my original wifi network and was getting roughly 28 mbit/sec download and about 30 mbit/sec upload. . i can try running a speed test from my phone tonight when i get back home, as it is obviously capable of much faster speeds than my really old asus zenbook laptop. . is the way i currently have my portal connected the best option? or is there a way to disable the router portion of my arris modem/router?
@douglas h. hm... i guess this proves google really is your friend. i had thought of releasing and renewing the ip address, but only from the desktop side and not the router side! i guess i need to learn more about networking haha. looks like it's working for now. surprisingly, i am getting slightly better speeds over wifi compared to ethernet now! thanks for the help!
my portal arrived today! can't wait to set it up!
perhaps i'm missing something (and maybe someone from portal can clarify), but how do i setup two portals in an adaptavie mesh when there is no option for that in the web setup or the app? currently i have both setup in bridge mode with the same ssids; however i have no assurances they're doing what i'm expecting/hoping (both show ch 6 for 2.4g and 100 for 5g). also contrary to your documentation, there is no way to set to config static ip on the devices (was removed in mandatory fw update). please advise.
@andrew - i am not a fios user, and i would think you would have encountered this if you have used other non-verizon router before, but a quick search finds many users saying that to use non-verizon router they need to clone the mac address of a verizon router and/or do a dhcp release and/or wait for previous dhcp lease to expire. similarly, i have cable modem and i have to be sure to power-cycle the cable modem whenever i change router (because cable modem only works with first mac address that it encounters after powering up).
my portal arrived today and i can't get it to connect to the internet. i have verizon fios internet only. if portal can be used as a standalone router, i don't see any reason as to why it shouldn't work. i should be able to just plug in a wan cable and the other lan cables and be on my way. can anyone explain to me why this wouldn't be the case? i've been able to use other non-verizon routers for my internet before!
super early adopter backer #50 just got it in black !!! thank you
i did speed test and get same speed as i did with my netgear modem/router. i see the below from one of your comments and now thats not what is expected from portal. as per your campaign - fastlane would have better internet speed (not intranet - if i read it right) even with a modest internet connection, you can still see fastlanes benefit if you're connecting internal devices such as nas (network attached storage) devices such as apple time machine or other backup and media storage devices, or if you're playing video games between networked xbox or ps4, etc... fastlanes and smartlanes performance are independent of the speed of your internet service, but you won't see it's full potential on internet services such speedtest, netflix, hulu, etc... without a faster pipe.
got my black portal today.  have an issues with n dual band devices.  none of my n dual band devices will see the 5ghz network.  all my ac devices do see it, but my n devices only see the 2.4 ghz network.  i have the issue with 2 n devices that used to connect to my older n 5ghz networks.
my portal arrived about an hour ago.  i wanted to put the wireless router in a different location, so it took a while to get every thing rewired. i could not connect to the portal using the android app.  however, that is not a problem caused by portal nor ignition.  i live in a rural area, and i am retired.  i didn't want to do a lot of maintenance on the exterior of the house, so walls and roof are metal.  the portal setup routine needs to acquire the location of the router.  i assume it was attempting to use gps, and the gps signal does no penetrate the metal roofing and siding. the bottom of the green card included with the portal has web address and password to log into the webgui.  the online gui works great and is very responsive. everything is now setup and cranking along just like it is supposed to do.
i pay for up to 40 fyi
just got my portal and holy crap! i was achieving download speeds of 17 mbps before plugging it in and now i'm getting 48 mbps. super happy i backed your product!
and a final quick test: on 2.4ghz...results are abysmal. around 30mbits anywhere i go in the house with either iphone or mac. i'll reach out to ignition for troubleshooting.
in the spirit of @mk below, my #'s in a 2k sq foot house, also using wifi sweetspots (connected to 5ghz on an iphone 7 plus: living (next to router): 565 mbps master bath (furthest point on one side of house): 247 mbps office (furthest, other side of house): 155 mbps there are something like 25 networks that my mac can pick up from the surrounding houses, so presumably a decent bit of interference. not quite "blow me away" speeds, but the real test (especially compared to the other kickstarter router it replaces, the almond+) is whether it stays solid, reliable, no skipping and no reboots needed. that would practically be priceless :)
hi, could you please advice when shall i expect to receive my device? what is the tracking number?
i ordered one and added another one when that was offered. but only one arrived at my doorstep yesterday
i have a question regarding portal's tri-band ac4100 setup (as you indicated, actually better described as a quad-band ac4800 setup) - two portal's wired via their lan ports. is the ability to have two simultaneous non-overlapping 5ghz and/or two simultaneous 2.4ghz networks dependent upon the devices being connected to separate portals? e.g. if all the devices are in close proximity to one of the portals are the extra networks available?
@jimmy jo: mine just arrived on the doorstep! so have faith :)
@jimmy jo: same, invalid tracking number. figured i'd give it through the weekend to see if it resolved; or they printed up labels but haven't actually been processed yet?
hi matt t., which samsung tv do you have? we have tested across several different models and all of them are able to see the 5ghz dfs channels. un60es7150 un32h5203af un65hu9000fxza un40eh5300fxza can you please file a support request and we can help work through your specific model. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new thanks!
i got my red portal yesterday.
https://www.amazon.com/portal-turbocharged-self-optimizing-gigabit-router/dp/b01jqrozzs theirs a review on amazon.
i received my black portal (still waiting on my red, but i am sure it will be here soon enough) last night and set it up.  the set up was easy, by far the easiest router set up i have ever done.  the 5ghz was as quick as my knighthawk router, if not a little faster. as stated in comments below, some of my devices could not connect to the 5ghz disappointingly (mostly my samsung tvs) and had to connect those to the 2.5ghz.  i thought it wouldn't work for the streaming that i do, but i was very wrong.  the 2.5ghz on portal performed quicker and better than my 5ghz when using netflix/hulu/firestick/roku (all tested, though just observation based, no stats). reception faded in the one corner of my apartment, but i am hoping that the second portal will help with that. overall, very pleased.  thank you!
@ivan @creator - kind of exactly the review i was hoping for !
one of the first reviews of portal: http://www.digitaltrends.com/router-access-point-reviews/portal-wi-fi-router-review/
ignore that last comment.. it's working amazingly
hmmm .. i can't seem to connect my phone to the portal.. i'm using a nexus 6p
i've setup my portal. very, very easy. i've noticed some improvement, but it's still hard to say just based on running a speedtest, which had much better results on one device compared to another, much older device. there is one area in my house that is really slow, and i have definitely gotten better results there, if not quite what i had hoped. the rest of my second floor is good. i was hoping a second portal with mesh would fix it my problem area, but i think i need to run a cable to my second floor to really fix my problem room. i am looking forward to really testing it out tomorrow. i guess the my old amazon fire stick might not be the best test though, but my remix mini might be a good test.
i just want to say thank you, i have received mine today. i'm very impressed with the improvement portal made. i've backed quite a few, but this is the first time i'm very satisfied with the product i back. good job guys!
hi mike, the ssid's created are as follows: - myssdname (2.4ghz) - myssid name hd (5ghz) can you please perform a scan on your phone/laptop to scan for the "hd" version of your ssid and attach to this ssid? for roku we are aware that it does not support the dfs channels. we are in process of adding a compatibility mode for devices that don't support dfs. for now, please use the 2.4ghz band with roku. please file a support request at https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new and we can help solve what you are facing.
hi david, we are happy to help you; sorry to hear about your setup issues. can you please help provide your setup details via a support request at https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/requests/new we would like to understand your current topology including wifi environment, your subscription, and current configuration to help get you the maximum speed.
could be my ignorance but i know enough knowledge to set up a home router for my internet. i was excited that i got my portal today. unfortunately, i had difficulties. set up was easy enough. i originally removed my router and replaced it with the portal connecting it via wan. it connected, but it was super slow and i had hard time connecting my roku etc. so i did the bridge mode, using a ethernet port, still slow. so maybe it's me. any guidance would be appreciated. thank you. :-)
my oxblood portal arrived today and it's drop-dead gorgeous!  i had a little trouble with the default passwords, but i eventually figured it out.  also had to reset my downstream ethernet switches to get the hardwired ports to work, but i should have known that.  i wish the ios app controlled all functions so that i wouldn't need the web interface. no problem connecting in the 5ghz band even though i live right next to an airport.
i'm backer 94 but still haven't received my portal and the tracking number they provided is invalid. sent emails but haven't gotten a response for the last 3 days....
i received one red portal today. hope to set it up tonight.
@ baivab the creators posted a message here in the comments yesterday for backers who ordered 2 or more units, i'll copy & paste it for your covenience ~ their backgrounds are blue to help make it easier to spot them ;) inition design labs creator 1 day ago a quick note for those us/canada super-early and early adopters who ordered two or more portals. your first portal will be arriving shortly, while your remaining portals have been scheduled for delivery in approx 2-3 weeks. we are still very tight on supply, so in order to ensure that everyone gets at least one portal as quickly as possible, we're shipping first units first. a big shipment is expected to arrive in us in 10 days, and more are arriving in canada just before end-oct. the shipment to eu is taking a much longer route thru the suez canal, and is expected to arrive just before end-oct.
i believe i requested for two (2) red portals however got only one, just now. did anyone order a twin pack but got only one instead?
got my red portal today. shut down the wifi portion on my at&t dsl modem and connected the portal. it was easy for a semi-novice, and now it's great to be able to use all my wifi ac equipment. laptop, iphone, ipad instead of the slow at&t wifi n. noticed the increase in speed immediately. thanks!
received portal, am a very technical pc engineer (my job is server engineer).   setup was not easy for me and my att uverse router.  i have a arris router provided by att, the new gigapower enabled routers that they provide.  so after trying to get the portal to not show me the red ring of death on the portal itself, i had to set the portal to bridge mode to get it to piggy back off my netgear r7000 router, because the portal would not connect to the internet.  i tried through the webgui and the portal app.  the app kept telling me it was not connected to the internet and could could configure it.  i still can't get the app to work.  so i go it through the webgui, and configured the router for bridge mode.  after an hour or so, got it connected and the throughput is worse that when i had my netgear router.  does it take time to learn?  does it need to configure itself some how?  i did before and after stats, and here is what i have: before portal	          download	upload		 2.4ghz spectrum	13.25 mbps	7.07 mbps	test 1	on pc 	                        5.63 mbps	4.26 mbps	test 2	on pc 	                        12.11 mbps	7.73 mbps	test 1	on cell phone 	                        12.63 mbps	7.72 mbps	test 2	on cell phone  5hhz spectrum	22.95 mbps	3.43 mbps	test 1	on pc 	                        12.62 mbps	7.00 mbps	test 2	on pc 	                        21.09 mbps	3.88 mbps	test 1	on cell phone 	                        13.12 mbps	7.67 mbps	test 2	on cell phone  hard plugged in	73.20 mbps	7.08 mbps	test 1	on pc 	                        74.38 mbps	7.12 mbps	test 2	on pc  with portal				 2.4ghz spectrum	11.76 mbps	7.36 mbps	test 1	on pc 	                        10.98 mbps	7.18 mbps	test 2	on pc 	                         error out	error out	test 1	on cell phone 	                         error out	error out	test 2	on cell phone  5hhz spectrum	16.75 mbps	7.29 mbps	test 1	on pc 	fastlane         16.41 mbps	7.00 mbps	test 2	on pc 	                        error out	error out	test 1	on cell phone 	                        error out	error out	test 2	on cell phone i feel like an end user :(  i can't believe i am crying like a baby.  anyone have any suggestions what may be my issue?
just received my portal!!! setup super easy - this thing is supper fast!!! i am getting wi-fi speed up to 780mbps. looking forward for the coming update(s) for added-features.
mk, thanks for the review, it would be helpful to know what generation airport do you have? thanks
thx mk �. waiting just got a lit harder ���
i just received and setup my portal -- i've never left a review online in my life but figured this was the time to start. i live in a two bedroom apartment in new york city with roughly 100 wifi networks in my range. i am upgrading from an airport extreme, so below you'll find transfer rates i pulled using wi-fi sweetspots on my iphone: airport extreme: living room [238.91mbps]; kitchen [91.52mbps]; bedroom 1 [175.07mbps]; bedroom 2 [74.22mbps]; bathroom [73.19mbps] portal: living room [566.52mbps]; kitchen [363.91mbps]; bedroom 1 [500.1mbps]; bedroom 2 [310.71mbps]; bathroom [374.37mbps]
has anyone set up the dlna server?  is it easy to configure?  how does it work?  are there instructions somewhere on the website??
so..how many time i need to wait my portal i m an early european adopter.
i got my portal today. its so easy to configure. i was getting 2.5 mbps as there are lots of congestion in the network but with portal i am getting whooping 93 mbps ( yes,no '.'  between 9 and 3, its 93). thanks portal team for this wonderful product and taking me out from stone age to the modern world of high speed internet.
hi rhode, the default mode when you first set up portal is "router mode".  this is where portal is connected to your internet gateway (ie. dsl or cable modem) by its wan port and creates it's own subnet and serves ip addresses on it's lan ports for other connected devices; in router mode, portal acts as the center of its own network. if you want to set up portal as part of an existing subnet, such as say attached to another portal or another router, then you'll want to put portal into "bridge" mode.   this is the most common mode if you're using portal as a wired extender.  in this mode portal connects to the parent router by its lan port, and requests/accepts an ip address from the parent router, and behaves effectively as a switch.  to put portal into "bridge mode" you'll have to configure it in the webui.  see, https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/227649708   you can also disable "bridge mode" and put portal back into "router mode" the same way.   remember that in "bridge mode" you'll want to connect portal by one of its four lan ports.  in "router mode" you'll want to connect portal by its wan port.     we will be issuing an ios and android app update at the end of this week that will allow you to configure bridge mode more conveniently in the app.
@creator thx for the great explanation and rapid response. really appreciated.
hi ian r. the default configuration of portal will set your chosen network name as the ssid for the legacy 2.4ghz network and your network name with "hd" extension as the ssid for your 5ghz network. for example, if you picked "myportal" as your network name, then "mynetwork hd" will be your fast 5ghz network, so make sure your devices are always pointed to "mynetwork hd".    fastlanes is enabled by default, you can verify that it's working by checking the channel in advanced settings on your app, it will show something like channel 100, 116, 132 or 52.  if you're a network geek like me, you can also use a wifi scanner app and confirm that your portal's beacon is broadcasting on one of the dfs channels.  smart lanes is also enabled by default, but this is alot harder to see for yourself without some rather sophisticated test equipment. as for speedtest performance, remember that your absolute speed to/from the internet is going to be limited by the thinnest pipe in your connection to the internet, which appears is your dsl connection.  5mbps is actually quite slow.  your isp (service provider) should be able to give you a higher speed service for a modest charge; here in the san francisco bay area, the lowest priced service starts at about 35mbps.    even with a modest internet connection, you can still see fastlanes benefit if you're connecting internal devices such as nas (network attached storage) devices such as apple time machine or other backup and media storage devices, or if you're playing video games between networked xbox or ps4, etc...  fastlanes and smartlanes performance are independent of the speed of your internet service, but you won't see it's full potential on internet services such speedtest, netflix, hulu, etc... without a faster pipe.
@creator thanks! this clears things up for me for now. i was not aware that the software was still being tested for fast/smart lanes.
hi rudd g. static ip is available, and can be configured today thru the webui.  see: https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/227645888 you will be able to configure static ip more conveniently in the app after we push an ios and android app update later this week. yes, you can "hardwire mesh" multiple portals together for greater range and capacity.  this is called bridge mode, and can also be configured today thru the webui.  see:  https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/227649708   please remember to move your ethernet cable from the wan port (the default, which is router mode) to the lan port (for bridge mode). similar to static ip, we will be issuing an ios and android app update at the end of this week that will allow you to configure bridge mode more conveniently in the app. the other features, such as vpn and advanced band-steering (ie. automatically redirecting your ue/smart device to roam between 2.4ghz and 5ghz) plus a bunch of other features, such as wireless adaptive mesh will be released in a big update at the end of the month.  those features are currently undergoing extensive testing in our lab.  please understand that many of portal's features are highly unique and many capabilities such as fastlanes and smartlanes have never been attempted by any other router manufacturers, so we've had to prioritize the most powerful features first ahead of some of the more common but less often used features such as vpn.  rest assured, these features are all there and will be released as soon as we've tested them thoroughly and are satisfied with the performance, which we expect by the end of the month.  we will be releasing many more features over the course of the next couple of months.  we thank you for your patience.
@creator i got mine yesterday and setup was quick however, my dsl is faster than portal on occasion.  my dsl gets roughly 5mbps and when connected to portal 2g i get 6mbps range.  also, for some reason the portal 5g option disappeared from my selection of networks.  it came with very basic quickstart info, however there is very little support info on the product yet.  not sure if i've set it up properly or if there is anything i can do to achieve the speeds of the "fastlane" / "smartlane" described in the pitch.  sort of underwhelmed at the moment.  any advice?
got my black portal today.  perplexed by all the comments about shipping, no one is mentioning the router has basically no features!  no vpn, static dhcp, the advanced features of redirecting ue's from 2.4 to 5 ghz.  does the feature of having multiple portals hardwire to create a better mesh network even work? can you please release a schedule of when what features will be delivered?  i understand this is a kickstarter project but it lacks the most basic feature set.
how do i undo bridge mode???
should probally include my pledge number too. 427
@ignition design labs, my tracking number is an incorrect format, it has an "a" in place of a number. 1z414a###########
if you want just send me both of mine at once ..one is useless to me i'll just have to wait for the second one before i can do anything with them.... that's why i ordered two expecting my order of two to arrive at the same time strange shipping method but i'm in no rush whatever you want to do i'm fine with it... thanks for all your support never can have too much information... id 1754
@ creator does that include the partial tracking that i got? i never got the whole tracking number just partial
a quick note for those us/canada super-early and early adopters who ordered two or more portals.  your first portal will be arriving shortly, while your remaining portals have been scheduled for delivery in approx 2-3 weeks.  we are still very tight on supply, so in order to ensure that everyone gets at least one portal as quickly as possible, we're shipping first units first. a big shipment is expected to arrive in us in 10 days, and more are arriving in canada just before end-oct.  the shipment to eu is taking a much longer route thru the suez canal, and is expected to arrive just before end-oct.
sorry for the delivery delays.  there was a minor glitch at otx, and only a few units made it out of cerritos, california and toronto, canada last week like we were hoping; most didn't actually get out on the road until mon this week. your units are shipping to you ups 3-day, and majority of tracking is showing estimated arrival thurs (tomorrow) and fri this week. depending on how far from ca or on you live, some may be arriving mon. sincerely sorry for the delay last week.   we're confident you're going to love your portal when it arrives.
super early adopter / black #130 - got ups tracking # (it was wrong, but mychoice found it) and it's scheduled to be delivered on friday.
email with tracking # arrived this morning. just to let you guys know, when clicking the link in the email to track the package, received message that the number not correct .  but when i manually go to the ups web site, enter the number, i can find the package and expected delivery date. i am super early adopter in us for a black unit.  your emails should be showing up today.
backer 395, no tracking - no portal yet...
finally got my tracking number! super stoked just disappointed i won't be able to try it out until i get back in town in november. don't worry guys your tracking numbers are on the way :)
backer 1,531 here, waiting for an update and hoping to get one soon, if there's any chance i could be getting mine it would be greatly appreciated!! thanks for the time and consideration given!
just an fyi for everyone awaiting tracking, i was an early adopter (backer 357) and just received my tracking from ups. scheduled delivery is tomorrow
backer 650 here, haven't received a shipping # yet. hope it's all going well, and look forward to getting the portal soon!
btw my backer number is 236, surely i should be getting something soon?? jason
hello, when will the black units be shipped to super early adopters in canada? thanks, jason
i received an email on friday saying that my poral would be shipping from la either that afternoon or early monday. i have received no portal or even tracking information. fyi, ups and fedex were both open and delivering yesterday, both in nevada, where i live and california were the portal was suppose to ship from. also, no response from support...
it's from otx, so i am pretty sure this usp notification is my portal. i should have it later this week1
10:50 pm and i *think* i received my ups tracking number for my portal, but it could be for something else too. it is coming from cerritos, ca.
typo on my comment oops
after the all of this is over are you guys going to sell them to the world or retire the product?
@robert many areas it is a fed holiday. postal is closed with the exception  central fl where hurricane matthew did its damage; areas got mail delivered on sunday and today because postal was closed a few days. davenport area. i actually got a package today scheduled to arrive this thursday from amazon with free shipping.
i also would like to point out that today, 10/10/16, is a federal holiday here in the us.  that means that the shippers, ups or usps, may not be working today therefore delaying the shipping notices.
hi aaron, we can send you the tracking information once your shipment has been picked up at the regional warehouse by the local delivery company.
@justin - i wrote up my initial impressions.  search for my posts.
hi there, i've yet to receive any email regarding the tracking number. is it possible to email me so i can track? thank you. best regards,  aaron
i check this page once in a while to view people's opinions on the experience, but the only thing i actually read are questions about the deliveries. it's kickstarter people, be satisfied with how it is going. now tell me, how well does it work guys?
chocolate, we were delayed a few days working with canadian customs, but began shipping units last friday.
hi ele, please go to https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us and click on leave a message. as a later backer, your portal has been sent via ocean freight from our odm in singapore to the port of long beach.  once it is delivered to ups or the usps for final delivery we can provide individual tracking. we are trying to ship out in the order that the pledges were made.  this would make the delivery for your portal near the end of october.
nowhere on your the website link you provided is there an option to track my shipping. i can't even send a request because you require mac id and other information which obviously i don't have because i haven't got my portal. again i am asking where is my portal. i am in the usa and my pledge shows i should have received it in september. pls advise
@portal team i can only assume that there are still some existing delays from shipments to canada.  could you please just provide on update on what's happening with canadian shipments? i am a super early adopter for two white portals. i read the update from oct. 4th in which you mentioned canadian shipments are sending out from a toronto warehouse because of customs issues.  my delivery address is in toronto.  deliveries take no more than three days within this city, even when using the cheapest, longer shipping method.  so no knowing all this i can only assume you are having customs problems getting to the toronto warehouse? also the portal support page allows no ticket submissions for non portal owners (i.e. those that don't have a portal physically in hand.)  i would have sent a shipping inquiry via the support page if it allowed me to do so.
would be cool to get feedback/reviews from the ones who've got their portals �.  speed, range and stability. dreaming of a router with the stability of airport extreme and with the range/speed on par or better than the best asus routers �.  the design portal got 100% right! no need for an ugly box or a spider type router with lots of exterbal antennas
people, this is not a shopping webpage. you have backed a project. when you are planning something in your own company, do you always finish exactly as what you planned? as it is a project, there can be delays which you have not planned before. i think from today we know that all us packages are out. yes, they are a little behind schedule, but those who are asking daily for update and complain about delay are really getting on the nerves of those who understand what this is really about.
we just posted another update on shipping for our us backers.  by friday we had shipped just over a thousand portals of various colors to our backers.  all of the super early adopters awaiting black portals, all of the early adopters, and 170 of the 200 limited edition red portals were picked up by ups in los angeles for final delivery. we are still awaiting the tracking information from the shipper and will send this out in individual emails once we have the information.
i want to personally apologize for every rude, stupid, entitled "backer" that put in a little money and expects a treatment they obviously wouldn't even give their own mother. i appreciate the work you guys have been able to put into this project and i'm glad my few dollars were able to make your project a reality. i also am a super early adopter, and i look forward to my device. thank you for your time and all the patience you and your team members obviously have.
also a us super early backer and i haven't received anything yet. i also ordered black so i know there is a delay, which is fine by me, but i haven't received a tracking number or anything.
us super early adopter-- still waiting for the tracking number of my portal. is it shipped yet?
another week and still no portal for this super early adopter.
just a reminder that you can inquire about your shipping status or any questions regarding setting up your portal by visiting us at: https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us
hello, i was a super early adopter (backer number 145) and i have yet to receive not only my portal unit but also any word on tracking information. i received the portal progress update #6 on monday stating that i should be receiving tracking information but it never came. as backer #145 i was promised to receive my unit over a month ago. portal support then commented on tuesday stating that i'll receive my unit from la within 48 hours and i still haven't even received my shipping or tracking information. clearly customer service is not their focus and although i'm excited for the unit i'm very disappointed.
@casey, some people might have backed out last minute, which drops the overall number of backers. the backer number per backer does not get automatically adjusted compared to the overall number of backers at the time of a successful campaign.
i went to website sent email a few days ago no reply and no email with about you sending my portal.  i am an early adopter.
um why am i the 4800th backer when there are only 4500 backers lmao plz explain someone
i have a question...say i have 2 mbps internet from what i know the portal will make it faster and will make it smoother right? this is a hypothetical question
i haven't received any tracking information, have you guys sent it out yet? super excited!
it's http://portalwifi.com/support/ was a typo in the url...
your support page www.protalwifi.com/support doesn't work. i sent email to support@portalwifi.com to find my order status.
i am a early adopter for a red unit in the us and have not gotten any shipping information. i thought the red units will be delivered this week??
@creator, thank you, glad to hear you have holes for mounting vertical. can't wait for delivery.
robert, we have connected portals in a mesh using: cat-5e gigabit ethernet cable, ethernet over powerline, and wirelessly.  with the cat-5e and powerline approaches you do not use the limited wifi spectrum for portal-to-portal communications, so things can run faster. cat-5e is the fastest and does not suffer from the possible noise and power phase issues that cause problems for powerline.  but we believe that most users will wirelessly connect their portal together to keep things simple. since portal has up to 3x the wifi bandwidth of conventional routers it is far less sensitive to the problems with reduced bandwidth that plague other mesh routers.
sent an email
@ryan boyer if there is any way you can connect the two portals using cat 5e or better cable, you wouldn't lose the bandwidth.
francis, portal is designed to work equally well horizontally or vertically.  there are mounting holes on the bottom to make vertical mounting simple, and rubber feet to make horizontal portals less slippery.
ryan, we will be releasing the mesh setup instructions using the mobile app in about two weeks.  with mesh, each portal needs to talk to one another on every transfer.  so in a two portal the total system bandwidth is reduced by half and the latency is doubled.  portal has an advanced mesh and minimizes some of the penalties with mesh, but it is still slower than using one router.
for portal delivery information, please use support@portalwifi.com or visit or support page at www.protalwifi.com/support this will help us answer your questions much faster.
i'm backer 1,058 in canada should i have received shipping details?
@creator  can the portal be mounted vertically (i would make a mount of course) or does it have to sit on something? not sure if this would mess with the antenna wizardry going on in there. thx.
i have not got my portal yet.  should i have gotten mine?
are there instructions for setting up 2 portal routers as a mesh network? are there performance differences when connecting to the second router? (i have been seeing comments about the more nodes you have the slower the overall speeds)
hi dj - please send us an email at support@portalwifi.com with your new address.  we will check with our shipper otx/ups that they have your correct address.
hi roger, for now, we suggest you follow our recommendation for split ssid.  it's a bit of an inconvenience, but for power users it gives you the ability to know for sure that your always on the best network for speed and range.  the app makes this easy, in "advanced device settings" just select "separate basic device settings".   your slower legacy 2ghz network will have a suffix xxxx_2g on it, and your fast 5ghz network will simply be the ssid name you provide. when we release the band-steering feature in a couple of weeks, you can switch back to the more convenient single (or common) ssid for both 2.4ghz and 5ghz, with confidence that portal's intelligence will steer your devices to the fastest network.   the app will also make the transition to a single ssid easy for you.   again in "advanced settings" simply click to disable "separate basic device settings".   both networks will now share a single common ssid. you can toggle back and forth between the two settings easily.  just make sure to give your portal about 30 seconds to adjust to the change.
thank you for all the communication and adherence to schedule.  as an early adopter, i'm looking forward to tracking info this week. i'm wondering what you recommendation is for the early adopters that will be getting their portals this week or early next week considering the pending firmware update regarding "adaptive band steering" for ios devices so they'll connect to 5ghz. if i set up two ssids for 5 and 2.4 for now will i have to reconfigure with one ssid after the update or will the update merge the two?  if i have to reconfigure i may just set up with one ssid and run it that way for a couple of weeks (assuming your product development schedule is still on track) unless performance is poor then i'll set up two. you wrote,  "we're going to be releasing a cool new feature in mid-late october called adaptive band steering, which will help ios (and android) devices to connect faster, stay connected to the best/fastest band, and roam quickly between 2.4ghz and 5ghz (without user having to intervene). this will ensure that even with a common ssid, ios devices will quickly find and lock onto 5ghz fast channels."
@portal team:  i received an email regarding an update that was pushed out at 2:00 am cst a couple days ago, didn't think anything of it but now i'm wondering, did the update reset the passwords for the 2.4 and 5.0 networks?
hey guys, i'm actually moving soon and wasn't worried when you said early adopters would get portal this week and next but i ordered black :( an update would be nice especially if i need to change my address
@creator are black units for super early adapters expected to arrive this week? haven't received tracking numbers so far.
i am not official, but i think it is worth repeating that the only shipments so far have been single quantity to super early adopters in north america who chose white.  different colors and additional quantity and locations and types of backers have not shipped yet (i think the next may be super early adopters in north american who chose black, then na special red and na early - in other words the same order as planned but just not the original estimated months). i was one of the first few dozen backers and have been using my portal eight days.  i have encountered problems but support has been great and are updating firmware - soon (usual workaround has been reboot). it is nice to see the special channel numbers used such as 132 and 52 although there are some client devices such as roku 3 and original fire tv stick and some netgear range extenders which cannot work with such "dfs" channels; i am ten miles north of a tdwr (which uses channel 128).  i don't have problems with neighbors or distance, so i remain full speed and similar range as my previous router.
hello checking on delivery. i am slated for summer - september.
@stefano, i am number 1251 here. no portal yet. might be waiting just a little while longer. �
@patrick not currently.  you can't really do anything with attached devices (can't kick them, assign static ips... anything really).  i do recall them saying that you would be able to limit bandwidth per device though, so hopefully that feature will be added soon.
@steven  thanks my man.  anyway of limiting bandwidth per devices with the simple gui ? in any case, thanks a lot
@patrick i didn't take screenshots, but the web gui is super basic right now.  it's more informational than adjustable.  it tells you what devices you have connected.  lets you change the password and encryption type on the wifi ssids, change some very basic firewall settings, and some simple connection settings (like setting an ip for your dns server).  that's pretty much it.
@jel thanks my man.  anyway you could make some screenshots or review of the web gui ? i would highly appreciate it. thanks in advance
still enjoying my portal... for those of you wondering about range... i have noticed with my previous 2 routers that one room very far from my router was at first getting little to no reception with my first router, and then with an upgraded nighthawk netgear router, i was getting maybe about 20 mbps on a 100 mbps connection. now with my portal, i'm getting around 50 mbps in that room on a 100 mbps connection. i'm so glad i returned that nighthawk router... the portal is much sleeker (whereas the nighthawk looked like a facehugging alien crab with it's ridiculous antennae setup) and more reliable. so far, i think i only had my connection drop once or twice and i think there was something wrong with my modem, not the portal. you guys are in for a treat!
hi! my backer number is 3,879 and still haven't received the product... can you help me? thanks, stefano
@creator any way of knowing where my portal is? super early adopter in canada.
ieee 802.3bz, this defines a new physical layer for running ethernet over cat-6 twisted pair wiring.  it will double the data rate of the lan connection to the router (2 gps).  but it does require new ethernet physical layer chips.
ieee 802.11ad = wigig, this is technically not part of wifi as 802.11ad is not a networking technology, but a high-speed cable replacement.  that's because at 60ghz the radio signal it is limited to about 10 feet and cannot pass through a sheet of paper. so while you can't make a network out of it, you can make a reasonable high-speed (4600mbps) point-to-point line of sight connection to something that is less than 10 feet away for just under $80. it's not clear to us that this makes a lot of sense for a consumer router, but we are interested in seeing what uses people see for the multi-gigabit 802.11ad link. from a marketing viewpoint it does give them bragging rights to the highest gigabit per second router press release.  but kinda like stone henge (which it vaguely resembles)  we're not really sure of its purpose.
@creator what do you think of the new 802.3bz standard ? is it something that can be supported with a firmware upgrade ? http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2016/09/5gbps-ethernet-standard-details-8023bz/
@backers @backerswhoreceivedportal any way of adding vpn capability onto the web gui ?  i hear it's very simple so i'm guessing there is a limitation to it ? thanks guys
the range issue seems to be every routers achilles heel.  what i have noticed and see as the future for the ad standard is a combination of router and mesh extenders such as eero and plume.  google is also releasing router with multiple units and portal has mesh capability to reach those dead spots.  i am eagerly awaiting the arrival of my units to see if i can cover my house with 1 router and get good stable connectivity or if i'll need to add the 2nd to meet my need for speed.  all in all i believe portal will allow me to rid myself of the 3 extenders (and router, 4 units in total) i have strategically placed throughout my house in exchange for the 2 portals.  can't wait to get my hands on these and start testing.
@jeff, @patrick first of all, as patrick mentioned portal doesn't have 802.11ad chips so they can't be supported at least that's what i know from the specs provided by portal. secondly, not much devices have the ad specs. perhaps the latest galaxy phones? also 802.11ad is technically different from wifi so they call it wigig. although wigig is faster it has a shorter range than wifi so it can't replace it. at least not yet. lastly, i have a friend using the mentioned tp-link router and he mentioned it's good but it doesn't fully satisfy him. he still gets slow speeds or looses connections from time to time just like any other router.
@jeff damn! that's one hell of a router !! regarding the ad standard, i think you might need a chip capable of the 60hz frequency.  i don't think portal has it inside but i could be wrong.
so, when do we get the firmware upgrade that supports 802.11ad? (grin) http://www.tp-link.com/en/products/details/cat-9_ad7200.html
@scott good to hear! i look forward to ignition design labs writing the definitive book on "how to run a kickstarter"... its been an amazing customer service experience!
@roger, with the exception of the small hiccups i experienced and previously commented about (which may at least in part be due to my placement of the router) my experience has been good. i have a small apartment but signal strength, connection speed, and coverage have been as good if not better than my previous router.  in addition the customer service from ignition design labs has been, hands down, the best customer service from any company i have dealt with. no product launches without any issues or an occasional faulty device, regardless of the size or experience of the company behind it. the service they provided not only shows that they dedicated to providing good service to that one customer but also improving the quality of the product for everyone. i would support this company again on future products for this fact alone.
anyone in canada received their portal yet? super early adopters?
has anyone had good results with their new portal?
why not just separate the ssid?
@francis no - the dfs channels are only available in the 5ghz band, which my iphone didn't connect to with merged ssids.  per @creator, moving ios devices to the 5ghz band with merged ssids is coming in october. once that update is out, i'll test again.  i'll also test when my 2nd portal arrives which will better extend the range of my network. but i was hoping that all else being equal (same 2.4ghz band, same positioning) that the portal would clearly show better range than my netgear r7000.  sadly, it didn't.
@ steven wow that's really disappointing news i was expecting at least a better and stable throughput and range, are you using the said dfs channel that they are talking about? did you try same channel on both router when you compare them? may try separating the ssid and see if they have better result.
@lorenzo, they already have those at support.portalwifi.com
i second cristopher's request.  i 'd appreciate a step by step set up video.  if none of the users can or want to; any chance the creators (ignition design labs) can make a video to show the set up process?
can anyone who has portal early make a review video on youtube? since i'm getting a portal by october-november, i wanna see how portal is working by the early adopters.
so i hooked up my first portal, and am using a single ssid.  i know this means ios devices are limited to the 2.4ghz network until the next update, but i wanted to compare against my netgear router with the same settings.  i also plan to add a 2nd portal when it arrives which should give me much improved results, but i wanted to see if the range on the portal really is better. the results are mixed.  i went around a handful of problem spots in my house.  in all of the spots, the ping time was significantly worse.  even the bad spots in my house had pings of 4-5ms with the netgear, and those spots have ping times of 20-40ms with the portal. throughput is generally better.  one spot went all the way up to my internet max of 50mbps where it used to be about 29 down.  however on the 2nd test from that spot with the portal, it was down to 9. other spots showed very mixed.  one spot the download rate went from 0.19 up to 3.21, but the upload swapped from 14.88 to 0.03. the hardest spot to reach in my house actually failed to upload at all when tested with the portal, versus 0.68 up with the netgear. so the range isn't much better.  again, we'll see how this goes with the 5ghz band (and the extra router should help significantly), but my understanding is that the 2.4ghz generally has farther range (with slower speeds), so i was expecting a more noticeable boost with the range claims. also disappointed that the ping times went up by about 4-8x in all troubled spots.
scott and douglas, your help has been greatly appreciated.  we have been testing a visio m-series tonight and found that it can see portal in dfs channel 116, but not anywhere else. this seems to be an issue for the tv, but now that we know it has this  limitation we are looking into possible fixes.   we did a fair amount of interoperability testing with smartphones, tablets, and notebooks.  but only a few tvs. you might want to run both portal and your existing router for a while until we have a fix.  portal uses channels that your old router will not and avoids contention.  this will enable your devices that can operate correctly in the dfs channels to use portal and the visio to still be able to use 5ghz. hopefully, this will not take too long.
@scott s, now i am seeing what you saw on 5ghz too - ping times hundreds of ms, speed 1m or 2m (instead of 115m), packet loss in pingplotter, slow browsing, etc.  this is hours after i rebooted and got green light back, and after sending email with requested details of 2.4ghz strangeness.  it is hard to know how to proceed - i want to be helping portal debug, but my home could use the reliability i had with r7000.
@chris, the vizio is running version v1.3.34-uhd. according to the manufacturer firmware updates are automatically pushed when the tv is powered off so it should be the same version as yours.
@scott s. did i read correctly you have a vizio m50-c1 you had issues with on 5 ghz? what firmware was the tv on? they just pushed a new one out, but i doubt it would make a difference. just trying to compare to my same tv and determine if i'll have issues when i get my portal. in regards to fire tv sticks i have seen posts on some forums that the stick has issues with 5 ghz in general.
hi john - the black, red and more white portals are starting to arrive in us next week; we're shipping these out to super early adopter and early adopters first.  for regular-level kickstarter backers we have more portals coming soon, they are currently mid-ocean on their way to us, canada, and eu. you can use same ssid and same password now if you want.  in the app go to [advanced device settings], and disable [separate basic device settings].   that will put both 2.4ghz and 5ghz networks on the same ssid and password. the reason that we set the default configuration to split ssid is because ios devices have a strong preference for 2.4ghz, so if you have same ssid you won't know whether your device is latched onto legacy 2.4ghz or faster 5ghz. we're going to be releasing a cool new feature in mid-late october called adaptive band steering, which will help ios (and android) devices to connect faster, stay connected to the best/fastest band, and roam quickly between 2.4ghz and 5ghz (without user having to intervene).  this will ensure that even with a common ssid, ios devices will quickly find and lock onto 5ghz fast channels.
@douaglas i was able to use fastlane with 5ghz at one point and when i tried setting it up again sometime yesterday and i think the day before  i also got that "dfs not supported" message.again when i tried setting it up just now, i was able to use fastlane with 5ghz. but at the moment i think i'll go with the 2.4ghz fastlane mode just so it's connected after reboots etc. i think if i reboot, fastlane/5ghz will stop working. i noticed that after a couple of reboots or so, my samsung smartthings hub is put to offline mode until i change the extender to the basic mode. but today i went with the 2.4ghz fastlane. let's see how that works out. :)
ok i may have missed it here somewhere my main question is when the black portals start to ship will i get two or one with the initial shipment ? reason i use two now if i get one it'll have to stay in the box until i get my second... my property is long and skinny but typical netgear modems can't reach from one end to the other, plus a repeater in the backyard outlet for wireless switches and plugs outside for landscape lighting and drop cam cameras around the house and i was hoping to keep my same ssids and passwords so it would be invisible to all people in my house and old guess that already have their access .. but i don't believe this is possible yet am i wrong?
scott and douglas - appreciate your detailed feedback and descriptions.  our engineers in both us and taiwan are all up looking at your issues. can you send us the following information to support@portalwifi.com, please.   thank you. (a) the product id and mac address of your device.  it should be located on the label on the bottom of your portal.  you can also just take a picture of that label and send it to us. (b) a brief description of how you've got your portal set up, such as (i) what modem or gateway; (ii) what port to port is connected; (iii) are you using ethernet? or power line adapter?; (iv) what else do you have connected to your portal; (vi) are you using the usb ports also? (vii) is it on a table/shelf or hanging on wall; (viii) do you have it powered directly from wall outlet?  or a power adapter or extension cable? maybe a smart outlet?;  (ix) what is the case temperature like? thank you again for your great support.  we'll get to the bottom of this soon.
any ideas how this unit pairs with google fiber internet service? my fiber line gets installed tuesday.
@creator, more info on issue. first use of laptop this morning (on 5ghz network) was quite slow (ping:419ms, ~5mbps up ~0.4 down with very spiky transfer). about 5 minutes into trying to figure out why speed increased with no changes made on my end (ping:46ms, 17.7mbps up 1.48mbps down) and since then i have not had any issue with the 2.4ghz network either. is there some sort of power saving mode that isn't being deactivated by activity on the 2.4ghz band? the light has remained solid green on my unit since i rebooted it yesterday after the initial install.
@jack, did your ex6100 range extender fully work after the scan?  my ex6200 range extender was not working, so i looked at the scan and it said that routers using dfs channels are not supported.  i wanted to use my ex6200 (in its fastlane mode of 5ghz for router) to make a guest ssid since portal doesn't have that yet (similarly, i also can't try it as a  workaround for 2.4ghz reliability issue that scott and i seem to have encountered).
@scott s, i am also noticing strangeness on 2.4ghz six-nine feet away from router.  one example is that when i run something like fast.com or speedtest.net, it may bog down in the middle.  and pingplotter may not be able to reach the host during those times.  like you said there isn't much to tweak, so i can't try something like changing channel from automatic 6 to something else such as channel 1.  the light on top of my portal has changed from solid green to solid blue, so i am considering another reboot (the first reboot was necessary for devices such as my moto x pure edition to see the 5ghz).
@creator, my phone is a moto-x (overdue for an upgrade), the tv is a vizio m50-c1. the fire tvs you mentioned in a previous post. on a somewhat related note, i am not sure if i got a defective unit or what but i have been testing the router over the past 12 or so hours and all my devices on the 2.4ghz network (which now is most of them) get dropped constantly. even when sitting within 3 feet of the router, i load a webpage- signal drops... start a video stream- signal drops... reconnects and video needs to buffer-- signal drops... i've tried looking for any settings to change but there really isn't much to tweak in the app/web interface. any help would be great because as it is now my old router is drastically outperforming the portal.
@creator, i am a early (europe) adopter and the only thing i would like to know which transporter you'll use for sending the portal device to my home in the netherlands. do you add a tracking #, so i can follow the package through dutch customs? i have on several occasions a very bad experience with our post.nl in combination with dutch customs. they will open up packages if in their opinion there's no proper filled in customs form for contents and pricing. waiting for your reply.
thanks, i think that does answer my question!  i was looking to use it as a wireless extender with my existing netgear wireless router.  but not a big deal if i need to wait a couple more weeks for the next portal to arrive.  thanks so much for the quick reply!
hi steven - not sure what you mean by mesh with it.  do you mean wirelessly?  with what other router were you intending to mesh with portal? wireless mesh needs special software and communication protocols between the two routers.  in practice, this usually means that both ends of the mesh had to have been designed specifically to work together as a set.  in short, portal was designed to mesh only with another portal. in the meantime, you can certainly "bridge" portal to another existing router very easily using ethernet or power line adapters.  this would extend your existing network because bridging puts both devices on the same subnet. does this answer your question?  if not, please let me know.
is it possible to use the first portal that just arrived to extend my existing wifi (e.g. mesh with it) until the 2nd portal arrives?
hi levy - yes, you can use power line adapters (plc) to connect two portals.  just make sure that the far one is in bridge mode.  see support@portalwifi.com for instructions how to do this. just be aware that power line isn't a perfect substitute for ethernet.  in my experience, the data rate is clipped to about 20mbps to 50mbps depending on the model of plc adapter you have and the condition of your house wiring. if you have a choice, suggest you go with the latest generation homeplug av2 spec adapters with mimo (you can tell because they have 3 prongs).  the av2 mimo adapters are much more tolerant to poor or older wiring, and they'll give you about twice the speed as the older av1 devices. hope this helps.
hi dude - yes, portal works great with power line adapters.   that's what i'm running to get broadband to my basement.  it's a good option if you don't want to run ethernet, but it's not a perfect substitute.  the data rate is clipped to about 20mbps to 50mbps depending on your house wiring and generation of power line adapter you're using.   my suggestion, go with the latest homeplug av2 spec with mimo (also called beamforming).  it's more tolerant to poorer or older wiring and faster. if you've got thick concrete, brick or metal stud walls/floors, powerline and good-old ethernet are about your only option.  mesh and range extenders are ok if you need to span pure distance and light walls, but pretty much useless if you need to penetrate thick or multiple walls.
hi alan  -  portal should be a cozy warm temperature, but it shouldn't be excessively hot.  there are ten high powered radios inside, not to mention four processors running full bore, so it is naturally going to get warm; about 100f is normal which is about the right temp that your cat will want to curl up on it.  just make sure there is good clearance underneath portal to allow for air to circulate thru the bottom vents.
we're looking into the behavior of nvidia shield k1 and roku 3. i just checked the fire tv stick, and confirm that it is skipping scan in the dfs channels.  some manufacturers, usually for older or very low-cost devices, seem to disable scanning in the dfs channels (ie. the radar-protected fast channels that portal uses).  my guess why they're doing this is perhaps to save money or time during fcc certification.   we're compiling a list of such devices, so far its a short list. i also just checked the original fire tv and fire tv 4k boxes, and original and latest apple tv boxes, and they are all able to see and connect to portal in 5ghz.
@creator like douglas, i had also rebooted the modem before. i remember at one point my samsung galaxy s5 wasn't finding the signal and after a reboot it found it and it's always there now. now i have tested with my sony tv (kdl-46nx711) and xbox one (only console of current gen standard consoles to have 5ghz.) and they both were able to detect the 5ghz connection. i also tested with nvidia shield tv but that didn't detect the 5ghz connection. all the devices i tested have support for 5ghz. i also tested multiple times for each device as well as powering them on/off etc.
my router arrived on east coast (no tracking id sent but it was in myups).  none of my devices saw the 5ghz signal until i used web interface to reboot.  after reboot (which changed 5ghz channel from 100 to 52), all my devices except roku 3 and fire tv stick see the 5ghz (so those two have to use 2.4ghz).  signal level out the side and back of the router seems similar to my r7000 but level out the front of router may be lower; speed is fine in my small house.  temperature of case measured above the logo seems to be around 108f (30f higher than room temp); power supply seems to be using barely over 6 watts from ac.  hopefully we'll get more "features" such as channel configuration, guest ssid, and maybe traffic meter.
@creator. i can confirm that after scanning multiple times with nvidia shield tablet k1, new roku stick, and new fire tv stick i'm unable to detect the 5ghz network of portal's. i am able to detect 5ghz with my samsung galaxy s5, new chromecast, netgear ex6100 range extender (though, it did take a rescan to find the network), and chromebox. i'll try to test with more devices later on but the devices that i listed i tried scanning multiple times and still didn't work and they are in the same room as portal.
scott - what's the model of your phone and tv?  which year/model(s) of amazon fire(s) do you have?
super early adopters who ordered a second portal can expect to get their 2nd unit in about 1.5 - 2 weeks; it's being shipped as part of the second batch along with early adopters.  we wanted to make sure everyone got at least one portal first.
@ming han chung. they wanted all the super early adopters to get their rewards rather then giving everyone seconds and so on. (or i believe they said they want all the backers to get their rewards before anyone gets their seconds. i don't remember. something like that, though.) :p
not just the nivida shield tablet but some other devices as well. just one example of a recent device not detecting portal's 5ghz network.
@scott s. i also have that issue where devices can't detect the 5ghz netwprl. i have an nvidia shield tablet k1 which is capable of detecting 5ghz networks but not portal.
where did these guys come from??? the professionalism is amazing. i got a reply to my email account already on my second portal. they have been responsive and concise on all of their communication and the item itself is so sleek an polished. sorry to gush but i've have some bad experiences with some other products i pledged to here on kickstarter and i'm just amazed
portal just got dropped at the doorstop! however i ordered a second one so i can do mesh with upstairs. why didn't it get shipped too?
portal arrived today, outside package was pretty beat up but that's how i can tell it went through ups. portal box inside was in perfect shape, super sturdy packaging. my install wasn't quite as smooth as others, app refused to find the router even after multiple restarts of router/modem/app. then the app crashed and on restart found it right away. also not sure if i am missing a setting or something but most of my devices (phone, tv, amazon fires) cannot see the "faster" connection. they were previously connected to a 5ghz ac/a/n network (tp-link ac1750 acher c8 router) so i don't understand why they're not capable of connecting to (or even seeing) the portals 5ghz network.
portal up and running. you get two defaut wifi networks, portal (fastest) and portal 2_g. ran speedtest on ios 10 on att uverse. before portal: 9.36 down / 4.62 up after portal:   40.37 down / 4.75 up
any chance of ordering more at a slight discount from retail �?
@jeffrey, thanks a million! that was the exact info i needed.
just installed my portal.  packaging is insane, you guys trying to one up apple?  i had to triple check the box didn't have any needed stuff in it because it was so sturdy. we live in a building in nyc built in the early 1900's, the walls are thick concrete and the density of wifi signals is intense.  even though my current 2.4g / 5g router has a line of sight to my 2.4g roku tv, the signal is spotty.  so for a year, we've more-or-less successfully relied on a plugged-in (electric wiring) booster.  i plugged in the portal to the router and the signal to the tv was better, but not as good as the plugged-in wall unit.  it did allow for much better non-tv wifi usage.  next i moved the portal to the tv room and plugged it into the wall-unit booster.  that has worked well for the roku, providing a stronger signal for the 12 feet the signal has to travel.  it has also boosted the wifi throughout the house.  i'm not sure why this setup works better, because the electrical work is at least 60 years old, but strangely it does. only concern was that when i was moving the portal from the router to the wall-unit, it felt reasonably hot.  surprisingly hot considering it was only plugged-in for about an hour.  is that normal?
i usually don't write review but this product is super awesome!!! finally got my own portal yesterday and it's amazing! the new app made it simple and quick to setup. the speed is off the chart!!! thank you ignition design labs for making an awesome product!
@jimmy jo - i don't work for ignition but here is a reply from them back in 7/4 about moving the portals from country to country the operation of wireless products, especially wifi routers like portal, is closely regulated by respective government authorities; in the case of the us that's the fcc and in the case of europe that's etsi. this is done for safety reasons because there are different kinds of radios and radar operating in different regions, and the regulators need to insure that devices operating in their country don't cause interference. conventional routers are actually kinda dumb about this, and have traditionally been unable to detect these regional differences autonomously. so instead, it's up to the router makers to manually"hard code" the region code into their routers at the factory. you'll notice that almost all the routers sold today and especially the ones that you get from your carrier/service provider have stickers on them certifying operation in europe only or us/canada only, but rarely/never both. now you know why. portal of course is smarter than this, and we've given portal the smarts to self-determine their users' region of operation, so technically your portal could automatically configure itself to us or europe operation and thus automatically be compliant with both regions. in other words, one portal that works and is fully compliant in eu and us/canada... pretty cool, eh? the problem of being first with a great idea is often the regulations are a little behind. one of those "a little behind" regulations is the rule that our labeling which includes the certification information has to be specific to eu or us/canada or japan. we are in the process of convincing the fcc, etsi and mic (japan) that it's cool, safe and reliable to have a single worldwide sku that auto detects region and auto configures the compliance settings. but it's not yet the rule today, though we are confident that we can convince them in time. if and when this happens, we'll issue a software upgrade to your portal. in the meantime, we suggest that you use your portal only in the region that you purchased it; eu (including efta countries), us/canada or japan. please also drop us an email to: support@getportal.io and let us know when you plan to move. if we can't get the worldwide sku update in time for you, we'll send you a coupon for a discount on purchase of another portal for your move. we'll be going on amazon in a couple months, so you will be able to buy additional portals even after the kickstarter campaign.
just out of curiosity, are the us version, eu version and jp version different in hardware? we'll portal work if i take the us version to either eu or jp?
hi, probably need to use 2 portals for better coverage. won't run new wires so i am wondering if powerline adapters would be a better solution or if i should just connect the wirelessly
hi jasper - portal has access to multiple dfs channels simultaneously; that's one of our special patented abilities.  if there is weather radar in your neighborhood, it's usually narrowband and only blocks the use of one dfs channel.   portal detects this, and simply switches to a clean unoccupied channel. portal has access to roughly 300mhz of special protected dfs spectrum plus 160mhz of ordinary 5ghz spectrum (so total of 460mhz of space).  an 802.11ac channel needs only 80mhz, so there is plenty of space for portal to find clean uncrowded bandwidth to achieve maximum speed.
i too am a super early adopter but have not received any shipping information.
if i live next to an airport. should i be concerned about the speed of my portal?
you have eluded to some features not being ready yet.  is there some matrix with features and release dates you can share?  what features are not present?
@creator no problem, it will get here when it gets here (although with the anticipation the sooner the better). i just wanted to ensure nothing went wrong. thank you for the quick response and a spectacularly run campaign.
i'm also a super early adopter who hasn't received a tracking email.
hi scott - i just checked with otx, they say your portal has shipped.  unfortunately, i can't see the tracking number.   if you don't see your portal or a tracking number by tomorrow, drop us a note at: support@portalwifi.com and we'll go poke otx again for you.
so i am a "super early adopter" and ordered a white portal. i have not received any sort of shipping notification yet. should i be concerned?
@christopher i forgot to add. - change wifi channels/canal from your router.  - defective router (actual) - walls too thick 2.4 ghz has better signal strength than 5ghz.
@christopher i'm not working for portal. i'm just a backer as yourself, i'll try to answer your questions (but remember i may be wrong). 1- if you live in a crowded area (with lots of residences or apartments), the wifi signal will be better (if you use the 5ghz band).  2.4ghz, i don't think it will do anything (again, not sure).  if it does work better with portal, don't do anything.  if it doesn't, i guess a wifi extender is the solution for you.  basically you "copy" your ssid and password into the wifi extender and you'll get better coverage (like a second router).  i did it once, was working ok but didn't like the setup (using electric plug).  try to place the router in the middle of your apartment/house since wifi signal is basically "round" where the router is in the center. 2-  from what i heard from one backer below (jack i think ? sorry bro), the app setup is very simple. i guess it's almost " touch'n'play " as well as the web gui.  if you touch on the portal logo (i think), you can bring up the advanced settings on the app.  but i haven't received my portals yet so can't confirm any of this. i tried to help. hope it helps you. "this is in no way a confirmation but only a speculation."
had a few questions and or concerns i was hoping y'all could address for me. i remember reading somewhere in the responses that portal does not completely replace the old router but clones and/or piggyback backs it so it has the same settings? my first concern is the router. its supplied by century link, the isp, its a dual modem and router and only has a single 2.4ghz. band. the range is extremely limited. the tv in the next room from where the router sits normally streams about 1.5 mb at best. coverage for the rest of the house is almost non-existent, especially the further out you go. my dsl speeds sit at about 10-13 mb on any given day coming into the router but drop to almost nothing 1 room over. now for the big question, is portal gonna hekp with this? i realize its not gonna boost the raw speed but will it be able to do better than what the current router is doing. secondly, as far as installation? how much hair pulling? the phone app? is it like the facebook app? does it suck alotta battery juice? i read its safer to keep the app on the phone because of its security protocols, but will an ipad suffice? that's most of my concerns for now. really, the setup is big one. i truly appreciate all your responses and helpful feedback.
hi jel - glad to hear that you're enjoying your new portal.  to get the most speed out of your portal, make sure your client device is associated with the 5ghz fast network.  if you're using an ios device, they have an annoying tendency to pick the slower 2.4ghz network almost all the time.  on my iphone 6, in settings i force it to "forget" all 2.4ghz networks; that way i'm only ever on fast 5ghz or quickly switch to lte. appreciate your feedback about the app being too simple.  we designed it so that setup would be a breeze.  hidden from sight and in the background, portal is doing alot of complicated configurations to make sure your setup is optimized for your environment.  in traditional routers, alot of this stuff was left up to the user to configure manually. the app does allow you access more advanced device settings, should you desire to see and manually configure your portal.  in the app, when you click on the hexagon-shaped portal icon, you will see a switch that enables you to unhide the advanced settings.  in the coming weeks, we will be adding options to configure static ip, bridge mode, ppoe, port forwarding, and more. you can also access all of portal's configuration controls the "old school" way thru a traditional webui.  see our support page for instructions on how to do this.   note that our webui has a special 2-factor authentication lock to prevent intrusion.  in the app under advanced settings, you'll find a switch that enables and disables the webui.  the default is enabled, you can disable it to lock out anyone tampering with your portal's configuration thru the physical ethernet ports or wirelessly. https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us/articles/227565147-how-do-i-access-the-portal-web-interface-
hi rudd - portal gives you the choice; either single ssid for both 2.4ghz and 5ghz, or split ssid (ie. 2 ssid) where xxxxx is fast 5ghz and xxxxx_2g is the slower 2.4ghz for legacy devices. we currently set the default to split ssid because ios devices such as iphone and ipad have a strong taste for 2.4ghz, meaning that they have a built-in bias to choose 2.4ghz almost always over 5ghz.  if you use a single ssid, you won't know whether your iphone is associated to the slower 2.4ghz radio or the faster 5ghz; and most often it's the slower 2.4ghz that you're using. a split ssid configuration, while not elegant, at least allows you to see which network you're connected to, so you can force an association to the faster 5ghz whenever possible.  it's a band-aid solution, but until now there hasn't been anything better... in the coming weeks, we will be introducing a clever new feature called adaptive band steering, where portal will dynamically coordinate with your ios and android devices to quickly lock onto and stay on the fastest 5ghz network whenever in range.  no more band-aid needed.  this new feature will be automatically updated to your portal when ready, and at that time you will be able to use a single ssid with full confidence that your device is now always on the fastest band.  look for this new feature in the coming weeks.
@ jel and jack great to see people receiving their portals if i may ask i am more curious about the range as this is the main problem for some maybe compare how much speed you get from the farthest place on your house lot and do the speed test on both router that you have i am sure many backers here will appreciate the feedback of it. thanks for letting us know that some people are receiving their portal now.
can't the ssid's be the same between bands?   i thought this thing was semi-intelligent and could redirect devices to 5ghz?
portal will allow you to have 2 ssids.  the default names for these are printed on the bottom. the one for the 2.4ghz frequency band should be used for slower legacy devices.  use the 5ghz frequency band for all the stuff that you want to go fast.  here our 5ghz ssid is portal_rickybobby.
so my portal came today. setup was pretty easy. you might have to unplug and plug your modem back in for portal to setup correctly. it pairs with your phone and needs your location permission and once that's done, portal will greet you with an ssid and password you fill out. once you feel out the ssid, it's setup under 2.4ghz and 5ghz. i believe when i set up the ssid under 2.4ghz said portal_2g and under 5ghz it said portal_2g_5g or something like that. i don't remember but i changed it. like the user below, the app and web interface are too simplistic which is nice i guess but there aren't many options at the moment. as for speed test, i used to get 55-59mbps download and 5-6 mbps with my tp-link archer c8 and now i get 65mbp-70mbps download and 6-almost 7 mbps. so, that's quite a difference. the last time i tested my speeds was about a couple of days ago.
got my white portal today. packaging was nice and simple and the box was very sturdy - it felt like thin wood on the inside actually. anyway, the portal was pretty easy to setup. note that it takes a while for the light to turn from red/green to blue, which means the portal is on and working. it took a little longer than expected, so i wound up unplugging a couple of times, which i wouldn't advise... it also took a while to connect to the app... when it was all said and done, i believe the delay was because the router was updating its firmware. so just be more patient than i was. i replaced my netgear with the portal and while i ran speedtests and did not notice a speed advantage over the netgear, i think the real test is when a lot of devices are using wifi. so, i will give it a go for a while before i decide it was a good buy. the app is simple, but perhaps too much so. i had to figure out how to add the 5g network over the 2.5g - basically whatever you name your router, by default the 5g network will be named with a "_2" after it or something. it's pretty easy to change after you set it up. anyway, the app could definitely use improvements, but i'm sure that will come as more people start using their portals. anyway, i'm fairly happy with my experience so far, but only time will tell if there's a noticeable difference for my usage. oh, we don't have a lot of neighbors with overlapping wifi, so i'm sure for people in a more urban setting, you will definitely see the benefits there. that's not my case, however, so i can't speak to that right now.
@creator. thanks for the info, good to know that the black ones will be in two weeks. no more obsessively checking the ups website.
will the router work with circle https://meetcircle.com (arp spoofing)?
one quick note.  the portals arriving this week are all white units.  if you are a super early adopter and you changed from white (the standard color for super early adopters) to a black unit (optional upgrade) on backerkit, your portal will be arriving in 2 weeks.  the plastics molding factory in china queued our order with all white in the first batch.  the black and red units are on their way now.  eta for early adopters and all other backers is still on track.
hi steven - if you are a super early-adopter and you ordered more than one portals, you will be getting your first unit this week.  your additional portals will be arriving in about 2 weeks.  we wanted to make sure all super early adopters get their first portals quickly, so we allocated the first batch to just one per backer.  rest assured, we have your second portal at top of the list for the second batch coming soon.
we designed the setup to be simple enough so as not to need a user manual; the app will walk you thru the startup step-by-step. for additional information, we have a "getting started" and "advanced settings" online manual at our support website:   https://support.portalwifi.com/hc/en-us
is there a user manual?  i can't find anything on getportal.io.
no tracking number yet... us super early bird backer .
i see mine on ups' website with a delivery date of friday as well.  the package is only 4lbs though, which makes me think that the extra router i ordered @ super early pricing on backerkit is *not* included in the original shipment.
@jack, usually i do. i even logged into mychoice and don't see anything yet. i will just be patient and hope for the best.
@geran smith. do you usually get shipping notification from ups? if not, you probably need to update your address to the exact shipping address you often use.
can confirm. ups mychoice email, otx shipping, friday delivery, 3 day select.
looks like my portal will be delivered on friday from ups. i don't think the amount of portals effect the delivery, i ordered 3.
no shipping notification for me yet as a super early backer :(. nothing on ups either. i am super excited... i did order a second one, so i am hoping that did not impact the delivery.
so, i got an email from ups saying i have a package for delivery tomorrow. it's from ceritos, ca which is the same city as otx logistics in california. did not get an email from otx, though. also, it's being shipped by ups 3 day select.
i love the anticipation of christmas eve. https://s.yimg.com/fz/api/res/1.2/jrlslthvskmchaq0maapog--/dz00oda7y2m9nja0odawo2fwcglkpxnyy2hkza--/http://ts1.mm.bing.net/th…
i too am anxious to see speed/range tests, please post a link if anyone makes a video
backer #2219 here in the usa: not sure when i'll get mine, but the family is stoked about receiving it ... we can't wait! portal family, please post as you all start getting yours in, i am very anxious to hear from a "non-expert" to get a review on the set-up and ease of use.  good luck!
@creator, super awesome!.  i'm very excited to boost my wifi experience.  thank you guys so much!
awesome. thanks @creator! really looking forward to getting this bad boy setup.
super early adopter shipments are out for delivery.  depending on where you live, you can expect it to arrive at your door within next 2-5 days.   otx should be sending you tracking info shortly.
@henry i was told that about 10 days ago that a shipment was processed and those who backed the super early backer, the 200 of us and in the us, would probably receive their portal last friday, 16-sept.
could i use a power line connection to connect two portals?
@scott wilson.  no one gotten their shipping # yet.  forget those numbers on kickstarter. i believe they going by the region /backer kit #s.  which ever is first.  they said in the past that white,  then those exclusively red color.  patience is golden.
i thought i was going to get mine this past weekend but i haven't received a tracking number as of this post. i though the first 200 were supposed to get them last friday... reward: super early backer backer #: 119
lh, you will receive the tracking number when you portal is sent from the regional distribution point for your country.  we are shipping portals in bulk to regions to help with customs charges.
roger, portal will be made available for sale outside of kickstart after we have completed delivery to all of our backers.  we had been allowing add-ons for the past several months but have had to close this as we are shipping.
movie kang portal defaults to upnp disabled to close a security vulnerability that exists with this protocol  for some gaming consoles you will need to enable upnp using the mobile app or browser interface.
nick, you can connect your two portal together either with and ethernet cable or wirelessly to increase the range and coverage.  in either case, you need to just use the mobile app to set them up one at a time. using ethernet cabling will give you the highest performance, but you will need to run the cable from the upstairs unit to the downstairs unit.  this can involve drilling holes and pulling cable through walls, so we expect that most people will connect their portals wirelessly.  we have worked to make this straight forward and close to the performance of cabling.
can i have the tracking number?
when will additional units be available for purchase?  i'm a contributor, and only ordered one, hoping that if it's not sufficient, that my range extenders will work, but in the case that they don't, i'd be interested in buying a second unit.
when will additional units be available for purchase?  i'm a contributor, and only ordered one, hoping that if it's not sufficient, that my range extenders will work, but in the case that they don't, i'd be interested in buying a second unit.
does portal's intrusion detection stop ip booting during online gaming?  ip booting basically disconnects you during game play, allowing your opponent to secure a win, while you lose.
can anyone help me out on this? my modem is upstairs, and the wifi has trouble getting signal strength to where my game room is on the lower level of the house. i purchased two portal routers and would ideally like to have one upstairs (connected to the modem) and one downstairs in my game room. how would i go about linking those two together? i have heard of terms like daisy chaining, repeating, bridging and wds, but i don't know which to look into. ideally i would like to use a method that minimizes the loss of speed a list of steps/ links to videos would be greatly appreciated! thanks!
i am here in the ios version portal wifi router - easy, fast, secure by portalwifi.com https://appsto.re/us/dojeeb.i
for those of you who have asked about the android app for portal.  i came across this today. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…
when we had the opportunity, i added a 2nd portal to my order at the same price point as my original pledge - as a super early bird backer.  i'm wondering if both routers will ship next week, or just the 1 associated with the pledge.  if the latter, do you have any etas on when the additional one would ship?
good lord, i had 2 repeaters in use in the apartment and oddly both died this month! i do hope the portal will arrive soonish... we reallyyyyy need it now :)
i can't wait to get my portal!!! thank you guys for being so transparent and quick to respond throughout the whole campaign!
@david menorath you will have to do this with line bonding which i doubt portal will cope with as the isp needs to support traffic aggregation their end...
agree with the vat and duties comment.  i keep saying that items should be sent as "gift for investor" or something along those lines.  this because, since ks is "not a store" then technically we are not buying something.  we are just receiving a gift for backing a certain investor pledge level.
is it possible to combine two internet connections with the portal, either by using two portals or with one unit?
@creator can you confirm that i will be receiving my portal this month as my company is moving offices next month, so i will no longer be at the shipping address...
tiffany, please let us know after you setup your portal if you experience any issues with coverage.  we'd be happy tp help with your stem efforts.
david hall, if your guests use the portal mobile app, which they can download from their lte network, then they will have a better more secure experience.  however, portal will also support a traditional guest network where you tell them a fixed password.
i'm looking forward to reviving mine!  i'm hoping i will be able to use it in my school to boost the signal strength outside.  often we do stem projects outside and i'm tired of hearing my students say, "it's glitching again!"
i've asked the team about the shipment method at the start of this campaign, and advised them to dropship to the eu to prevent those insane import fees. (fyi, if the eu/usa trade pact succeeds, import fees from the usa will be lifted, and products developed through crowdsourcing will be treated extra tactful! \o/ ) the portal team is using the company otx for eu shipments, which ships from near shanghai to either hoofddorp for air freights or rotterdam for sea freights. from there our packages get sent to their final destinations. this company (otxlogistics.com) offers multiple logistic services i just saw, so i expect/hope the portal team did make use of those services, which then should prevent us getting taxed unfairly. (i say unfairly because it's ridiculous that we, being the investors, get taxed for what essentially are either beta or pre-production samples.)
i've asked the team about the shipment method at the start of this campaign, and advised them to dropship to the eu to prevent those insane import fees. (fyi, if the eu/usa trade pact succeeds, import fees from the usa will be lifted, and products developed through crowdsourcing will be treated extra tactful! \o/ ) the portal team is using the company otx for eu shipments, which ships from near shanghai to either hoofddorp for air freights or rotterdam for sea freights. from there our packages get sent to their final destinations. this company (otxlogistics.com) offers multiple logistic services i just saw, so i expect/hope the portal team did make use of those services, which then should prevent us getting taxed unfairly. (i say unfairly because it's ridiculous that we, being the investors, get taxed for what essentially are either beta or pre-production samples.)
hey @creator. here in the uk (well for me in london) mobile data is fast and cheap so most of my uk guests dont need to borrow my wifi. the people that do are typically from.overseas and their phone doesn't roam or they can't use a local sim card etc. so they don't have days when they turn up at my place. at the moment - because - you know - i have a brain :-) - its easy for me to tell them my wireless guest network and give them a wireless key. i guess that's a pretty common use case on here. my understanding is that with portal my guests will need your app to connect to my network as a guest - and i guess not to many will arrive with it pre-installed - how will they download it ? maybe i misunderstood something so i hope i am not asking for an explanation for something super obvious to the rest of the world :-) fyi - i can see 26 5.0 networks and 29 2.4 networks - thank you to my cable company (virgin media) who supply my whole (large) building with lots of lovely glass so we all see each others wifi.  i also have around 30 wireless devices (pre guest) on 2.4 and 5.0 ghz and a wired segment that's remote from my modem (don't ask). virgin media 200mbps broadband is awesome with a wire...but wireless it sucks. i must have spent well over 600 (pre brexit ) gbp on wireless routers and they have all been some variety of ugly and disappointing or both. if its not the prototypical use case for portal - i'm not sure what is. to say that i'm excited is an understatement! thanks for an awesome kickstarter. great communication. basically nailing your time table.  etc david
can you please assure to place the invoice outside the package when sending the rewards to germany?. this is due to issues with the german customs, when they cant access the invoice outside the package which leads to additional costs, waiting time and the need to pick it up there. thanks for your support, best regards
also on the page that francis brought up, most (if not all) of those features are for the nest cam, not the portal. i chuckled at "clear zoom" and "night vision".
will there be an app for the mac app store? i'm hoping it isn't just a mobile app. will there be web interface mgmt??
be careful with fedex. they charge 25 euro for custom declarations in europe. don't know about the others.
be careful with fedex. they charge 25 euro for custom declarations in europe. don't know about the others.
hello,  i was curious how the product is shipping to europe? i am curious if i am going to  be looking at costs from the zollamt (customs) in germany?
hi francis - yes, portal is 802.11ac compliant; it's in fact, a 4x4 wave-2 mu-mimo which is the latest spec and highest speed rate of 11ac.  it also supports the legacy 802.11 a/b/g/n standards as well, concurrently on both 5ghz and old 2.4ghz. we have a new web designer and they seemed to have dropped a letter off the spec.  i'll have them fix it asap.
@ creator hi i have read the specification on https://portalwifi.com/how-it-works/ and notice that it says that " working wi-fi connection 802.11 a/b/g/n @2.4 ghz, 5ghz.  i thought that this is supposed to have an ac compliant connection? hope you can clarify this thank you
geran, jimmy, etc.. - portals haven't arrived in the us yet, so we can't provide tracking information.   as soon as they've arrived, cleared customs, and are in hands of the fulfillment shippers (i.e. fedex, ups, etc...) they will send you tracking info.  if you have a notification today, it's unlikely to be your portal.  sorry.
hi chris - we haven't released the ios and android apps yet, so you haven't missed anything. the apps are currently in "dog food" and "monkey" testing by the internal team and a limited number of friends and family, so not yet ready to be released.  our current plan is to release it on apps store and android play the week of sept 19.
much like everyone else i'm getting very excited for the first batch of routers to be released.  since we are getting closer to launch would it be possible to get a look at the app being used (on either ios or android) for setup and network management?  and if i've missed something earlier on that i apologize as i hadn't seen anything. thanks portal team and keep up the great work!
do you guys happen to be using "kerry logistics" for shipping? i got a fedex notification for them as a shipper and am hoping it is my portal!
will you provide tracking information?
i just wanted to say that the communication from the portal team has been exceptional. i have backed many kickstarter projects, and this team has done one of the best jobs i can remember of being completely transparent about any and all production issues or delays, in a very clear way without any ambiguity or fluff. your team has done an outstanding job, and kickstarter should use your project as a case study for the right way to run a kickstarter campaign and communicate with your backers. thank you and i look forward to receiving my portal soon!
rich - portal is rated indoor for both moisture and temperature, as well as electrical protection.  you'll notice (when you get your portal) that it has vents on the bottom, to allow for airflow.  we assume that airflow is relatively cool because it's room temp air, and it's relatively free of hazardous dust, vapors, etc...  routers rated for outdoor are not only enclosed to protect it from moisture, but the enclosure is usually metal with a bigger chunk of metal as a heatsink in the back to allow for cooling without need for any airflow.  they also use special power adapters and cable to prevent you from electrocuting yourself if say you're standing in a puddle of water while plugging it in.  sorry, but we use inexpensive power adapter that are only guaranteed by ul to keep you safe if you plug it indoors.  in short, we strongly recommend that you use portal indoors only... would hate to see you electrocute yourself :-)
hi ming han chung - we don't have an actual orbi yet to test, so we can only go by what we read from the fcc id.  it appears that orbi is certified to operate only in the ordinary (non-dfs)   channels in 5ghz, which is really no different than many of the other netgear routers today.  orbi's key newness is that it combines mesh and tri-band (ie. two simultaneous 5ghz links), which is a pretty cool trick that eero, luma, and plume can't do.  the downside is, even with two simultaneous 5ghz links, they are both still on crowded channels. in contrast, portal is certified by fcc, mic (japan) and etsi (eu) to operate in the four special fast dfs channels in addition to the ordinary 5ghz channels; so 3x more channels.  in fact, portal is currently the only consumer wifi router in the world (that we know of) that is officially certified to operate in the tdwr band, which even more rare and exclusive than the already exclusive dfs band.  and portal also does adaptive mesh, similar to orbi, but we do it in the clean dfs channels so we don't get jammed up by congestion and traffic. in short, orbi is pretty cool, but it does not use the same 5ghz channels as portal.  hope this helps.
to those who will received it first please make a review video =)
hi! will we receive tracking information? i put the address where we will be moving in the next week, so i needto know if i need to run by the new house and pick it up... it's. good problem to have!
i appreciate that idl has been so responsive to questions posted in the comments section, and it would be even nicer if some of the answers made it into the faq or updates sections of the campaign.
will we get tracking numbers for our orders when they finally ship?
can confirm that they are busy getting things ready for shipping. emails are responded to very expediently. all said ... i am impressed with their speed and delivery. most kickstarter projects i have backed are delayed. idl has put things together really well.
thanks for the quick response, portal team. have updated my address accordingly. :) looking forward to receiving the shipment.
got the finalize shipping address e-mail.
got my letter...
"early adopter" from canada here.  just got the "last call" email to confirm my shipping address this morning.
super early adopter here, confirming that backerkit has sent me an email to finalize my shipping address.
hi portal team. i got the shipping confirmation email and needed to update my address as i had moved but the link given did not allow for address change as the backer kit had locked address changes. please update my shipping address according to the email sent. thanks.
i got a non-automated message from the ignition team. i believe they are shipping the super early adopter units soon.  good luck everyone.
from my experience of backing a couple of kickstarter projects, these kickstarters stop communicating when kickstarting funding ends and they start manufacturing. i've had other kickstarters that communicated pretty well before the end of funding and basically stopped communicating after that. might have to do that they don't really have a support team. anyone who does the communicating here is also probably doing the hardware side of things or something. manufacturing is probably a very stressful and very busy time for these companies. that's probably just the focus right now. they need to be all eyes and ears on any issues so they can ship the product asap. but yeah they could at least say "hi" or something so that we know they are alive. i did receive that email for last call shipping address changes. so, i think sometime next week we'll also get an update and maybe a couple of comments. we'll just wait and see what happens. looking forward to this sexy router.
i also got an email for the early adopter (2nd tier from the top of the rewards) about shipping soon. not sure how much i should trust that, it might just be solely confirming shipping addresses which isn't anything significant. here's hoping for the best!
just received an email from idl for last call on address change before shipping, giving me 48 hours to change the address. idl is still around  but working hard on portal.
confirming that it looks like the super early birds are about to ship. git my address confirmation email today too. :)
the message i just got :) can't wait!! ---no reply needed--- looks like portal: turbocharged wifi is about to ship your rewards soon! if you do not need to update your shipping address, you do not need to take any further actions. you're all set! if you need to update your shipping address, you have 48 hours to make any final changes here.
idl responded to all comments with tons of information. let them work on our routers a little !
@stephen mouring, i think the worry is that the activity and responses went cold after they got our money. i kind of expected it; they had to sell us on the project. now, hopefully, it's all about getting the project completed. no worries on my end. yet! ;)
less than a month from last update, nothing to be worried about
hopefully we will get an update in the next couple of days. bit disappointed that the early backer for europe has slipped from june-september to now end of october.
yes. some small update would be appreciated. then we know they are still alive and didn't give up and run away.
@christian i agree.  @stephen there is nothing wrong with us asking for updates.  idl has not responded publicly or posted an update since aug. 8th. if you don't need an update right now, more power to you.  however, there are those who would like an update even if to acknowledge that they are still hard at work producing these routers.  we are, in a way, investors.  we have given the company money to help fund their business and we are not guaranteed to receive the product. just because other projects don't communicate well with their backers, doesn't mean we don't have the right to ask or expect idl to communicate with us at least monthly.  it has been almost 4 weeks since their last public comment/update.  the community can't see if they are responding privately.
@christian. idl has replied to every single comment and question on this thread up until just a week or so ago. that is over 400 comments. they have utterly exceeded every other project i have backed. the are the gold standard of kickstarter communication. i think they can take a break for a week or two without being "disrespectful".
@creator  is there any news? are you guys ok? did someone get hurt? did you eat? are we patient? do you have a minute to give us an update? can you show some respect? we don't ask you to hurry up producing these complex routers, we don't ask you to tell us or show us everything you guys are doing, we just want to know anything, whatever!! to keep the crowd informed, say hello? answer questions, but seriously is ridiculous you guys don't say a single word... and that's disrespectful, we put our trust in your selves, in your product, we made it possible to be manufactured in the first place, thank you for the awesome idea!! otherwise we wouldn't be exited.. but we believed in a product that is not even in our hands yet, show respect to that!
portal, portal, portal.
portal, portal, portal.
can't wait for october to come around to get portal. i'm in desperate needs of a new router. can't use my laptop to do homework in my room due to and old n router. this would be my first ac router and i can't wait for portal to blow my mind!
@portal - in view of the response levy rivers posted, specifically "lack of security features and defaults. portal's mobile app make it very simple to change the default admin and password. the app will auto generate a strong password for the admin and tie it to their smartphone for 2 level authentication. you actually never need to know your admin login since your phone does. but if you lose your smartphone you will need to do a factory reset on portal to regain control." how does this impact someone flashing their phone to a new rom? most iphone users won't have this problem, but i would speculate that there could be a number of us android phone users that could be faced with the issue.  having flashed a number of different roms on my phone, i know from experience that the first step in set up is the wi-fi connection.  but if we don't have wi-fi, we can't get to the google account set up and google play in order to download the portal app.  so is the portal app something we can download to pc, then transfer to the phone?  will there be an apk for it?  or will we need to do a factory reset of the portal, which doesn't do any good because we can't access google play for the app?
@yusa and @sedef, you can change your address from the backerkit email you previously received.
hi guys, i've recently moved & would like to update my mailing address - can you tell me how best to get in touch?
hello, i am one of the backers. may i change the delivery address since i have moved to a new apartment? where should i contact? please let me know. best, yusa
i have heard back from idl - this was their answer to question sorry for the delay. this one took a little more time to research. we feel that portal is among the most secure routers on the market, provided that you use the security features and pair it with your smartphone for a second level of authentication. essentially, there are 3 main areas of vulnerabilities that people have used to exploit with routers over the past few years (including the nsa). 1- issues with wifi chipsets  2- issues with the protocols used in tcp/ip  3- issues with the dns caches held in the router  4- issue with lack of security and default settings on portal we address all of these. also, we offer wpa 2.0, which is the strongest encryption presently allowed. specifically:  1- chipsets - portal does not allow user code or app code to talk to the chipset. our core fw uses certificates to ensure that is from us, and we verify when our cloud sees a portal being updated that it should be. 2- tcp/ip protocols. portal is forced to used standard tcp/ip protocols. but we try to never expose passwords over wifi. we use bluetooth to transfer credentials when you setup portal for example. this lets portal know your phones uuid, and we use this to provide another level of authentication when possible. 3- dns caching. our cloud monitors the dns entries and if they are changed without permission of the administrator and authenticated by their smartphone, they are not allow and an alert is generated letting you know a potential dns pharming attack is occuring. 4- lack of security features and defaults. portal's mobile app make it very simple to change the default admin and password. the app will auto generate a strong password for the admin and tie it to their smartphone for 2 level authentication. you actually never need to know your admin login since your phone does. but if you lose your smartphone you will need to do a factory reset on portal to regain control. guess access has also been a problem with letting your password become too public. portal geo-fences your guest's device and tears their guest network down when they are not present. the idea being it's harder to hack when it's not there. we are working to publish an article on this in a few months as we believe that security and more importantly privacy are very important, and few routers do anything to address this. as the nsa said, they don't bother with the pc, they go after the router and switch. hope this helps.
@ sean - even if what i am asking is a "fool's" task - they should be the ones answering - no offense meant - not a bystander. even if, another or other vulnerabilities are and will always be present with the use of the "internet" that's no excuse not to fix those that are known. given your logic why not just skip the notion of "privacy" and contribute the money and time by publishing all personal records and conversations for all to use as they please - my concern with privacy is not mythical not idealistic - simply practical - do what you can - keep fighting the good fight and never let the bastards break your spirit.
@levy rivers, asking for a product to be changed after the project has been finished is kinda hard mate. during the backing there is time to come up with feedback. when the project finishes and the backerkits go out there is no big window that still allows them to tweak their product. i just hope they will make the estimated delivery times. ps: even if they fix it. it is pretty useless, nsa and other hackers will keep finding their ways. and privacy these days is so overrated, if you want to go online you have no privacy there. simple. you want off the grid go of the internet.
@jack, never said i was worried, but an update/response would be nice. especially when they have been logging in. taking 5 minutes to respond isn't asking much.
@jack, i agree, i'm not worried about whither they are legit or not but about a revealed nsa hack that should be noted in the design of our product - they can probably fix it with later by ota but as an early bird adopter - having it fix before i got the product would be my preference.
@shaun. i think they have been heavily focused on production and shipping right now. i wouldn't worry yet. they have been very responsive most of the times and they seem legit for the most part. i think they'll update us the latest by the first two weeks of september since that's the estimated delivery for early bird adopters.
and we are left to wait and wonder...
latest mit smart router. https://www.engadget.com/2016/08/23/mit-smarter-routers/
@creator its been 2 weeks since the last update/ response to comments. it would be nice to have an update.
@ignition labs have you seen orbi? do they use the same 5ghz bands the portal does but instead use them to clear up the mesh networking?
i agree about the vpn and other security concerns related to the articles.
@creator - alert - this weekend a router vulnerability was described in this https://theintercept.com/2016/08/19/the-nsa-was-hacked-snowden-documents-confirm/ article - this weakness is pointed at products like ours - please confirm and fix if necessary!
rune, thanks for clarifying. i am actually out of eu (serbia) and will need to perform customs procedure whatever they do to import to eu. lucky you who don't to pay anything extra. for me it will depend what will be "country of origin" and the % will depend on that, then vat, forwarder fee....
is it me or are the ignition design labs very quite lately. @ creator please clear up the vat topic and can you give information about the planning/schedule and estimated delivery dates. hope to hear from you guys soon.
@creator  @michael lawrence  good question. i would suspect these are indoor rated only but would probably work fine outdoors in most climates. it would have to be mounted: "high and dry" for sure. some routers have ext. antenna jacks for this type of work. maybe version 2.0 can use an ext. "bug" antenna or include an outdoor rating.???
@creator     need my blood red portal !  just moved to an apartment complex. not good. death by slow wi-fi is not pretty so help a brother out......cant wait to test ! great product !
@anoosh i asked them privately. they said sept 2017 or about.
there are a lot of 'clearing houses' that specialize in just that, where they import in bulk, pay taxes and vat and distribute the goods in europe. depending on the product, it is often cheaper than sending the product individually from eg. usa og china.
i would like to join "vat & import" discussion! as far as i know it is impossible that company from usa (or any other non-eu country) import goods in eu. so, there must be a eu company who will import goods to eu, pay the customs duty and vat and then it can ship to any eu country where receiver do not need to pay anything further. not a vat as well. you will need to pay vat only if you are "lucky enough" that sender is from your country. need to point here that country of "origin" of the goods is the starting point for customs payment and not the "shipping" country. each customs worldwide ask for "country of origin" to be entered into declaration. i don't see how they will manage to "import" portal in eu unless they open eu company or ask (and pay for that service to) some company to do that service for them. sorry if i mistaken something. i will appreciate if there is somebody with more knowledge to prove me wrong!
when is portal 2.0 coming out?
@creator hey team !  hope you are doing well (and enjoying your success as well ! you deserve it). may we have some photos of the web gui ? especially those for iot devices? thanks a lot team portal
hi portal team. i hadn't received the campaign to my frequently used email because i still had my old email address on file. now that i've changed it, i'd like to make my choices, if that's still possible.
@rik - i believe it will be sent eu friendly.  there is a whole discussion about vat and taxes in earlier comments.
@michael l - i believe you can connect multiple portals together either wirelessly or ethernet. there is a detailed response in the comments section
@creator thanks...
will the european device be sent from within the eu? if not, can the value stated on the packed be lowered to $20?
can you link together more than two portals for an extra large property?
@creator thanks. its disheartening to see that the router industry also follows the conventions of the rest of the ce industry in that the unit we are pledging for is already obsolete...at least there is and will be a market for this portal as it is smart and takes advantage of every possible speed/bandwidth/connection upgrade. i appreciate you giving me your views on this matter. obviously, the government is still overly involved here. make portal great ! thanks
hi levy - the fcc ruling to allow open-source firmware is definitely a positive step for the future of router designs.  however, what isn't obvious in this article and the fcc ruling is that the vast majority of current router are not designed to split the radio functions (the part the fcc doesn't want unlocked) from the application functions (which we in the community want to leave open); that's why most router companies today simply lock down the entire router.   the fcc is very serious about protecting the radio functions from any user modifications, and it's one of the big tests that we have to pass in order to get our certification. portal is currently architected this way, but we are working to try to split software to try to accommodate open-wrt user apps without compromising the radio function.  when you receive your portal it will be locked-down in order to meet the fcc regulations.  but as we make progress on splitting the architecture, we will eventually release a new user app friendly version of the firmware if and when we get clearance from the fcc.  at this point, we can't make any guarantees  as there is a risk we may not have enough memory, etc... architecture splitting requires quite alot of memory.  we're trying and we'll keep you posted.   our next gen design, portal 2.0 will use a much beefier (and more expensive) processor, and we're definitely going to architect it from the start to accommodate the new fcc allowance for user applications.
@levy       great article. thanks ! i too would like comment from the creator on this subject. thanks.
i believe creator has indicated in the past that the red was a special offering.  thus, they would only be issued to those who selected red during the campaign when there was availability.
i didn't see an option for the red either. i really would love to get 1 red and one blue. can we get any of the blue in the us please?
how do we pick the oxblood colour? when filling out the survey it only gave me 2 options: black and white.
under my pledge, it states that the estimated delivery date is august 2016. is that accurate? or are you still behind schedule due to the hardware delay a few weeks ago?
when do we get our estimated arrival dates and tracking information?
yesterday the fcc rule on open-source firmware with tp-link changed.  http://hackaday.com/2016/08/02/fcc-reaches-agreement-with-router-manufacturers/ - if and how does this argeement effect portal?
the assessable value for vat purposes is what you pay for it.  period. imho - on kick-starter usually the creators will make very little profit so what you pay is basically the sum of the component parts and tooling etc. the amazon customers are the profitable ones. wrt bulk shipping to the eu. duties etc will be assessed at the port of entry and must be paid before the shipment will be released. ultimately the same amount of duties will be paid (just by the creator and not us). if it's delivered to an eu entity (ie portal eu ltd or whatever) then it can subsequently be shipped within the eu without further duties being paid. vat will still be due. maybe the creators can clear this up so people can at least be prepared for the 'having to pay' rather than it being a nice surprise. my guess is that we will all have to pay vat but no customs duties.
it won't be released from customs without paying local vat, so if they send it from within the eu, the vat is payed, and there will be no further fees, taxes etc for the backers.
yes, the shipments might be sent from the eu but that only guarantees you do not have to pay custom fees. but whether or not the price you have paid is including the vat is the question we should be asking ourselves. i personally doubt they have paid vat for us.
i thought it has already been stated that portal is eu friendly and us friendly. shipments within the eu will be sent out from the eu. so no challenge in vat and taxes which are being discussed..
@david hall i'm not sure who you're referring to, but i've only explained what would be legal and what wouldn't be. but the fact is, the creators can do a lot about import fees, vat etc. for one they can make sure they declare the lowest possible value, instead of eg. the msrp. a year ago i received a kickstarter reward, where the creator had declared the value he personally thought the reward had, which was more than twice my pledge. that cost me fees and vat equal to my original pledge, effectively doubling the price i paid. totally unnecessary. he could have declared either the pledge value, or the production cost. both would have been perfectly legal, and both would have saved me all the fees and vat. the other thing a creator can do, is bulk ship the product to a country within the eu, pay import fees etc., and then ship the product to the backer. that would also be entirely legal. a lot of kickstarters do this partly to protect the backer against further costs, and partly because it in many cases can be cheaper, than shipping the individual packages from the us or china. tl;dr the creators can do a lot about import fees, vat – and i’m sure ignition will do what they legally can.
i'm not sure what people expect the creators to do re import duties etc. a customs declaration is a legal declaration. customs and other import fees are levied on the recipient because they are the recipients legal duty to pay. i'm incredibly impressed by the creators professionalism and i think it's absolutely unreasonable to ask them to break the law by misdeclaring the equipment they send to you. in many countries - trying to induce someone to commit a crime, is, in itself, potentially criminal. i for one am delighted to pay tax that i am legally obliged to pay. if i object to the tax regime then i will move to deal with my elected representatives. just my view but i'm sure i'm not alone and i really don't want a healthy comments thread being hijacked by people who are cheap, or think breaking the law is ok.
if you're having issues please use the link: https://portalwifi.backerkit.com/
i'm using the email link and it's getting rejected for security reasons. when i try to cut and paste the link that i get an offer to buy the portalwifi.com domain for $299.
@kim stanford - as the last update says...."if you need to review your information or pledge status, you can request your survey at www.portalwifi.backerkit.com."
i haven't received an email with the survey for my address. what should i do? :-/
@creator i've rarely seen the actual cost being mentioned on declaration papers and i receive about 30 packages per month.. for electronics the import fees and taxes can easily reach 33%(!!!) so it will be really appreciated if you can try keeping this as low as reasonable possible.. the eu and usa realised it's ridiculous that investors (which we are) of crowdsourced initiatives get punished for receiving early production builds of the products they supported, so these already have been scrapped and agreed upon in the upcoming ttip trade agreement between our continents! (i specifically asked their spokesperson about the kickstarter example 2 months ago and they answered me in great details.)
@creator - many thx for the explanation. it makes sense now. i ordered a second one via backerkit. success with the production.
hi martijn  - portals are shipped in single unit packages because they have to have their own individual protection (cushion, foam, etc..) and their own individual accessories (charger, ethernet cable).  we opted not to actually build any special multi-unit packages because it would have added significant cost (to everyone) and complexity (slows down production for everyone).  it also wouldn't have saved us much in shipping anyways because the shipping cost is based on weight and size, and difference in an actual twin pack versus two single packs wouldn't have saved much.  remember that we're shipping these to your door, so there is alot of transportation costs we have to account for.   thanks again for your support.  we're working hard to get your portals built and shipped to you as quickly as possible.
i am in the us early adopter group.  if i order an additional portal from backlit survey, will you ship both portals at the same time?
we have stated that portal will be shipped in an eu friendly manner. this means that it will be sent within the eu to avoid charges wherever possible.  however, your local tax laws are still applicable, and we are required to declare the correct value of the product.
hi, when do you expect the red units to be shipped? june - september > right now is just the middle of that period ;)
also i have a vat question. i have a vat number . if this is filled in on the shipping papers and invoice i dont have to pay for vat. how to supply you with it for the customs papers
i have seen the vat question asked many times in other projects. most (if not all) of the time the answer is that they cannot send it as a "gift".  i do believe ignition mentioned shipping would be eu friendly.  however i will let them answer the question as they are very active in the comment section.  good luck all!
you can't sue (if you do, it would quickly be thrown out of court, at least in any european court), but you can of course complain. as the recipient and/or importer, you have to prove either the price, or that it indeed is a gift. what ignition can do, however, is only declare the cost of the components, without profit, labour expenses etc. that amount would be the basis of vat, fees etc.
@palm bear & rune m. i have asked this question aswell earlier in the backing program. they said they will send it vat friendly. so i hope and think they will be sending it as a gift. all they have to do is not include the backing price and just state it as a gift. meaning customs cannot put vat and import taxes on it. if they do you can sue and complain. but i hope this wont happen guys
i think they said they would cover import tariffs but you would probably still have to pay vat.
@palm bear if you've ordered the eu-version, it'll ship from within the eu, and you don't have to pay vat or import fees (but you'll probably still have to pay your income taxes). and i'm sure the dutch authorities wouldn't believe the $10 value anyway, so you would have to prove that that was the actual price paid.
can you specify the value as a $10 electronics device on the packaging so i don't have to pay 32% vat and income taxes?
charles, send me a private message with your address, or you can try info@ignitiondl.com also.
rich, portal is manufactured in taiwan and in china.  they will be direct shipped to you from a regional distribution center in your country.  all portals will be sent with tracking information, and your specific location will determine which shipper gets used.
@creator  who is going to ship out portal for you and are they shipping from san jose, ca ?
when i emailed info@getportal.io i'm getting a bounce back undeliverable email message stating unknown user. i've also contacted backerkit support and they confirmed that they're having issues sending to hotmail.
charles, if you send me your email at info@getportal.io i'll send the link directly from my account.  otherwise you can setup a rule in hotmail to allow backerkit emails.
i'm having issues with the backerkit surveys. it seems like hotmail is blocking emails from backerkit. is there another way for me to get the link to the survey?
if your having issues with the add ons, please contact me at info@getportal.io and i'll be glad to help you on your orders. our shipping costs are on a per unit basis.
william ng, you can setup separate ssids for 2.4 and 5ghz if you wish to force devices to a specific band.  or you can use a common ssid and let portal dynamically assign the band based on the environment and application.
@creator i keep getting asked to fill out the survey, i have already done that. this second survey doesn't have the right pledge level. can someone message me so we can get this sorted out?
i have asiel before but received no answer. how do i know if i successfully ordered a second portal as add-on?
i may be wrong @martijn, but i think they said early on that add ons would be available but with the same shipping for each add on.
@creator, what do you think about this project?  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/792012773/influx-wifi-booster
@ creator - the issue that i have to pay an extra usd 15 shipping costs for an extra portal is still not resolved. as i wrote before, adding an extra portal to a shipment within europe can never be twice as expensive.
did anyone get a second backerkit survey to fill out?
i also had issues adding a additional portal on backerkit. but i resolved it by opening the survey on my pc and the options came up for color, count etc. i hope that helps all whom are having issues.
@creator i have a few devices that can only use 2.4ghz. will i need to set up separate ssid to accommodate or portal is smart enough to do with a single ssid? thanks
@creator – actually, it's not solved. i've just sent you a private message. thank you.
hi all, i believe that we have addressed the issue you may have encountered with the surveys.  if not please send me a message so that we can make any needed adjustments. thanks again.
same thing for me, i am supposed to have two red portals, we messaged a while back about this
@creator - please check your pm regarding my original pledge for the red twin-pack us units. in my backerkit, i only see an option for white or black, no red.  what happened?
@sorin – yes, apparently, the issue is impacting europe twin pack pledges.
i just received a pine64 and i am wondering if portal will deliver enough power for plugging my pine64 directly on one of portal usb ports. the pine64 requires 2a at 5v.
claudio, i'm in the same boat with you... impossible to add another router to my original twin pack eu pledge.
@creator – any news regarding why i can't add the 3rd unit via backerkit? that is preventing me of concluding the survey. thank you.
hi scott - the advertised data rate of a wifi router is called the "phy rate" which is the theoretical data rate over-the-air; your device can't actually use this data unless it's converted to an "ip data rate" (often called tcp/ip or udp), and this is usually about 60% to 50% of the phy rate.  the ip data rate is what actually goes across your ethernet cable.   so, using your numbers a router with advertised speed of 1.377gbps will actually only use about 800mbps of ethernet; and that's peak, the average will actually be alot lower. in short, the gigabit ethernet port on portal is more than enough to handle the peak throughput of 802.11ac wave 2 wifi.
@claudio - i got the us units. hope you problem is solved soon
@baivab. i think they decided they didn't need stretch goals as they had the hardware down and anything that's doable by firmware will be doable by firmware. i don't know.
1 thing i have .. usually in ks, we find projects offering a stretch goal also. which if met, usually the early adopters or backers are offered. i just realized for this project - there doesn't seem to be one. not cribbing but would have been nice....................
i know you pretty much answered this question on july 13th, but perhaps i'm just not understanding it correctly: for using portal in a mesh configuration (with two units) i understand that connecting the two with wifi will effectively half the bandwidth, and while in your response "the only way to eliminate this penalty..." you say use a cable. so am i understanding correctly if i use a gigabit ethernet connection between the two there will be no loss of bandwidth? i would have to assume that while the ac wave 2 capacity is 1.377gbps (ideal/max) there is at least the limit of the ethernet port? so perhaps more simply put, connecting the two with ethernet would keep the mesh at a max/ideal of 1gbps? still better than the half of 1.377 (in max ideal) - is that right? additionally thank you for all the updates, both in the comments and for the project, it really is very enjoyable to get so much background information on a product.
so sad.
so that means early adopters won't be delivered in september?
@jeffrey torres – hm, that's interesting... i've just re-checked and to me the only available add on is the tip jar. there's no way to add the 3rd unit. just by curiosity, you've pledged the us or the europe twin pack?
fyi - i was able to add an additional router to my twin-pack (for a total of 3 routers).  not sure if the problem is system wide or specific to particular accounts.
@creator - i agree with some other backers, why double the shipping costs when ordering an extra portal? as far as i can remember were the shipping costs for 2 portals in the original campaign the same as for one portal. adding an extra portal to a shipment within europe can never be twice as expensive.
@creator, i was wondering if portal has vpn capabilities. i was hoping to set something up like this article: http://www.howtogeek.com/221001/how-to-set-up-your-own-home-vpn-server/
why can't i get delivery on 2 different addresses?
@creator, i was able to add my two extra portals to my original single portal as add ons - which is great! however, i was asked to pay an extra $15 delivery for each of them. is that right? i had assumed the $15 for the first would cover the entire delivery.
hi! contrary to what i've been answered back in july 8 by creator (check my question in the comments feed back then) i cannot add a 3rd unit via backerkit to my original (europe) twin pack pledge. surprisingly, by now, the only add on option is the tip jar (another backer – sorin – is commenting bellow about the same). as previously pointed the desirable price would be $149+$15. please advise. thanks!
@creator thanks for your quick reply! i do have the option to ship to the us, just wanted to be sure (and maybe make it clear for others outside of the allowed shipping countries). i'm eager to try my oxblood red portal! :)
this is a truly awesome project that embodies everything that kickstarter is about. congratulations to making it this far and if you end up being a few weeks late, that doesn't detract at all from your inspiring success. it's great to be a very small part of portal's story!
hi ram - it all depends where you installed your google onhub.  i'm guessing that it's located near your broadband (dsl or cable) modem.   if this isn't the room that you spend most of your time in, then i would suggest leaving your onhub as is (use it as the router) and install portal in the room that you do spend most of your surfing, video watching, gaming, etc..  connect portal lan-to-lan with your onhub and use it in bridge mode.  now you'll have two networks; one that's sort of ok but not great (your onhub) and a really great one (your portal).  they will operate on independent channels, so there won't be any interference with portal...can't guarantee your onhub's performance cause it's still on the same crowded channel as everyone else. if the modem and your onhub is in the room that you use the most, you can still operate portal in the same room in bridge mode.  i wouldn't do this with two ordinary routers because they will interfere with one another, but not with portal cause it's operating on independent clean fastlanes channels.
paul - take a look at our progress update #1 from june 20.  you'll see a couple of black portals in the photos.  you can also see a couple of limited edition red, white and one limited edition rio blue (for our japan friends).  we'll post more recent close ups in another update shortly.
hi daniel, nearly all modern wifi clients such as your iphone, android phone, ipad/tablet, most pcs, xboxone, amazonecho, etc can all use the special fastlane frequencies.  if your device supports 5ghz and it was made in say the last 5 years, it already knows how to follow portal to these fast channels, out of the box. take a look at our demo video, you'll see that we use off-the-shelf macbook pro 13", ipad air 2, sony xperia android smartphones, xboxone, toshiba windows 10 pcs, etc...  we test with dozens of the off-the-shelf smartphones, tablets, pcs and gaming devices every day, we haven't yet found one that doesn't work better with portal.
is there a photo of the portal in black?
forgive me if this has already been asked- but while the router does indeed support a wider bandwidth of the 5 ghz band, are modern devices currently able to send and receive at this same frequency? if most tablets/smartphones/laptops and any other wifi device is filtered for these frequencies, how can it send and receive on them? this is a large assumption that manufacturers such as apple designed their devices with a variable filter that can be adjusted beyond the conventional wifi frequency range. do you have any data to show that these devices support these previously inaccessible frequencies? thanks.
miguel, backerkit does not have the ability to limit shipping to just the countries that we requested.  their workaround was too charge $200 for shipping to flag this as a problem. portal can only be shipped to countries that have granted approval, and even at $200 we will not ship it to places that it should not be used.  so these orders will be refunded.
sorry for the confusion on the limited edition oxblood red portal. if you pledged for the limited edition red, we are allowing you to change the color to black or white.  this is because black was not an option at that time, and we had a few backers that asked to change from red to black. however, red is only available to those that pledge for the limited edition red.
hi! how can i order additional unit via backerkit? as for now, the only add-on option is the tip jar...
did you guys pledge for the red portal? it was a limited edition. i had the option of all three colors but did pledge for the red one.
i, too, wanted at least one red portal - what happen?  i also did not want to buy for the additional unit until just before it was being delivered - is that possible?
hi, quick question! backerkit allows to set shipping to countries that were previously not available via the kickstarter options. i'd be great if the cost stays the same, which i doubt, i just wanted to check if this was an error on their part or if it will be possible to ship outside the us (in this case to mexico). thanks a lot!
hello, i just did my survey, i had been hoping to pick the red color, but wasn't an option, i thought i had read they were available, did i read that wrong??
i have google onhub router and i backed portal. should i  1. use portal by itself or use portal as a bridge?  2. will using portal as a bridge have the same effect as using it as a router? please let me know.
levy, the backerkit survey is scheduled to go out tomorrow. thanks again for all of your support.
i have not received my survey - should i be concerned?
i am in hopes the estimated delivery date is possible!  this can't come soon enough, with having 16+ others around me on at the same times, it's becoming impossible to use the internet.
thanks a bunch for clearing that up. i really appreciated the prompt response.
christopher, we will make sure that all of the backer's portals are delivered before any of the pre-order units.  there may be some confusion as pre-orders were shipment dates and not delivery dates.
christopher west - wouldn't worry, they'll just be ones for after all kickstarter ones are sent.
hamilton lee - no they haven't sent it yet, i expect they'll do that soon. they've said they'll update us this week
should we be worried if we haven't received any notifications from backerkit yet? i'm eager for the portal to arrive.
quick question. i ordered/pledged for the usa portal twin pack which is supposed to be delivered around oct-dec time frame. i just noticed pre-orders are now being accepted with an estimated delivery date of september. i realize the pre-orders are paying more, i was hoping the kickstarter backers would get theirs first. any chance you might be able to enlighten me on how the process will work.
@creator thanks for including us in these technical forays. i find them interesting and feel im learning alot about modems and wi-fi specifically.
steve, you asked "how do i know this will increase my speed ?" i responded to your personal message already, but as other might also find this an interesting topic: in addition to being the latest in 802.11ac wave 2 routers, with max performance at 1.377gbps, it is engineered to perform in crowded wifi environments. our rule of thumb is that if you can detect 8 or more wifi networks from your home, your likely in a crowded environment and will see a definite improvement in speed, consistency, and reliability. if you want a more quantitative answer, you can try a little experiment.  run a speed test like www.ookla.com with one of your wifi client devices that also has a wired ethernet port, and copy down the results for speed and latency.  then disable the device's wifi and connect it directly to the modem with a gigabit ethernet cable, and ruin the speed test again. by comparing the two results, you will get the delay due to the wifi network and congestion. testing around 8pm is typically the best time as this tends to be when most people are home and on wifi.
geran, with two portals, the second is configured as a bridge.  this gives higher performance and greater functionality than a simple repeater.
how do i know this will increase my speed ?
there isn't a ton of interference where i am. with connecting the second portal, would that act as a mesh/repeater or would it be a wireless bridge?
geran, it depends how much interference there is on 2.4ghz.  your best bet is to migrate your client devices to 5ghz where there is more spectrum available.  you might consider adding a portal on the 1st floor that connects wirelessly using 5ghz to the portal on the 2nd floor.  you would then connect the portal on the 1st floor to the consoles using gigabit ethernet cable.
@creator  really appreciate the forward looking business model and contingency plan of 3 years if bought, sold or unable to operate. great support ! @joel   thanks for the articles....as a nest thermostat and nest protect owner it is very potentially disconcerting to see other products not being supported so early in their product life cycle. alphabet (google, etc.) had better support devices under their umbrella.  i hate to see any government regulation for anything but a legal, time based requirement for companies using cloud services should be required to offer a fw patch for their devices to function without a cloud farm (keep device from becoming a shiny brick) or at least some form of support going forward years into the future. thanks portal for being so responsible to your customers well into the future !  @all   i read recently that apple is creating a new app called "home" which is supposed to become the gateway for iot devices in the home. not sure how this will work without additional hardware but i welcome the idea as my atv 4 is 1 nice streaming machine. looking forward to turbo-charging my internet with portal..........
sundar, we can only support extending the kickstarter rewards levels (pricing) using backerkit.
@geran have you considered extending the wired network using the power network? i've used those for years for my consoles which works great! it gives you up to 300 mbps and no wires, except from the power plugs to the receiver and the console (or network hub.)
i've got a 1400 square foot, two story house. wifi signal isn't traditionally an issue lower down in the house, so i as thinking of just getting one portal. my only issue with downstairs is my consoles don't all support 5ghz, so their download speed is limited to the 54 mb/s speeds. i was wondering if i would be better off having a second router (portal or using my "old" one) as just a wireless bridge to plug the consoles in over ethernet or setting up a mesh between two portals wirelessly. sadly running ethernet downstairs isn't an option. i've got 250/30 internet, so i'm trying to make sure i don't limit it too much.
see that my question is already answered in some of your previous posts that backerit survey is the only window to get pledge price
hi guys,  sent you a private message but didn't see a response yet.  can you please check your messages?  thank you!
you have mentioned in the past that when we get backerit survey, we will have options to order additional portals.my question is: if i get one portal now and in a  few months from now  realize that it does not cover my home fully and need to get another, would the pledge price still be valid or would that be the pre-order price then.
hi ming han - it depends on the layout of your home.   in an open field, portal can reach as far as 200 feet or more in all directions.  however, homes have walls, ceilings, floors and bends which attenuate (weaken radio signals) and reduce the effective range. if your home is one story and a straight-line layout, a single portal will give you good hd video speed (>10mbps) out to about 130 feet.  that's good enough to cover a 2500 sq-foot house if you your portal is in one corner of the house; you can cover slightly more if you can put portal closer to the middle of the house. if you have a bigger home, say more than 3000 sq-feet, and/or alot of walls between your portal and where you want to use your smart devices, then you may want to consider a second portal.  one portal can penetrate 2-3 wood-plaster walls fairly effectively.  if you have stone or concrete walls, you'll definitely want more than one portal.  if you simply have a big house and ordinary wood-plaster walls, you can use adaptive mesh mode.  but ideally, ethernet is always best especially if your walls are very thick or dense.   two portals should be able to cover a 5000 sq-foot house nicely. similarly, if you have multiple stories, you'll want a portal on each floor and ideally you'll want to connect them by ethernet.  that's because floors are typically alot thicker and denser than walls, so reduce range and coverage much more drastically than walls.
hi arjan - yes, two portals connected together (by either ethernet or wirelessly) will be configured by default to the same ssid so you can roam between them.  and yes, this applies between portals and between 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands.   so, yes you only have to pair your smart device to only one ssid to roam across your network from one portal to the other. if you don't want this (and some people don't), you have the option to split them up and run separate ssid if you are connecting them by ethernet.   in adaptive mesh mode (wireless) we have to keep them on the same ssid because the mesh protocol needs them on a common ssid.
at what distance does it make sense t to get a second portal?
hi. i have on ember question regarding a setup with 2 portals. will they create a roaming network? so both portals have the same ssid and the mobile devices connect to the moral with the strongest signal at that moment? and does this apply to both 2.5 and 5.0 ghz? the mobile devices only have to connect to 1 ssid ones and then can roam from one network to the other? regards, arjan
hi a.j.p. bonte - yes, you can connect two portals wirelessly using our adaptive mesh capability.  you are right, that any mesh or extender configuration is going to reduce speed by at least half. conventional ordinary mesh solutions like eero, luma and plume often lose much more than half the speed because congestion slows both links.  portal's fastlane (fast dfs channels) and smartlanes (active traffic avoidance and adaptive load balancing) minimizes the amount of "mesh loss" you have to suffer, so while we can't avoid the reduced speed entirely, it's going to be alot less noticeable than the other guy's mesh.
hi movie - at this point, it's looking pretty good for early adopter batch to ship before september.  if anything changes (keeping our fingers crossed), we'll keep you posted.   look for an update this week.
hi jason - if you're connecting directly to your modem, then you should connect the modem to the first portal's wan port.  the second portal will then be connected to the first portal lan to lan. the difference between the lan and wan ports is, the wan port has a dhcp server behind it which issues ip addresses.   so in this case, the first portal is actually the "router" and requests and issues ip addresses to the entire network, and the second portal is connected to the first in bridge mode or as you call it, passthrough.
hi adeel - you'll still have fastlanes (ie. the ability to use uncrowded fast new channels), which is still an amazing feature that will give you more speed and range, and lower lag than any other regular router.  smart lanes is the ability to dynamically change channels in response to traffic and interference, which does require the cloud.
correct me if i am wrong ,if cloud servers are not available we lose the ability to use smartlanes, and portal just becomes a regular router ?
@creator in your response to "the dude" you mentioned connecting the routers using the lan rather than wan.  what is the normal setup for joining two portals as the only routers with a modem used in bridgemode for passthrough only?
what are the chances of the early adopter batch to the us and canada being shipped before september?
hi, when can we expect that backerit survey to hit our inboxes?
wingnut, poe is definitely a consideration for our next product.
a.j.p, yes, you can connect portals together to increase your network's distance and improve coverage.  you can connect them with either gigabit ethernet cable, or wirelessly. you're correct that when you connect two wifi routers together you reduce the total bandwidth by 1/2.  this is just the physics, of needing to have the routers participate in / repeat every conversation. but with portal you get 3x the bandwidth of a normal router, so this helps out. portal also is intelligent about what conversations it needs to repeat to help further reduce the bandwidth penalty when using multiple routers. the only real way to completely eliminate this penalty is use cabling between the routers.
have you thought about offering a poe option in the future?
hi, on your campaign page you write: "a single portal can offer complete coverage for a home of approximately 2500 sq. ft.  and two portals can be daisy-chained together using our proprietary enterprise-grade mesh technology to extend your network range up to 200 ft or more; more than enough to cover large or multi-story homes up to 5000 sq.ft." does that mean you can connect the two portals wireless? i probably need a second portal but can not connect them together by lan. normally extending the wireless signal decides the speed in half. would that be the case when i connect the second portal witless to the first portal? thanks, arjan
hi joel - nice idea, but not even a liquid cooled gaming pc is going to have enough horsepower to do the sorts of sophisticated calculations that we need do for smartlanes.  we use some really massive amazon and google web servers to do what we do.
hi dude - you're going to need to keep the verizon gateway because it has the modem which brings the internet into your home, and if you're going to keep the modem, you may as well keep the wifi in it also; it's not a bad gateway and the wifi is relatively modern and fast.   i think your problem is the almond router which is only 2.4ghz and a pretty weak one at that (only 2-stream); it's a very easy to setup range extender, but having it in your network you'll typically suffer high lag and low speed. my suggestion (depending on the configuration of your house), you'll need two portals.  if you have the luxury of running an ethernet cable from your fios gateway, then try to place the first portal in a more central location on your upper floor) and simply connect portal to fios by lan port to lan port (don't use the wan port).  if not, just use the included ethernet cable and put it closer towards the center of your upper floor as possible.  place the second portal in the stairwell or as close to the stairwell as possible; the trick here is to try to put the second portal below the level of the upper floor (so the signals reach your lower floor) but in a place where it can still reach the first portal.  the two portals will form a mesh network, which is like a relay of signals from one portal to the other then to your smartphone, tablet, pc, etc... , so think line of sight between the two if possible. each portal is going to have alot more range than your fios and definitely way more than your almond, so you're going to get better coverage immediately.   placing the second portal in your stairway (if possible) is going to further improve the coverage.  and because you're now running 5ghz 802.11ac mimo goodness plus clear fast channels, you'll now get enough speed to do 4k like a boss. in short, no downside to a second portal except the cost, and the only thing you'll toss out is the almond.
hi,  i have a small 2 story house 1700sqf but the verizon router http://www.digitaltrends.com/home/verizon-fios-quantum-gateway-zwave-iot/ doesn't really cut it (front upper floor front) as no 5ghz band gets to the living room (lower floor back) and to ensure good 2.4ghz coverage i added an almond router i the upper floor rear (as an extender / creates 2nd network). now i think if i need a second router with your product? guess i have to order one just to be sure as i have buffering and the current speed works for netflicka hd but not 4k and it creates a bottleneck to stream itunes from the computer to the apple tv. any disadvantages (beside the $) going the 2nd router option (wireless connected)?
@creator, so without the cloud then components and processes that require lots of computations would stop working as i understand it? i'm just bouncing an idea in my head here. say portals cloud services do go offline for good, and the three years are up. would it be feesiable for owners to purchase a standalone cpu to hook up to the portal and allow computations to take place there (this is of course leaving out everything required to power the cpu but that might prove irrelevant)? moreover, if this is a feasible idea, what cpu would be your recommendation to power the portal without it's cloud services?
hi rich - in theory yes, mounting it on the ceiling is absolute best; that's why you see many offices and businesses mount their routers on the ceiling.  but in practice, who's going to do this at home.  aside from the fact that my wife, kids and even my dog would hate me if i did that in our house, there is the problem of the cable and power cord.   offices and businesses have suspended or false ceilings, so there are places to run the cables overhead; in most homes or apartments, you'd have nowhere to hide the power cord or ethernet cable. we took this into consideration when we designed portal.  we recognized that a router is now considered furniture and in some cases a decorative accessory so it has to be placed in an attractive (or at least discreet) location. often these locations aren't the best for coverage because walls or plants block antennas and signals.  so, we put alot of thought into the antenna design to make sure that even placed next to a wall or on a table or pointing in an odd direction, you still get great coverage. in our testing, there wasn't too much advantage between mounting portal on a ceiling and placing it high on a book shelf or mounting vertical to a wall.  in short, you don't have to risk the wrath of your spouse, partner, roommate, or pets to get great coverage with portal.
hi joel, you have a valid concern, and we've thought alot about it also.  that's why we designed portal with two basic principles:  (a) it should work as a great router with majority of it's cool new features functioning without dependence on any cloud-based-smarts; and (b) it should work even better with the cloud-based-smarts. btw:  i'm calling it cloud-based-smarts here because portal's functionalities aren't services which often implies fees. it's really more like cloud-based-learning, acceleration, coordination and communications... ie. smarts. to our backers, all of portals current and new smart features will always be free-of-charge. for example, your portal will always have the ability to use the faster less congested fastlanes (the radar-protected dfs bands) without any cloud connection.  in fact, we intentionally designed this feature to be fault tolerant to any loss of internet and cloud connections during your normal operations.  most of our other advanced features are designed the same way with this same philosophy, it should work without the cloud. having said that, certain features inherently require the cloud because either (a) it requires a massive amount of computations, more than the processing power inside portal itself (or any other router) could manage; and/or (b) requires remote coordination with your smartphone, your guest's smartphones, or with other portals.  for example, smartlanes (dynamic traffic avoidance) which works something like waze but for wifi traffic rather than real traffic, and rolling code guest networking, remote smartphone management, etc... these require to the cloud to communicate messages between many devices over long distances....think of these like any other iot device; they inherently need the internet to work and as you pointed out, vast majority of these rely on the vendor/maker maintaining a cloud service. of course, we don't intend to go out of business.  but any good business always has a contingency plan, and ours is a saas escrow where we set aside funds and a legal entity and minimum personnel to ensure that our cloud intelligence servers and the services needed to support portal users will survive for at least 3 years after (the unlikely) event of our company going belly up or being bought.  in short, we're making sure that we take care of all our portal customers.
thanks, rune m.   you are correct.  portal's logo is the right-way-round when it's horizontal and cables are in the back.   if you place it vertical with the cable-back downwards, the logo will be upside down.  no other way we could think to do it.  the very discrete led is always right-way-round as it's embedded in the "o".
@creator, i got these articles in my inbox today which discussed cloud based iot devices and how some of them can become bricked in the event that their cloud services (god forbid your local internet) go offline as the result of the company going belly up or being bought out. in the event that portals cloud based services no longer work, it sounds like we'll just be left with a router with powerful antennas, good looks, and ddwrt and no longer have the ability to use these faster, less congested traffic lanes that radar uses. can you confirm? also, in the event that you would need to upend your cloud based services, what would you do for all your customers? http://www.zdnet.com/article/all-your-iot-devices-are-doomed http://www.zdnet.com/article/nest-killed-its-smart-home-hub-what-do-they-owe-customers/
it's probably because it's designed to be placed on a desk, with the cables in the back. if you mount it on the wall, you'll most likely have the cables at the buttom - therefore the logo will be upside down. i don't know how it could be any different, and it's definetely not a mistake.
thanks for soothing my mind by telling me my planned setup would work correctly. concerning the last bit of your answer, why is the logo upside down if you mount it on the wall? is that a flaw in the design of the case/mounting holes? seems a rather silly mistake for people who have done everything else so well :)
@creator was reading thru your faq to patrick. was wondering if mounting portal upside down on the ceiling would be 'best case" for mounting. i have seen many wi-fi units at work and many other commercial business mounted this way. your thoughts ?
will i be able to link this to a mobile hotspot? specifically the zte falcon z917 blu.
mathieu, in about a week you will receive a survey from backerkit that will let you modify your order.  we will honor all prices / rewards levels that you received during the kickstarter campaign.
hi patrick - the faq provides the "technical correct" answer.   the reality is that most of us are going to place our portal near the point where your broadband internet comes into the house; ie. where your service provider's modem or gateway is located today.  and as long as you install it at least waist-height, you should have no problem with radio propagation.  the unique antenna design allows us to get great coverage no matter the height or orientation; but of course higher is always better.   wherever you place portal, you can image the coverage as a dome or umbrella of wifi coverage that projects about 130 feet in all directions centered on your portal.  of course, walls and floors will attenuate some of that, and in some cases block; so you may get some dead spots.  portal minimizes dead spots, but a single portal may not eliminate all dead zones (if say you have brick interior walls or concrete floors... it's simply the laws of physics).  in this case, you may want to consider another portal.  this second portal can be placed anywhere and like the first portal, it will project an umbrella of wifi goodness another 130 feet in all directions centered around itself.   if you're lucky enough (or make the effort) to install ethernet cable, then you're all set.   if you don't have ethernet, no worries you can still connect the two portals using advanced adaptive mesh (just like eero, luma, plume and a few other guys do... except ours is better).  in this case, you'll want the second portals to be relatively close to the first one, say about 60 feet apart, and ideally within line of sight of each other for best performance. and yes, you can mount portal vertically high up on a wall.   it does have two mounting holes in the back, similar to many other routers you may already be familiar with.   although portal was designed to sit horizontally on a shelf or desk, it works perfectly fine mounted vertically; the antennas are oriented to radiate just as well in the vertical as the horizontal.   the only annoyance, will be that the portal logo may be upside down.... but i'm sure you'll get over that once you experience the better speed, range and reliability of your new portal.
hi mathieu -  you'll be getting an email from backerkit in a few days, they will be asking your shipping address, etc....  in the backerkit survey you can order additional portals at the same price as the pledge level you chose earlier, and you can change colors between white and black. if you decide you want another portal after backerkit, portal will still be available on on amazon; we're going to go live shortly.   unfortunately, we won't be able to offer the same amazing price as kickstarter because that's our social contract to our backers; that you will get a significant discount from the retail price.  and the amazon delivery will be after we fulfill all the kickstarter orders first.   so if you want the same price and same delivery priority, you will want to increase your order when you get the backerkit survey.
hi where i add more portal? cause now i dont know how to have more portal with the same price i pay before  thx.
just another question for verification, in the faq there are some inconsistent (to me) answers: "where should i place my portal? for best results, portal should be placed horizontally as close to the center of your home and as high as possible. this helps the 9 internal antennas avoid furniture that can reduce the propagation of the radio waves." and "does portal have a wall mount/holes for wall mounting? portal contains two brackets on the bottom for easy wall mounting. the internal antenna arrays are engineered to work with either a horizontal or vertical alignment." so.. horizontal and vertical will work, but horizontal will have the best results? that's how i interpret those 2 answers together. am i right? i'd want to mount it vertically high up on the wall.
thanks ignition labs! the people weren't lying. excellent responses, thank! :)
woo hoo! praying for god's wisdom, discernment, and timing for the rest of the process. congratulations on thus far! looking forward to trying out my very own!
..have no doubt you will succeed the next parts, production and delivery. thanks you.
congrats to you, ignition design labs team, funding part is a great success! the quality of your answers is amazing: strong technical details delivered with patience and teaching skills, kudos to you. i already know a bunch but learn even more reading your comments!  it reinforce my confidence in your project and ha
i can't wait until portal 2.0 becomes a reality�
the best campaign  from a creator period on kickstarter !! superb interaction between the backers and creator !! two thumbs up  !!
thanks everyone for all your comments, questions, encouragement and support.  kickstarter has been a great experience for us as well.  we're working nights and weekends now to ramp portal production and get it ready to ship to you.   look for another progress update next week.  as we committed at the beginning of this campaign, we continually strive to be transparent, to keep you informed in a timely manner, and do everything we can to deliver portal to you as promised.  thanks for backing us.
hi patrick - thanks for backing us.  it's a good suggestion, but you still need a way to communicate the password to your guest.  without an app, the old school way would be to just tell him/her or write it on a piece of paper, then they have to type it in.  i have a friend (no names) who thinks that a 16 character totally cryptic random password is more secure, and he likes to keep changing it to keep us all on our toes; you can image what a pain it is to have to keep typing that. the main purpose of having an app on your friend's phone is they don't have to type a thing; our app coordinates with portal and securely passes the password, plus it inputs it for them.  so now we can use a cryptic long random password, and it doesn't matter cause to your friend it's just a single button press.  the app also allows portal now to generate temporary long random passwords that expire at the end of every session, and when your guest comes back for another session portal gives them a fresh totally new password that, again they don't have to type.  this is what we call "rolling code" guest network, and we think it's pretty slick. the other nice thing is, you only need to download the app once and it's the same one that you use as a portal owner.  what this means is that you can easily request "rolling code" guest access on any other portal, so if your friends also have a portal you and they can request guest access with each other as simple as one press.   you can give your friend access for a day, a week, a month and your really good friends access for say a year or longer; and of course you can revoke guest access as easily as you grant guest access. keep sending us other ideas.  and yes, we are going to be adding new features as software updates to keep increasing usr/guest friendliness.  thank you.
i'm a day trader in the stock market, and fast internet is crucial! super excited to get mine!
i'm a happy backer and expect much of this great portal, but there's 1 thing i'd like to suggest.. you mention sharing internet through the portal app, which guests will have to download too. that can be annoying for guests. i don't know if it's possible, but maybe you can look into a feature (update after release) that the portal owner can view wifi devices in the proximity of the portal and allow connection through his app, without the guest having to download an app for access. again, not sure if it's technically possible, but i think a big increase in user/guest friendliness :)
i just wanted to say thank you so much for all the quick response to our questions throughout this project.  by far this is the most connected and in-touch i have felt as a backer on kickstarter.
first of all, great communication. and i really hope portal will no glitches. please take your time to get the firmware right. i had an asus router with buggy firmware for the past year. it also was a brand new device back then and in the meantime they released approximately 10-15 firmwares and the device still has bugs (qos for example is currently broken). i don't want the same experience with portal. don't let the people rush you in case firmware is not at a mature level yet.
i'd like to 2nd what @jack and @robert driskill both said.  best communication of any project i've backed :)
i'm super excited for the arrival of my portal! i'm excited for the increase in speed, added security and reliance on the unique abilities that only portal can provide!! woot! woot!! �
even though i hardly commented here. i have personally messaged you guys a few times...but i have to say the communication with you guys is excellent and very detailed highly professional responses. it really feels like you guys know what you are doing. excellent work. can't wait to get this router. i'll consider backing your projects (if they are something i'm into). keep it going!
i would also like to thank you for a very professionally run campaign.  i have backed about 10 campaigns so far.  this has been the best experience of all of them.  i hope i am as impressed with the portal as i have been with the portal team.
i am excited about this technology and a little nervous like everyone usually is with something new. i hope there is no hitches in production that will cause delays.
well done.  your campaign was run with great professionalism.  your communication with backers was incredible.  i look forward to the portal, and thank you guys for a positive kickstarter experience.
nick, yes you can by connecting portal to the ethernet port.
congrats guys, well done!
via cable.... just saying but most likely over wifi too.
yes it will you have just 1 min to go just get it lol
ok, maybe a dumb question five minutes before the end of the campaign, but: i am truly enjoying my current setup with an asus router, but would love the features of the portal. can i just hook up the portal to my asus router and continue use an interface i have grown accustomed to over the years, but enjoy the benefits of the portal? cheers
robert, we have been working with one of the tier 1 odm's in taiwan for wifi routers for sometime and have the capacity already in place.
john, thanks for the great questions.
it appears that the campaign is going to be a major success.  how does all the additional units needed impact your ability to produce, package and ship the portal?
annie, yes, you can change red for black or white.
thank you portal and thank you for your answer. a lot of you what you said makes sense. as a hobby i design speakers and large pa systems and everything you said go's with all the laws of physics i know. just like line array drivers on the speaker as thay work in harmony so i guess that's like your antennas working together doubling antennas double the power or adding 3bd to the signal. thank you.
is it possible for the people who have red pledges to request a black or white instead? thanks.
marc, on the backerkit survey you'll be able to select white or black color.
hi, in the pre-production photo you shared there's white, black and red devices. i know the red ones are a special pledge. but what about the black ones. can we choose to get a black case instead of a white one. if so that would be great. cause the white will look like awkward at the place where i want to put it where everything else is mostly black and also i don't like the white case from optical perspective. plus i've had too many devices that got a yellow/grayish color distortion because of light and/or operating temperature after some time. so for me, the black one would be much preferable
cool, thanks!
keith, portal detects radar from things like weather radar and navigational radar systems.  so its a receiver and never actually transmits radar pulses.
does portal use any safety precautions to prevent continuous radar radiation?  normally a short radar burst is no big deal but a device continuously using radar over weeks, months, & years could be an issue depending on the power level and exposure.
claudio, you can add the 3rd unit via backerkit at the $149+$15 price.
hi! i've just pledged a (europe) twin pack but i need a 3rd unit. should i pledge the 3rd unit separately on top of the twin pack pledge – costing $159 – or will i be able to add the 3rd unit later via backerkit? if so, how much will it cost me the 3rd unit? $298/2=$149 + $15 shipment? i'll be waiting for your instructions. thank you!
hi carsten - super funny.  thanks for the smile.
john - always happy to answer questions, especially technical ones.  just be careful, you know what they say about arguing with engineers and mud wrestling pigs... after a few hours, you realize we actually enjoy it :-) you've actually got the concept of dbi, dbm and eirp fairly spot on... impressive, cause these are not easy concepts even for many engineers. the only correction is the myth that internal antennas have low gain (ie. low dbi).  the antennas in your portal are custom-designed and have quite high gain.  in the course of designing portal, we built and tested 5 different antenna types before settling on the best one; folded metal-dipole, laser-defined structured, polymer resonant, planar inverted-f, .... you get the picture.  take a look at the photo in our update #6, the big white room is the antenna range that we use to measure eirp.  we did this for all 5 antenna types, so we're confident that we chose the best one. here's a quick primer into how antennas are designed.  think of dbm (power amplifier output power) and dbi (antenna gain) as "design knobs" that we tweak during the design.  if you dial up too much dbi, you actually have to dial down output power dbm to avoid exceeding the regulatory limit.  the important parameter is really eirp, which also happens to be measured in dbm.  in a nutshell, we designed the radio and antenna system of portal so that the eirp (the radiated power over the air) to be at the maximum allowable by the regulators so that you get maximum range and coverage... equivalent to the most powerful of the commercial routers even with ugly external "bug leg" antennas.  that's because **everyone** has to comply with the exact same eirp limit as we do.  it's the law, and you can't violate it no matter what kind of marketing fluff you put on the box, or whatever ugly antennas you slap on it.  btw:  if you have an old router with one of those "bug leg" aerials, take an exacto knife and open it up... you'll see that most of that long aerial is actually empty plastic.  the working parts of the antenna are usually quite small...smaller than the antennas we use inside portal.   that's marketing-fluff and intended to make you think that you have a powerful antenna. there is one more very important factor that few if any of the traditional router makers take into account.  and that is mimo gain.  recall that portal uses 4-streams (ie. 4 antennas) to transmit the signal, this is called mimo and it's a combination of multiple radio and antenna and digital signal processing magic that increases both speed and range.  put simply, the more streams you have plus the further you separate those streams (ie we use very clever placement of those antennas), the more mimo gain you have, and thus greater speed at range.  this is one of the secret sauces that we employ.  ever wonder why we chose a squarish, sort of airplane wing like design for the case?  take a look at some of the more conventional routers in stores today; the ones with all the antennas jammed onto the back, they have it wrong.  and the ones that look like hockey pucks or flower pots, they have it wrong too.  the really ugly ones where they put the antennas all around the perimeter, they have it alot closer to the ideal and better performance...but i think they're too ugly to put in my house. in short, we took alot of time thinking about these things. and we spent alot more time testing, tuning and tweaking to get the design right, so you can be confident that you're getting a router with superior range and coverage... and much nicer to look at than anything else available today. and of course, the true magic.  uncrowded fast channels.
@creator,  thanks for all the prompt replies here and i hope it continues through delivery ...outstanding!    you have done us all a great service and are eliminating backer concerns by offering a 1 year return policy...way to go guys!  if doubting backers pick up on this, then there's no reason not to give this a chance. "...james resner on june 21 what is the return/refund policy on this product? ..." "...creator ignition design labs on june 22 james, we want you to love your portal , but if for any reason you don't you have a 1yr to return it for a refund..." very differentiating
thanks, rich.
@travis - click 'manage your pledge' and change payment details, if not then kickstarter will fail to take money and you have about 7 days to correct payment issue
travis - no worries.  backerkit should take care of you.  if you have any issues, just post us a message on this site or at www.getportal.io
hi akash - yes, you will have a few more days after the campaign ends today to increase your order.  you will be receiving shortly an email from backerkit to get your shipping address and confirm your payment method.  at that time, you can order additional portal units at the pledge level you chose earlier. after that, you can find us on amazon but, of course the price will be higher.  if you want another portal at the $149 pledge level, your best option will be to do it when you respond to the backerkit survey.
thank you! will their be a time limit as to when we need to update all this info? i'll probably just need a week to fix everything.
hi travis - yes, you can change your payment info later.  a few days after the campaign closes today, you will get an email from backerkit to get your shipping address.  at that time, you can change payment info, choice of color, and increase your order size if you'd like.  of course, your change options must be within the pledge level that you chose earlier.  thank you again for your support.
hi emery -  yes, for now the japan approved model is only available from greenfunding.jp, which is a local crowdfunding site owned by tsutaya, the big bookstore and lifestyle electronics store in japan; they are not associated with kickstarter, which doesn't yet reach japan. it is the exact same design, but it's specifically certified by the japan regulatory agency for use in japan only. we are working on a "world mode" as a potential software upgrade for all portals.  this would enable us/canada and eu models (ie. the kickstarter and amazon models) to legally operate in each other's regions and in japan, and vice versa.   we have to get regulatory approval from fcc, etsi and mic first to allow this, so it will take some time.   when it's approved, we will make this available to our wonderful kickstarter and greenfunding.jp backers as a firmware upgrade free-of-charge.
will we be able to change our payment info later? it is under a old card, and i'm still waiting for the new one to show up.
can get this as a build in? ;-)  https://youtu.be/fg1aqcggsec
@emery i think there is a specific model for japan that is linked by the creator.  goes to an external crowd funding site that isn't kickstarter.
i saw the update that the portal was approved for use in japan, do i need a special model for use in japan, or are they all the same?
hi! so if i'm not happy with portal or it doesn't give noticeable improvements, can i return it for a refund?
@ creator thank you for your response. i do appreciate this, as by answering my question you show people that i was allowed to ask such a question. i may sound like i don't know much but i am unfortunately been misguided by people, and because you are the designers of this product you could explain things clearly in a way i could trust. as for your answer may i clarify but apologies if this is asking for something too complicated in a simple way. as far as i know aerials have gain measured in dbi the power output of the amplifier going to the aerial is measured in dbm. eirp is the combined power of the amplifier focused in the direction of the aerial. i am guessing your aerials are low dbi because thay fit inside your box. may be dbm of 3 - 6 max so the eirp of 27 the power of the dbm of around 250mw to 500mw? and anybody else who may be upset by me asking these questions please keep your opinions to yourself i'm not being rude i just don't have a lot of money and i have to put a lot of trust and faith in people i do not know.  asking questions is how you find out. i thank you for all the answers in advance. john bullen
i know the question has been asked before, but there are so many questions now i cannot find it. if i backed at the $149 level will i be able to order more after the campaign ends?
i have a c1000a router that is 802.11n, will this bad mamma-jamma work with my modem/router?  if we're in the trust tree, in the nest,  i should admit i was so excited that i already ordered the portal...are we in the trust tree?
@creator thanks for confirming - you can put me down for two then (i.e. pledge has been upgraded accordingly) - good luck in the final race to the finish line
hi nick - thru your 24-port switch is fine.  we do that ourselves in our lab test network, it works fine.
@creator hi, i'd like to know please - if i have 2 devices and i want to use a wired connection to join them up, do they have to be direct only or would it work to have them going via packet switching connection?  e.g. the house is wired for ethernet but they all terminate in a single closet which has a 24 port switch, can i just plug them into 2 ports of that, or do i need to couple them together directly, and then use another ethernet run/pull from at least one of them to come back down into the switch too?  i wasn't quite sure on that.  thanks.
hi anthony - that's our goal.  we're working hard towards that, and currently we're on track to fulfill early adopters before september.   we'll keep you posted, and if anything changes we will definitely let you know quickly.   look for a progress update next week.
joel, for clarity, 1.733 gbps is the maximum phy rate (which is sort of an engineering number... and not what you will actually experience).  the actual usable data rate is called tcp/ip or internet-data rate, and that's typically about 50%-60% of the that.  so the maximum "useable" data rate that you can expect is more like 1 gbps.   but, couple caveats about this number. the first caveat is it depends what client device you are using.   portal is a 4x4 (4-stream) mu-mimo wifi, meaning that it's designed to achieve the maximum data rate when you also have a 4-stream receiver as a client device.  however, most of us typically have only a 2-stream device (such as an ipad air 2) or more often a 1-stream device (such as an iphone 6 or android smartphone), so you're really only going see more like 1/2 or 1/4 of that big number.  if you're lucky and you have an macbook pro which is a 3-stream device, then you'll get 3/4.   so, macbook pro the max data rate will be about 750 mbps, ipad air2 about 500 mbps and iphone about 250 mbps. the second caveat is that this maximum data rate is achieved if you're standing right next to portal.  as you get further away from portal, the throughput steadily drops as the signal gets weaker over distance.  this is the behavior of all radio devices.  it's called rate versus range and some of engineers often call it a "waterfall curve" because it actually looks like a waterfall... less flow as you go further away.   this means that if you're standing about 30 feet away from portal, the data rate you get there will be about 2/3 of the previous number, and if you're about 120 feet away it's about 1/4.  so macbook pro at 130 feet away, will probably about 200 mbps, and ipad air2 about 120 mbps and iphone about 50 mbps.   of course, your actual experience will vary especially if you have walls in between. and of course, if you're not using portal, then congestion and traffic will cut that number down even further, typically between 1/3 to 1/8 of that depending on how many neighbors you have and whether any of them doing bit torrent over wifi.  so at 8pm without portal, you can expect an ipad air2 will get low 20 mbps or even less than 10mbps at 120 feet.   congestion (ie. alot of neighbors) is the biggest damper of wifi speed. as you can see, the big number that you often seen on the box of traditional wifi router is not a realistic measure of the true performance you're going to get when you unbox it.   we built portal to much better than that, and the numbers prove it.  but we also wanted to be honest and relevant in how we present our numbers.  in short, beware of misleading numbers.   we're going to be posting some nice videos and charts in the next few days of head-to-head performance tests against the best routers available today, so you'll be able to see exactly what sort of performance you can really expect... and you'll be able to see that we can beat the best of all of them :-)
just wondering if early adopters will get portals sooner than the estimated september date, or is that just a "worse case" scenario? thanks!
scooby, portal has exceptionally good range and coverage because of its large antenna arrays and separate discrete power amplifiers.  a single portal should be able to cover a 2,500 sq ft home.  for longer range, or homes constructed with more rf resistant materials, portals can be added to increase range and coverage. multiple portals will automatically configure into a mesh topology. our mesh will include ethernet back haul, if you can run the cables (the best approach). but most people want a complete wireless solution. we use a layer 2 approach that helps minimize over the air communications. for your 2 portal configuration, one portal will automatically configure itself as a bridge/repeater.  if the portals are wirelessly connected, they will be linked over the 5ghz 80mhz channel that has the lowest amount of detected traffic.  but this reduces the total number of wireless channels that can be used with clients.  also, since both portals need to communicate, the latency of each packet will double. portal has 3x more wireless channels than other routers and extremely low latency.  so it works better in situations that need improved coverage than any other solution.
read the faq.  can you provide a link or more details on using 2 portals to cover a very large area.  there may or may not be cat6 at the second location but there will be power.  how would this work and would the 2nd unit function as a repeater which is known to have performance degradation due to the hops.  thanks!
madhu and john, portal can work with the apple time machine. the airport configuration utility provides an option on the network tab, at the top, labeled "router mode:". you can select "off (bridge mode)" to turn of the dhcp and nat services. then, you just need to cable the time capsule to a lan port on portal.
joel, portal is an 802.11ac wave 2 router.  the theoretical maximum phy rate for 5ghz is 1.733gbps or 1,733mbps.  this is the number that routers commonly advertise on their boxes.
i'm in an apartment building and regularly see 10+ routers in my vicinity. some of the router names are epic. i'd rather have an epically smooth internet speed and a kickass name for my portals though. so excited to be a part of this project!
i was just going through the hassle of rebooting the routers and wondering why my wifi was "jittery". it took quite a while to do all that... then i stumbled upon this page and just had to pull the trigger on portal and cancel nura as i already have decent earphones! can't wait! do you have any more detailed estimates on europe shipping for the main production run ($159)? thanks in advance! and to confirm: 1 year warranty and return?! wow :d
i have a similar question as john below. does portal support apple time machine backups?
the speed would be determined by the speed your isp provided. so if you have a 50 meg dl then you "should" get around that in speed. portal is an 802.11ac capable router so it should be able to do excess of 1000meg, once again if your isp is providing you that speed. it will help with congestion and help you get the max speeds, but it doesn't dictate the actual speed.
i just joined the ks, and am curious what the anticipated max speeds are? the only reference i could find was in the video with a 46 mbit/s rate, but nothing else in the faq or the campaign. did i just miss it somewhere?
hi john - i'm sincerely sorry that we missed your earlier comments.  we honestly just missed it, wasn't our intention to ignore your question.  let me address it now. portal's rf specs are at the maximum allowable by the regulatory authorities for each region; we intentionally designed it this way because we want to provide the maximum range and coverage possible where you live.   and so because the same portal design supports multiple regions (us, canada, eu, and japan) we don't publish the spec on the box because it's auto-configured.  btw: i'm not aware of any other consumer manufacturer who does publish their radio-frequency (rf) specs on their router either.  i could be wrong, if you have an example let me know.  thanks. i will answer your question directly though... with the caveat that regulatory authorities may ask us to adjust the final specs before we ship.  this is very normal.   for operation in the eu (the uk included), the rf output power of portal is governed by etsi en 301 893, v1.7.1 (2012-06) section 4.4.2.1.   the max eirp is +23dbm in the lower 5ghz (u-nii-1 and u-nii-2a bands) and +27dbm in the upper 5ghz band (u-nii-2c); we are operating without tpc.  you'll notice that you get higher output power and thus longer range when operating in the dfs band (ie. fastlanes).  dbi is a measure of the antenna gain, and is a much more complicated answer because (a) we have 10 antennas and each are different; (b) the antennas are not isotropic, meaning the dbi isn't uniform, it's a function of the spherical pointing angle; you would need to see the antenna pattern report to understand what i mean (a 50 page report, and of course proprietary) , and (c) for every additional dbi you have to de-rate the eirp dbm... meaning that it's a multi-variable answer.   one other note, simple dbm and dbi never tell the full story.  the propagation pattern, orientation, placement of the antennas and whether they are highly resonant, broadband or narrowband are all factors in how well a design performs.  we've taken special care to also take these other important factors into consideration, meaning that the other reason we don't publish dbm and dbi data is that it can be misleading. in short, i'm sure portal will do everything that you reasonably expect because we've designed it to give better range and coverage than almost anything you can buy today, and our performance data and demos all prove this out.  but of course the only real proof will be to order one and put it through it's paces yourself.  which i sincerely hope you will do.
@portal team - just a suggestion for your next update.  please make sure to directly address the question on delivery in july. i believe some people may have misinterpreted the early batch for july in the timeline.  management of people's expectations is crucial. i'm looking forward to your updates and comments.  good luck.
+1 to roger's comment
hi roger - thank you for your great support.  it is the enthusiasm and encouragement of backers like you that energize start-ups like us.  i think that i can speak for all the other kickstarter "creators" that it takes a good measure of courage and an incredible amount of hard work by alot of amazingly talented people to bring innovations like portal to the community; innovations that quite frankly may never have seen the light of day if simply left up to the whims of the big brands.  it makes it all worthwhile in the end when we see the delight in our backers and customers when they unbox our product; and i know that you'll be delighted when you receive your portal.  we are continuing to work very hard and making good progress towards that goal.  look for another progress update next week.  thanks again.  yours sincerely, terry n.
hi john - portal supports both 5ghz and 2.4ghz.  in the 5ghz band, we have the ability to access alot more channels in the new dfs band (this feature is called fastlanes) plus we can dynamically select the fastest least congested channels based on real-time traffic monitoring (this feature is called smartlanes).  in 2.4ghz, unfortunately there are no additional channels so we can only use the usual channels (ie. 1, 6, 11).  however, we do have the ability to do smartlanes so we can still dynamically choose the best channel; but with the constraint that we're steering over only three very skinny (20mhz wide) channels that may likely be overcrowded already. in short, you get fastlanes+smartlanes in 5ghz and just smartlanes in 2.4ghz.
portal claims it can access the unused 5ghz frequencies but what about the 2.4ghz frequencies? are they still using the usual channels? or do they have access to "fast lane" channels too? apologies if this has been asked already.
it looks wifi connection problem is big, this project try to improve speed, wireboot (my project) make sure it works all the time: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/786298545/wireboot-keep-your-wifi-on-24-7-automatically-rebo
i just want to thank creater for all the responses and information you've shared with the backers.  you respond almost everyday to the comments.  almost 600 comments is a testament to the interest and responsiveness you've brought to ks. it's unfortunate that some backers feel entitled to have all nuances of their questions answered including potentially proprietary information.  i recognize that backers are not entitled to know about all tecnhical aspects of your router.  someone could simply ask if a certified portal will meets the requirements to operate in that country.  backers, and consumers in general, are not expected to police every piece of consumer electronics they buy for compliance with all applicable laws, especially if it's been certified to operate in that country. and, it's unfortunate if someone's feelings get hurt if their answers are not address in a satisfactory manner.  there's no need to get on a public pedestal and proclaim the grave injustice.  if they don't like your customer service and responsiveness you're providing then they should cancel their pledge.  no harm, no foul. disclaimer:  i am not associated with ignition design labs in any way other than as a campaign backer.  i have backed about a dozen ks campaigns and am thus far impressed with this campaign. p.s. addressing someone "creator" is a bit creepy (albeit, this is a ks label).  it makes me feel like i'm in one of the original star trek episodes.
i am thinking of pulling out because i do not think this unit will do what i want. the creator has not answered the questions regarding the range and transmission power. i want everybody to know that these people do not answer my questions. i really hope that they are just forgetting, rather than just not answering my question. for the last time..... what are the spec on portal what are the dbm  dbi  eirp
i would like to replace my current generation apple extreme wireless router with a portal. my question is regarding the shared hard drive feature and its compatibility with apple's time machine backup solution... does portal support apple time machine backups?
chris, the parental controls allow you to group your kids devices by child. you can schedule by device or by the child.  the smartphone app makes this easy and convenient to adjust. filtering is basic, with url keywords, whitelists, black lists, and safe search.
tony, portal is tracking to our committed shipment schedules.
stephen, multiple portals can be connected over gigabit ethernet cable, or wirelessly, or in combination of both to form a mesh network.  the mesh network can be configured to have a single ssid.
can you describe or provide more information on the parental controls and filtering?  we would really like to have a per device time blocking sort of control.
@creator are you on schedule with your timeline? will the first production batch be in july?
can two portals be connected by ethernet and seamlessly form a single network? i am not an expert network engineer, but i have had no success getting two routers to form a single network (single ssid, devices switch between them based on signal strength) other ethernet. if portal can solve that problem then shut up and take my money!! :-)
hi ldo - we just responded to your message.
*message
could you please look at my massage?
matt, we are working to certify portal for operation in more countries.  we hope to have a retail version of portal available for aus/nz in the future.
georg, yes, you can review the radar detection history.
@creator giving us the option to remotely reboot via the phone would cover anything a power reset would do.  that actually should be a standard option anyways, not sure if i understand the need for a power reset device anyways
@creator i think you should put the comment to mentioned to me in the faq it would help out a lot of other users
are there plans to introduce to aus/nz further down the track? cheers
thanks for the response.  i would also be interested in knowing if there is a way to review the status/result of the continuous radar scanning, as georg asked.  you now have me curious about "local" radars.
@creator: in one of your last comments you do say " if there isn't any radar nearby (which your portal will quickly discover), then you'll have the entire spectrum available to you". can i review via app or via weblogin the status/result of the continuous radar scanning?
@creator thanks for the quick response. their device wont work with portal anyway. only runs 5-12v dc.
rich, portal ships with a universal power adapter that works from 100v-240v and 50-60hz.  we have not has the opportunity to evaluate any of the power reboot devices that are on the market. but we don't think that portal would benefit from them.  some routers only look at channel usage during reset as this allows them to look at channels without dropping packets.  portal has dedicated hardware that is always looking at channel usage and can this continually, not just at reset.
@creator thank you for the answer.  will keep my red portal and make a division when the time comes.
@creator  what voltage does portal run at ? i couldnt find the info on your page here. i am considering this ks project to go with portal. please comment on: are any of the projects "add-ons" useful in your opinion ? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/786298545/wireboot-keep-your-wifi-on-24-7-automatically-rebo… seems too cheap to not add to portal. this would be a good "add-on" to portal at the component level.
hi robert - actually there are often more radar in rural areas than in cities.  for example, one of the more important radar types in the us are the ones monitoring "wind shear", "microburst" or tornado weather conditions and these are usually found in rural places especially the midwest, central and southwest us.  in the summer time you'll see alot of these radars active.  out here in california, we have alot of radar pointing out over the pacific looking for oceanic weather systems; and they're all located in rural areas far from airports.  in short, it's hard to generalize whether or not there is radar just based on where you live.  that's why the regulations say that you have to do continuous radar scanning regardless of whether or not you believe there is radar nearby.  funny enough, traffic radar doesn't operate in this band, so no worries you aren't upsetting your local highway patrol. to answer your question, if there isn't any radar nearby (which your portal will quickly discover), then you'll have the entire spectrum available to you, so yes your 802.11ac devices should stay on the 5ghz dfs bands pretty much all of the time.  note that your portal also has 2.4ghz, so in some case such as when you're far from your portal, your 802.11ac devices may switch back to 2.4ghz for the longer range; no worries as this is automatic and all 802.11ac devices have 2.4ghz also for legacy operation.
hi remiam7, hi christopher - the short answer is maybe and we're trying.  let me explain. the operation of wireless products, especially wifi routers like portal, is closely regulated by respective government authorities; in the case of the us that's the fcc and in the case of europe that's etsi.  this is done for safety reasons because there are different kinds of radios and radar operating in different regions, and the regulators need to insure that devices operating in their country don't cause interference.  conventional routers are actually kinda dumb about this, and have traditionally been unable to detect these regional differences autonomously.  so instead, it's up to the router makers to manually"hard code" the region code into their routers at the factory.  you'll notice that almost all the routers sold today and especially the ones that you get from your carrier/service provider have stickers on them certifying operation in europe only or us/canada only, but rarely/never both.  now you know why. portal of course is smarter than this, and we've given portal the smarts to self-determine their users' region of operation, so technically your portal could automatically configure itself to us or europe operation and thus automatically be compliant with both regions.  in other words, one portal that works and is fully compliant in eu and us/canada... pretty cool, eh? the problem of being first with a great idea is often the regulations are a little behind.  one of those "a little behind" regulations is the rule that our labeling which includes the certification information has to be specific to eu or us/canada or japan.   we are in the process of convincing the fcc, etsi and mic (japan) that it's cool, safe and reliable to have a single worldwide sku that auto detects region and auto configures the compliance settings.  but it's not yet the rule today, though we are confident that we can convince them in time.  if and when this happens, we'll issue a software upgrade to your portal. in the meantime, we suggest that you use your portal only in the region that you purchased it; eu (including efta countries), us/canada or japan. please also drop us an email to:  support@getportal.io and let us know when you plan to move.  if we can't get the worldwide sku update in time for you, we'll send you a coupon for a discount on purchase of another portal for your move.   we'll be going on amazon in a couple months, so you will be able to buy additional portals even after the kickstarter campaign.
@creator i also will be moving from the us to europe in the next year and have the same question as @christopher say.
just finished reading the article at http://spectrum.ieee.org/telecom/wireless/why-wifi-stinksand-how-to-fix-it.  i found it interesting, although a lot of it was over my head.  what i came away with is, since i live in a rural area, nowhere close (that i know of) to any weather and/or airport radar i should expect that my 802.11ac devices should pretty much stay on the 5 ghz band.  did i interpret that correctly?  the other question is how does/will law enforcement traffic radar impact the band selection?  i am about 700 ft off of the highway.
will there be any way to set up multiple portals so that a particular wireless device always connects and stays connected to a specific ap? thank you.
so i am planning to move from the us to europe within the coming year, will it be possible for the device to adjust to the change?
butr, portal is too close to shipping to make any significant changes at this time.  however, poe has been a popular request and will be considered in the future.
eric, portal does continually scan both the 2.4ghz and the 5ghz frequency bands.  it uses this information to assign channels and improve traffic flow in both bands.  however, 2.4ghz only has 3 20mhz channels that do not overlap, and they are typically more crowded than 5ghz. also many of the legacy 2.4ghz devices cannot move channels. so you should not expect to see much improvement at 2.4ghz.
any chance the device can become poe powered instead of requiring a separate ac adapter.
sorry if this has been asked before but there doesn't seem to be any search on comments here that i can see.  i read the ieee article about the technology behind your implementation and it sounds like the radar signals in question are within the 5ghz band.  are there any advantages portal offers for devices that still only support 2.4?
kasper, portal is being shipped eu friendly to distribution hubs in europe.
david, if the only thing that you got out of our 4000 word article is that portal has 9 antennas, we failed you miserably. our thesis for portal is that the world is using up wifi radio spectrum faster that regulators can re-allocate it.  the lack of uncrowded spectrum is causing lousy performance a reliability for wifi. portal gives you 3x more wifi spectrum and intelligently manages the allocation of this spectrum for greater wifi density. will this be enough to keep you happy in 2020 and beyond with all of the mobile phone carriers looking to off-load to 5ghz?   we hope so, but still only give a 1 year warranty. have a great 4th dave!
david, thanks for asking about the rational for usb 2.0 vs usb 3.0.  a usb 2.0 port is rated at max transfer rate of 480mbits/sec, compared to usb 3.0 at a max transfer rate of 5gbits/sec. or about 1/10th the max speed. however, when you test the speed of the fastest hdds attached the usb 3.0 ports on the most expensive $300-$400 routers, with the fastest cpus and largest amounts of memory, you get transfer rates around 250mbit/sec.  well below the max of usb 2.0.  so what's the deal? here's an detailed  review by tom higgins that goes into some detail looking at storage transfer rates on the latest in  ac5400 class routers that might be of interest http://www.smallnetbuilder.com/wireless/wireless-reviews/32998-linksys-ea9500-max-stream-ac5400-mu-mimo-gigabit-router-reviewed… the reality is that the cpus in routers are pretty busy moving wifi around and don't have lots of spare cycle for running the storage stacks that are needed to run the rather lousy usb protocols at high-speed. on the other hand 250mbits/sec is likely quite fast compared to the actually performance that you will see from a wifi network. we did add a separate cpu/memory subsystem in portal.  but we use it to boost wifi spectrum and wifi speed.  to save a few $ we opted to not use the more expensive usb 3.0 as it would not really add any additional value. your comment: "loading and saving on the fly will be awfully slow and likely decrease application stability..."  is exactly the problem we wanted to fix with portal.  in a wifi router attached storage system the poor speed and application stability is dominated by the wifi radio network.  in the real, and increasingly crowded, wifi world its all about dealing with congestion. and that's where we spent the $.
@creator will portals be distributed within european warehouse such that we do not have to add further fees to be collected; vat, other custom fees etc.?
mathieu, at the end of the campaign you will be sent a survey from backerkit that will allow you to change the number of portals.  we will honor your initial pledge and reward levels.
i apologize if this was discussed already but i was reading this article you posted the other day and have to play advocates devil for a minute and ask how well portal is going to perform under the circumstances mentioned in it, expected only 4 years from now... (quote below) what benefits will portal give us beyond its 9 antennas, or is it designed to only solve today's issues and offer a relative, mostly theoretical, advantage by 2020? — or do you expect that carriers will be blocked from continuing their plans altogether? quote: "congestion will soon get even worse, thanks to the mobile-phone carriers, which have exhausted much of their exclusive spectrum. these wireless carriers are planning to off-load mobile-data transmissions, as much as 60 percent within the next three years, onto the unlicensed spectrum used by wi-fi. the technology for that (lte-u or laa), uses 4g lte radios and routers to send and receive data via the same 5-ghz frequencies as wi-fi. while carriers downplay interference to wi-fi users, google, and microsoft claim that lte-u and laa will absolutely increase congestion on wi-fi channels and degrade wi-fi service. on top of all of this, the latest variant of the wi-fi standard—ieee 802.11ac—is actually reducing the number of lanes on the radio highway. ieee 802.11ac satisfies a growing need for speed—speed to stream high-definition videos and to allow mobile devices to conserve battery life by transmitting at high rates for only a limited time. this form of wi-fi delivers 1.3 gigabits/sec. to allow data to move that quickly, 802.11ac has to merge channels. in its highest-performance configuration, ieee 802.11ac wave 3, combines the entire available wi-fi spectrum into two 160-mhz-wide channels. this merger means that only two pairs of devices can communicate on the widest of channels simultaneously without interfering." source: http://spectrum.ieee.org/telecom/wireless/why-wifi-stinksand-how-to-fix-it
hm, why usb 2.0 instead of 3.0? with 2.zero i won't be able to use it to add network drives to centralize our shared work resources or lightroom and raw photo libraries because loading and saving on the fly will be awfully slow and likely decrease application stability... that's a real big loss in feature value, also in terms of future proofing the device which you intend to become a future proof platform... *snif*
hi i buy one red router at 150, do i need to put à other 150 to get two red router now or not?
biren, portal provides usb 2.0 ports that are fast enough for hdds, 3g/4g modems, and printers
@rich uk is still very much a part of the eu, it'll be at least a few years before you guys are out (if you ever actually start the exit process).
hi  will portal support external hard drive to create network storage and also printers... i see you have two usb ports ... can please know what will it be used for.
no worries, we will ship to england.  as far as certification, customs, etc.. is concerned, everything is still business as usual.   either way, we'll take care of all our backers.
i have backed at the early adopter europe level just noticed it says 'ships to serbia, norway , switzerland, eu' im in england, i'm assuming that you are still shipping here as we aren't in the eu anymore. seems like a silly question but just for peace of mind
hlh, the regulators (fcc in us) have been very specific that they do not want to  allow users to change the power settings or control the rf. you may find that having the device attached to the initial ap as long as possible actually results in poorer performance as this is more an snir issue than a pure distance, or rssi.
ben, we are tracking to our committed ship dates.  units will be set out in the order that the pledges were made.
hi- will there be any way to change the radio transmission strength on a particular portal device?  to maximize bandwidth/speed i would like my devices to stay with the primary router attached to the modem until the device is clearly out of range. can this be controlled with radio strength settings or some other setting?  thanks. robert
hello. i backed the early adopter europe reward. when do you think they will be despatched?
thanks, jeffrey.   the enthusiasm and generous support of our kickstarter backers makes it a real joy for us to write the responses and updates.  we're all having alot of fun doing this. btw:  ieee spectrum magazine just published an article this morning talking about how ignition design labs (our company) wants to save the future of wi-fi.  midway down the article is a detailed technical explanation of the 'secret sauce' inside portal and how the magic works.   here's the link, enjoy: http://spectrum.ieee.org/telecom/wireless/why-wifi-stinksand-how-to-fix-it
@ignition - you guys have written the book on how to respond to backers for crowd sourcing projects. well done
michiel, can you please provide more details on this "different brand" wifi router?  we want portal to be fully standards based on things like roaming, but not every brand agrees or support compatible versions.  make sure the other brand has 802.11r and 802.11k.
jeff, 1) roaming is a great area for getting a phd.  the short answer is that it really depends on the client, as it makes the decision on when to jump.  the best way to ensure a smooth hand-off is to have available, uncrowded spectrum, so once the client decided to jump it does so quickly - portal will help with this part of it. you should configure the portals with the same ssid.   2) in theory it should, especially for larger numbers of nodes. wireless mesh does reduce the bandwidth and add more traffic to the spectrum than wired. but we really haven't done much testing to quantify this with portal for roaming. right now we are using wireless mesh because that's what we think most people will be using. 3) we would not expect that going through a separate firewall would make a difference. 4) portal supports both vpn client and server.  it can support both, both inbound and outbound.  but this is cpu intensive.  portal currently supports openvpn, we plan to also support additional protocols in the near future. 5) yes, you can configure multiple ssids. 6) openwrt has policy routing that will let you have multiple routing tables to support the open and vpn connections.  i think this might help explain: https://wiki.openwrt.org/doc/networking/routing
hi, if i configure another different brand ap with the same ssid and security settings, (for example a weaker one to cover the garden) will my clients roam automatically?
hi, i pledged for one device but will likely expand that to two devices to cover a 3 story home. sorry if any of the below are dupes, i did try to read all comments. 1) how is handoff of an active session handled when roaming between aps? specifically, is there any kind of wireless network virtualization when operating in this mode or do they function as two aps with the same ssid?  i am concerned about att wifi calling/skype calls being dropped when roaming.  i am not sure this can be achieved without a management controller but i figured i would ask.  i do understand that different client devices will handle this scenario very differently 2) related to question 1, is there any difference in how roaming is handled if the devices are meshed wirelessly or connected via ethernet 3) any disadvantages or loss of functionality if i put the portals in bridge mode and use a separate router/firewall? 4) is the vpn support client,server, or both? if both, can it support simultaneous inbound and outbound connections? (ie, portal is connected to my work vpn, but my wife is connecting to our home network while she travels). also, i notice some conflicting information in the comments regarding vpn protocols (one response says openvpn, other says ipsec/l2tp/pptp). 5) can i configure multiple ssids? 6) this might be more of a general openwrt question, but.. assuming you support vpn client mode and multiple ssids, is it possible to route one ssid via the vpn connection and another to the public internet? this would make connecting to work as easy as switching wifi networks really hoping that portal will allow me to avoid the cost and complexity of purchasing some enterprise gear.  very excited to try it out!
thanks for the quick response that is good to know.
jason and thiago, portal is already 802.11ac wave 2.  the issue has been that the wi-fi alliance (we're members) has not had a formal certification program for wave 2.  now that it exists, we will be getting portal formally certified so we can add the sticker to the box. wave 2 allows the max speed number on the box to be increased primarily due to 4x4 mu-mimo (portal has this and all the other wave 2 features).  while the industry continues to do a great job at improving the theoretical max speed, they have done very little to improve the performance in the real-world.  portal remains unique in this respect.
mathieu, portal has dual usb2.0 ports.  we find that only flash drives can really take advantage of the speed of usb 3 and we felt it was not worth the addition price premium.
georg, portal doesn't get that hot. portal is warmest on the bottom where the heatsink / heatspreader is located.  in our lab, where it runs hard and 24/7, i'm measuring 86f with a 70f ambient.  the top is only a few degrees above ambient.
kevin, portal really needs a broadband connection.  trying to have it work with generic aps rather than other portals is something that is not presently supported. portal does have beamforming on both of the dual antenna arrays to improve the signal quality .
the wi-fi alliance has officially debuted the 802.11ac wave 2 standard and will portal support it???
hi, how does the wifi alliance announcement today regarding performance improvements affect the portal? does this even the playing field for other routers making them almost as good as the portal? see post here: http://www.wi-fi.org/news-events/newsroom/wi-fi-certified-ac-brings-new-advances-in-wi-fi-performance… thanks, jason
@creator : hi is that usb 3 ? on your portal? can be compatible with the usb 2? is that simple to connect 2 portal or we need big help? thank you.
how hot does get the surface, the bottom of portal when running 24/7? (my current linksys router is getting really hot...)
@creator thanks for answering my questions and i'm looking forward to testing out your hardware!
@creator sorry - i read the comment about ordering additional units!! thank you... now the main question is the one about simply using it being fed by an ap... i'm thinking of buying more for a condo i own that is feed by the resorts wifi system so i have no ethernet connection available... just the signal from the ap... with this unit still help? in my own home i can use a direct connect to my isp router is this results in a stronger signal! did you say that this unit uses beam shaping technology? thank you!
is there a price to purchase more at the kickstarter price? and this will work directly from an ap correct? thank you!!  kevin
julie, awesome questions.  on power-up portal has to go quiet for about 1 minute as it does a channel acquisition check on all for the dfs channels in parallel.  this is done to make absolutely certain that no radar is present.  after that portal continually scans every channel in parallel looking for interference, traffic, and radar.  so portal starts the scan at power-up and continues it forever using a dedicated bit of unique hardware. when portal needs to assign a device to a channel it considers all of the real-time scan information about the environment and attempts to load balance the new device on to "best" channel.  if portal has qos information about the application being run (or layer 3 policy information) it also takes that into consideration. if radar is detected, portal must immediately leave that channel and stay off of it for 30 minutes after the radar is gone.  portal can move traffic immediately to another channel in the dfs band or the regular 5ghz bands.  the algorithm that portal uses when it's forced off by radar is similar to the one previously described.  portal used information about the current amount of  traffic, interference, and priorities to shuffle devices to their "best" channels.  it also has a history component, as radar and traffic patterns are often cyclical. if portal believes that the network is becoming overly congested it will look for times when it can re-assign devices to other channel with minimal disruption.  there is also an pretty cleaver algorithm for doing this. there are other approaches that only look at the environment at boot up.  this is cheaper since you can re-use the wifi radios as they are not busy running traffic at boot.  the problem with the cheaper approach is that the wifi environment can change dramatically with time.  things look really different at 10am and 8pm. another problem with the cheap approach that does not dedicate hardware is that the ability to accurately detect radar decreases as the network load increases.  so you get a much higher rate of false radar detects.  when a false detect occurs you have to jump to a non-dfs crowded channel.  then the only way you can get back to using a dfs channel is to halt the network for a few minutes while you reboot.
@creator question for you guys - i've been reading a little about dfs technology and am wondering if portal only runs this scan on boot. i thought i had read somewhere that portal can switch off of the radar bands as necessary, wait the required 30 minutes, and potentially jump back on but i may have made that up (wishful thinking?). how is a dfs band chosen in portal and is it only chosen at boot if the usual 5ghz bands are considered too congested? thank you for such an interesting project!   - julie
piero, i really can't find much on the specs for bt home hub 6.  http://www.alphr.com/bt/1003795/bt-smart-hub-review-its-fast-very-fast.  but its basic specs look similar to portals (802.11ac wave 2 router). the real difference depends on your environment.  if you can see more that 8 neighbors wifi networks you're probably going to have congestion issues.  in the uk there is only 1 80mhz wide channel for 802.11ac traffic that is not in the dfs  protected radar band. so all of your neighbors using 802.11ac routers are going to be competing to put their traffic on that same channel.  if they buy home hub 6s it will be even worse; as bt has boosted the antennas and power so that you'll see even more neighboring systems. in this type of crowded and congested environment portal's ability to access all of the dfs protected radar band should give you  waaay better performance than the home hub 6. if you get a portal let me know your experiences.  if not, i'll be in the uk for testing in october and would be really interested in running a few comparisons with the home hub 6.
@creator, i am getting my homehub 6 (smarthub) delivered on friday for my 400mb line... do i really need portal now compared to hh6? i do live in towerblock with 31 floors so likely will be loads of wifi networks from the neighbours getting set up. will portal operate waaaay better compared to hh6 to justify buying it? (can you do a comparison of portal vs hh6) really appreciate it..
and of course, the japan version will be optimized for maximum performance in japan.
hi yusa, yes, you can use your portal in another countries.  however, it will likely work in a restricted mode with potentially some limitations.  each country has it's own rules about which channels are available, the operating power level, types of radar patterns that need to be detected, etc...   portal is smart and will recognize if your us-certified router is being operated in another country, and will put itself in restrictive modes to protect that country's regulatory environment.  you'll still be able to use portal, but it won't be the same as when it was operating in the us.   same is true of our us/canada version in canada, and our eu version in eu and efta countries.   as a general rule, it's best to use your portal in the region that you ordered it for. now, the good news is that we are launching in japan in a few days.  look for us on green funding.jp shortly.  we'll push out an update and send you a link when our japan campaign starts up.
going to hold off purchasing a netgear nighthawk before this arrives, i'm reading that your product will do the same, but for over 100 usd less. looking forward to providing feedback, i was fortunate to get in on the early pledge.
josh - while we haven't determined the final price of the retail version of portal, the retail msrp will definitely be higher than the kickstarter pledge prices for sure.  we're looking at somewhere in the neighborhood of 20% (or more) higher on retail.
i am one of the backers. this question may be already asked/ answered, but is there any way for the portal to work outside of the certified countries? maybe as just a normal wifi router for now? i am living in us right now, but originally from japan and would like to take the portal back with me once i go back to tokyo. since there are so many questions being asked, i had a hard time looking for a similar question... thanks!
josh, the final retail price has not been determined for the retail version of portal.
jeffrey, the the fire tv stick's specs are a little confusing.  it supports 802.11b/g/n.  while 5ghz is optional for 802.11n, it  was not implemented on the fire tv stick.
@idl, what is the planned msrp for the retail release of portal?
again, thank you for the quick responses.  that is disappointing that the amazon fire tv stick does not officially support 5ghz.  from various websites, it looks like it might "unofficially" work.
jonathan, wei coon was asking about disabling the router build into his isps gateway, versus adding portal as a separate network. it is simplest to just connect portal to the ethernet port of the gateway box and set portal up with a separate ssid. however, some isps have a secondary "community hotspot" ssid (my xfinity box uses xfinitywifi) that allows other subscribers to share your broadband and wifi that you might want to disable.  also you may not want to pay your isps monthly rental rate for their wifi box.  in this case, you need to find out how to turn off your isps wifi router.  setting up portal is still the same.
jeffrey, from the fcc specifications the amazon fire tv stick only has a 2.4ghz radio  and does not support 5ghz. thanks for your input on parental control.  i'll figure out the best way to post some screen shots for you..
which option will you recommend the most from the response you gave to wei-choon on 05/26?
sorry for the multiple posts.  one of the main devices i use in the house if the amazon fire tv stick.  have you tested this out with the portal?  the stick seems to have issues with connecting with high frequencies.  http://www.amazon.com/forum/fire…
@ignition - thank you for the quick and detailed response.  for parental controls, i'm looking for something simple and easy.  i would like to limit my kids' access to a certain level (pg or g etc) and to make domain exceptions if i deem the list incorrect.  for instant view, will i be able to see what url each device is looking at the moment or is it just limited to technical data that i can see? i also see that the an app and webgui will be available.  how much do you expect to have within the app?  i'm assuming that advanced controls such as port forwarding will be done via the webgui.  do you have sample screenshots of the app already?  thank you.
lubbert, at the end of the campaign, you will receive a backerkit survey that will allow you to add on to your pledge.  we will honor all of the pricing levels that you earned during the campaign for any additional units.
jeroen, 2.4ghz is very limited in the number of channels it has.  it allows for only 3 20mhz channels that can be used at the same time.  portal continually detect traffic on all of the 2.4ghz channels and will try to pick the best assignments for your devices.  however, the 2.4ghz frequencies are filled with lots of legacy devices (802.11b//g), bluetooth, garage door openers, wireless keyboards, home automation,...  and many of these legacy devices will not move. portal will improve things, but the reality is that 2.4ghz will not support the high bandwidth services (video) that 5ghz was designed to.
patrick, yes you can limit the bandwidth assigned to a device.  however, with 3x more bandwidth this should not be needed unless you want to create limitation.  but if you really want to keep a device from using 80mhz bandwidth you can.  you can also do this by application.  this is an advanced options that requires using the web gui and setting the qos controls.
ryan, a 3,000 sq.ft. home is at the limits of what is recommended for a single portal.  from what you describe, it is most likely that your present range extender is "hearing" you neighbors wifi while the main tp-link ac1900 is not.  this is not uncommon as the extremes of your home are the closest to your neighbor's wifi network and more likely to interfere with each other. portal is engineered to fix this situation, but i'd recommend that you use two portals to ensure great coverage.
jeff, portal is unique in that it addresses the problem with crowded and congested wifi.  this primarily comes from interference from your neighbors wifi networks, all of the wifi devices that your family owns, and that everyone is running more demanding applications (video ->hd video -> ultrahd video).  if this is the reason you’re looking at a new router, portal is the only one to look at. eero and luma use mesh to allow you to add routers (nodes) to trade-off bandwidth and latency for greater range.  the trade-off is needed since all of the nodes must talk to eachother to move the messages around.  portal also supports mesh, and since portal has 3x the bandwidth and much better antennas (4x4 with high isolation) the impact of the trade-off is much lower.  in general, we believe that few portals will be needed to cover your home, and will provide a higher data rate in all cases. in terms of the standard features, portal is based on openwrt and it will be release with a pretty good set of features.  however, we are not slipping portal's availability to make too many enhancements in these areas.  instead, greater enhancements will be done as firmware upgrades free of charge. parental controls - portal has a easy to use time management that allows you to group all of your kids devices into a single entity.  portal offers basic filtering operations to force safe searching and eliminate specific keywords.  we are very interested in what other parental control capabilities you'd find valuable.  please let us know and we'll see of they can be added to the release schedule. instant view - portal gives real-time view of each device and also has a spectrum analyzer so you can see what is happening on all of the channels. cyber security - portal offers an enhanced security mode that uses near proximity bluetooth to pair with a mobile device and exchange password information.  this allow more secure passwords and avoids exposing passwords over wifi.  portal also monitors the routers dns tables and will not allow unauthenticated access. remote control - is done via the networks owners smartphone or mobile device. dash board - portal's mobile app provides a summary and a health check. alerts - used for intrusion detection, guest access, parental control, and network monitoring.
hi creator, i'm one of the backers but how do i order multiple portal units (more then 2)  and how will the price be? i thought i did read something about it in the comments but can't find it and don't see it in the faq. greetings, lubbert
hi portal, i'm very excited about your product but one question keeps me questioning; does this fastlane technology also apply for 2.4ghz devices that can't use 5ghz? looking forward to your response! best regards, jeroen from the netherlands
@creator and @backers i don't know if this question has been answered or not but is it possible to limit bandwidth by devices ?
fcc-1701, i see what you guys did there.
thanks - helpful...
levy, chris, and william sorry for the delay in responding. we have been in a few houses and apartments using multiple portals in mesh and daisy chain configurations most of this week.  i hope to write this up in some detail for you next week. if you wish to daisy chain with gigabit ethernet cables (cat-5e), you connect one portal to to the wan and go through the standard setup.  you can then add addition portals together with cat-5e cables by  just plug the cabling into any of the 4 gigabit ethernet ports at the back.  the portals will detect one another and auto configure to work as a single virtual router (ssids, passwords, configurations). there is no optimal length to the cable since you will get the same performance up to the max. distance spec. of 100m for cat-5e. i'd recommend that you place the portals as close as possible to where you suspect the heaviest usage devices will be used.  i have one in the family room close to the sofa.  the other is downstairs where the kids used to sleep, before i made them beta testers and gave them netflix. if you wish to connected the portals wirelessly the setup is almost the same.  power one portal up and configure it.  then just power up the second, then third, then....  our testing is showing that you should keep the distance between portals that are wirelessly connected to about 60ft it you want squeeze every last mbps out of the portal to portal links.
i have a 3,000 sq foot home and it is two stories.  should i get two of these for proper coverage?  currently i have a tplink ac1900 router and when adding an extender unit downstairs it actually was worse connectivity then just leaving the unit by itself.  i have some issues at times with connectivity in the far reaches from where the modem is, but attribute some of that to possible congestion versus coverage as i do have half a dozen neighbors signals i pick up that's likely slowing things down. just trying to figure out if i should cancel my single pledge and pledge for two units
in a follow up from my previous post about portal vs luma, these are the core features of luma.  how does portal match up?  thank you. parental controls easily restrict kids to 'g' or 'pg' level websites and apps instant view instantly view what is happening on each device in real time cyber security block hackers from accessing your network control remotely receive alerts and change settings remotely from your own device dashboard see what's happening on your wifi network at a glance alert system detect unknown devices and block potential attackers
btw - love the constant feedback from the campaign owners. is there comparison chart between luma and portal?   i know that they seem to be solving different problems (coverage vs congestion) but i only want to have one system managing my network.   pricewise, i can get two portals for the price of 3 lumas.  from what i read, the portal can mesh together like the lumas.  but the lumas have other functionality that the portals do not have (like easy guest wifi, turning off wifi during dinner etc).  thanks in advance.
same question on daisy chaining two portals. i have ethernet outlets throughout my house connected to my router. is it as simple as connecting a portal to an ethernet cable in different room or two portals need to be connected directly with each other with an ethernet cable? thanks
appreciate the answers you have been providing.  i may have missed it but is there, or will there be, a guide for daisy chaining two portals?  will it just be as simple as connecting them by ethernet and we're good to go?
@creator: what is the planned msrp for when portal is released to retail?
thank you looking into it.
beau, i'm not sure why you're unable to play together on your two xbox consoles with the nighthawk, or if this is actually a router issue.  with portal we demo the xbox vs xbox pretty frequently, and compare portal to "another router".  i'll look into this in more detail and try to respond shortly.
hlide, portal shipping will be eu friendly  to avoid you having to pay any of the customs fees.
since this project is based on openwrt, i'd like to point out to potential funders here that making openwrt itself a good base to build on costs money also. for years, i have been contributing a buildslave to the openwrt continuous integration build cluster, and just added one for the lede-project. i am running a campaign elsewhere to get more to contribute to the core os work that all else relies on, here: https://www.gofundme.com/2awkswc
your presentation and the design of the portal are amazing so i have pledged for one. hope you will ship the product as per the mentioned schedule. currently i am using linksys wrt1900acs which i think is powerful enough but i guess portal will be much more powerful and give me a better experience using my wi-fi. will you make a website login to access the details of my portal or it will only be accessed through the smartphone? i liked your return and refund policy as i can see you are very confident with your product and hope i don't have to return it. when will the shipment begin for the batch i ordered? thank you.
i am considering daisy chaining two portals - how far apart should they be from each other to max the benefit?
@creator how well will portal run with two xbox 1s playing simultaneously online? my girlfriend and i are avid gamers. we currently have a netgear nighthawk (not sure the exact model) and the best modem that could be bought. yet when we go to play games online together, it will not let us play together. she and i can both play a game online just fine as long as we don't play together. will portal help fix this problem?
@creator i have recently a very bad surprise with mstick shipping. dhl demands $30.5 for french customs for a $45 reward. the shipping fees was $21 initially. so if i accepted it, it would set the total shipping cost to $51.5. unbelievable, isn't it? now, my question regarding your reward: how do you plan to ship the reward? we will have no such bad surprise, won't we?
hi movie kang -  i assume that by daisy-chain, you mean connecting two or more portals together using ethernet cables (ie. gige lan to lan).  you can also connect two portals wireless using our (proprietary) adaptive mesh, but that's another topic (see video we'll post next week). the pros of daisy chaining two portals together using ethernet are (a) more range/coverage; and (b) higher capacity. range:  the effective range of a single portal is about 80 to 100 feet.  by effective, i mean enough throughput for good netflix experience which is about 10-15mbps.  that's enough to cover a typical 2500 to 3000 sq-feett home.  daisy chaining two portals will allow you to cover a two story house nicely or a very big one-story home of say 5000 sq-feet. capacity: daisy-chaining two portals over ethernet will give you two simultaneous 5ghz networks (operating on non-overlapping channels) and two simultaneous 2.4ghz networks. this is what is commonly called a tri-band setup, although in our case it could be technically claimed that we are actually have a quad-band setup with two 2.4ghz. the phy capacity in this case is thus 4.8 gbps meaning an ac4800 setup (or if you want to be nit-picky you can call it a ac4100 setup...but i think you get the point). there really is no con to daisy chaining two or more portals, except having to string ethernet cabling (which i do highly recommend as a fantastic weekend project).  and of course, you will have to have to buy two units.  but two portals is still way cheaper than a single high-end tri-band router (from say netgear/dlink/linksys/tplink).  and it'll be way cheaper than an eero 3-pack or luma 3-pack, and way way better performance. and if you don't want to string ethernet cable, you can still get more range by using our adaptive mesh to connect two portals, and it'll still be way more performance (higher speed and lower latency/lag) than eero or luma.  however, with mesh you won't enjoy the benefit of the higher tri-band capacity because we have to use a either a common 5ghz channel or the slower 2.4ghz link to tie the two portals (that's how mesh works).   hope this helps.
chris - for clarification, the price after kickstarter (when we transition to retail and online) will be higher than your pledge reward level.  that's part of the social contract with our kickstarter backer because you are supporting us so early and sharing in the risk, you get to share in the reward also.   if you want to enjoy the same price on a second portal, suggest you add that second unit to your order when you get the backerkit survey at the end of the campaign.   we can't commit yet to the price difference at retail, but it'll be about 20% or more higher.  thanks again for your generous support of our campaign.
chris, portal will move to an on-line store in the future. but we cannot guarantee that we can provide you with an additional unit at a similar price to the reward levels offered during the kickstarter.
>dave, >a few people here have been following this work on openwrt. >thanks for send this along. good. i ordered a box for late november delivery, i would be glad to help on getting these things implemented sooner than that, if needed.
quick question for you.  i live in a townhouse so i'm anticipating that i may have to daisy chain two portals together to ensure max coverage.  i have pledged for one currently.  will there be any options to purchase a second portal after i have tested coverage with 1 device in my home?
dave, a few people here have been following this work on openwrt. thanks for send this along.
what are the advantages and disadvantages of daisy chaining to portals together?
jack, we have been asked a few times about the differences between the current nighthawk x8 (r8500) and portal: it depends on where you live and who your neighbors are. the nighthawk x8 ac5300 has very similar specs as portal. both have 4x4 802.11ac mu-mimo, so if you live in the country with few neighbors (ie. no congestion) the flat-out speed and performance will be pretty much equal between the two. however, if you live downtown in an apartment or if your neighbor likes to bit torrent, then portal will outperform the nighthawk easily because of the additional spectrum and the dynamic traffic avoidance. look at our demo videos where we do a head-to-head speedtest that compares to a leading 802.11ac wave 2 router. you'll see that in moderate congestion (a half dozen or so neighbors doing netflix), portal is able to cut thru the congestion to deliver higher speedtest and netflix performance.
@ creator  "1yr to return it for a refund" thats great confidence in you're product!! two thumbs up !!!
i am delighted to see you are basing this product on openwrt. are you paying attention to the requirements for fq_codel? (bql support on ethernet, a qos system like "sqm-scripts") furthermore, we have done quite a bit of work lately in the make-wifi-fast project to bring per station queuing and fq_codel into the wifi mac layer, in the first case finally beating the "wifi performance anomaly" - and in the second - reducing queuing latency by orders of magnitude. the results there are pretty spectacular, if i say so myself. http://blog.cerowrt.org/post/fq_codel_on_ath10k/ i hope you are following along and leveraging these new technologies in your product, also?
james, we want you to love your portal , but if for any reason you don't you have a 1yr to return it for a refund.
i have got a netgear nighthawk ac1900 r7000 at this moment. how much is this better? :)
not so hard.. i got one (eu)
good evening how hard would it be to get a red one?
@mike kabala its a childish comment from @sean, who can't use adult words apparently.  but that's a good comment/question ;) lol
what is the return/refund policy on this product?
i'm satisfied with the frequency of updates so far.  i am very impressed by the @creators level of involvement in these comments. btw, what is "butt hurt?"  is that just a means of including the word "butt" in a comment?
@sean you mean useless comments like your rant?  i agree.  sounds like you were butt hurt......there are also plenty of projects that have done great,  why plan for the failure??  just because this is your first project you've backed, don't panic. how about trying to be a adult and not insult people?
@wingnut i did not know you were feeling that special and that you got butt hurt over my comment. allot of good projects have failed because of not posting updates and keeping their backers up to date. i used the "we" and "i" form if you did not notice, there are some backers that would like to see more updates(that is the we). you don't want to see how the project is going so you do not belong in that we group. now we stop posting useless comments on the project page and lets these guys make something awesome.
ellaine, yes all of the benefits of portal's fastlanes and smartlanes technologies apply to both the download and upload paths.
jpoet, yes, portal supports vlans for guest access.  but since your worried about having very secure guest access, i'd like to explain the two modes of guess access that portal has.  the first works pretty much like every other routers guest access.  the guest gets a separate ssid and password that are fixed and are shared by all guests. the second mode is a more secure guest access that requires your guest to use the portal mobile app on their smartphone or mobile device.  the app will create a temporary and individual guest ssid and password for each authenticated guest whenever they are near your home using bluetooth.  when your guest leaves your home, portal will delete the guest ssid and password and tear down their virtual network.  when they return, a new guest ssid and password will be created and provided to your guest's mobile device.  so we don't leave the guest network hanging around for hackers. permission for guest access can also granted for a limited time period in both modes.
@sean, in your comment you said 'we want weekly status updates!'.  it would be nice if you didn't speak for everyone.  i don't want weekly status updates, i would rather have the folks building this working on the product rather than having to keep everyone informed.  if you want status updates, you should say that..... you don't get to speak for me.  an update once a month would be more than enough.
@creator do these maintain or increase the upload speeds also? and how far is the range? thank you!
thank you very much for posting even more precisions about the difference between the us and eu portal, as i was pretty much worried about that.
i have a pfsense based router which i will continue to use, but would like to use the portal for my access point. will the portal support vlan for guest mode when operating as an access point? for example, apple's airport extreme's support that, which allows the upstream router to treat 'guest' traffic differently.
thanks for the update!
sean - just posted the update.   enjoy the photos, and as always we appreciate the candid feedback.  you can expect more regular updates in the coming weeks as we speed to production.  again, thanks for keeping us on our toes.
ignition labs, 3 days ago i asked for the updates. i was promised this weekend there would be updates. there need to be more updates because iam thinking you guys are not going to deliver. we want weekly status updates! * creator ignition design labs 3 days ago hi sean, thanks for the reminder. we will be posting an update this weekend with new photos. sorry for the delay in updates. the team has been completely heads down completing final design checks and extensive testing as we transition from pre-production prototyping phase to production tooling. i'll send you more details in the update. thanks for your support (and for keeping us on our toes).
had contact by pm but there would be more updates, can you guys show something from the (test)production because with only 1 / 2 months to go for delivery it's very questioning if that will be a reachable date if you guys don't break the silence with more information/production pictures/test results/changes in hardware because of the test results
shawn, after the campaign ends you will receive a survey from backerkit.  this will allow you to add more portals to your original pledge.  we will honor the pricing levels that you committed to during the campaign.
volker, the radios for wifi and bluetooth are enabled / disabled from via software control.
don't mind me, it's been a while since i read the main product page
i was wondering if the portal can serve as a vpn endpoint. this premium feature would be much appreciated!
i'd be interested in a 4 pack as well. any chance of getting that option?
will there be a switch to turn off wlan and bluetooth manualy?
levy, i'm a fan of smallnetbuilder.com reviews.  http://www.smallnetbuilder.com/wireless/wireless-reviews/32998-linksys-ea9500-max-stream-ac5400-mu-mimo-gigabit-router-reviewed… "the ea9500's main differentiation at this point, aside from the lets-keep-em-confused ac5400 moniker, is its lone-wolf status as a broadcom-based router that has working mu-mimo. in the end, this is just another really expensive router that's unlikely to light up any of your pesky dead spots or handle a large number of devices any better than a much cheaper ac3200 class tri-radio alternative."
gabriel, at the end of the campaign, you'll receive a backerkit survey that will allow you to specify black.  we will honor your pledge level and delivery order (same price and same schedule). we have not yet determined the retail price for portal.
just read a review of the linksys ea9500 - glowing as the "best on the market" today.  the reviewer boasted the it reached a throughput of 5.3gps - what's your take?
as well as portal is doing - i'm surprised no stretch goals?
any possibility of opening more options such as 4 packs?
also what will be the retail price for portal?
i pledged for the red portal especially since i will get it sometime around august. would it be possible to get a black portal and still get it sometime in august?
hi trias, yes, portal can be used with a carrier gateway box; that's the technical term for the box where the modem and a wifi router are combined in one unit.   see the earlier comments, you have two choices on how to connect your new portal to your gateway. (1) the easiest is to simply connect an ethernet cable from your gateway's lan port to portal's lan port. you'll want to use a good quality gigabit ethernet cable (it'll have the words cat 5e or cat 6 printed on it). portal will auto configure itself in "bridge mode" to extend your existing network. this also gives you the opportunity to place your portal in a part of your home further away from you gateway so you have extended coverage to eliminate any dead spots you may have. we suggest you put portal in the room where you use the most intensive internet applications. if you don't want the bother of running ethernet cable to another room, you can also just put portal right next to (maybe a few feet away) from your gateway and just use it in the same room. (2) a more sophisticated method is to disable the built-in wifi in your gateway and replace it with portal. you'll still need the built-in dsl or cable modem in your gateway so don't turn it all off; this is the bit that connects you to the internet thru your service provider. you'll have to look at your manual to figure out how to disable the wifi without disabling your broadband internet. in this configuration, you will connect the ethernet cable from the lan port of your gateway to the wan port of portal. portal will auto configure itself as your new network. hope this helps. we'll be posting youtube tutorials shortly to teach you how to do both (1) and (2).
can the portal be used with a combined and not seperate modem/router?
hi palm bear, the twin packs are actually shipped as two pieces, thus the $30 shipping charge.  unfortunately the packaging and the way the shipper charges us is by the piece.  if you've already pledged for the $149 early bird adopter, we can add another unit to your order for the same price.  at the end of the campaign, you'll get a backerkit survey at which time you can add the second unit (no need to over pledge now); we'll honor your early bird pledge pricing.  please send us a private message and i'll see what we can do be reimbursing you some of the shipping charge.  can't do this for everyone, but seeing how you were a hugely supportive early bird adopter we'll do our best.
hi sean, thanks for the reminder.  we will be posting an update this weekend with new photos.   sorry for the delay in updates.  the team has been completely heads down completing final design checks and extensive testing as we transition from pre-production prototyping phase to production tooling.  i'll send you more details in the update.  thanks for your support (and for keeping us on our toes).
i'm currently pledged for the $149 early bird adopter europe (so it's $164 incl shipment to the netherlands) and i've just convinced my father to purchase a portal as well. however when trying to change my pledge i noticed that the kickstarter twin pack charges $30 shipment costs, which doesn't make sense if it's sent in the same package to be charged twice the shipment costs. can i over-pledge my current pledge with another $149 (for a total of $313) to get 2 units sent to the same address in the same package?
just out of curiosity, but what will the recommended retail price be for the portal when it's commercially available? i'm happy with my early bird price, but a friend of mine who wants to wait until i receive my unit and experience it for himself at my house wants to know this.
dear ignition. when can we/i expect more updates on the status of portal? i really like the fack that you guys are so active on comments but i really miss the updates.  for example: - sharing more photo's  how does the portal look like (non commercial photo's) how does the inside look like  how does it look like when you throw it against a wall ( extreme example ) photo's and/or videos of the life demo in taipai. - what is the status of portal how is the production going what are you testing photo's of the production? - how is the team doing? is everybody still behind portal? - are there problem you are encountering? even though little - are you still able to reach the shipment times in the backing program? juli-september? - how is the pre-production going ? status? photo's? concerns? its already mid june and you stated in the campaign that in july you will start the shipment to us and canada. what is happening in august? be more active on the updates please. i have seen campaigns being active on the comments but not on the updates and failed so hard! people want to be informed! hope to see some updates very very soon.
eric, we have been building small numbers of units for internal testing with our odm for a while, and are now starting large runs to ensure testing and quality at volume. the team has built several generations of routers while at another company, and we have experience at managing risks in project like this. at the moment we don't see anything that would impact our committed schedules.
cedric, greatly appreciate your input.  iot is a very broad topic, with highly fragmented application requirements.  it makes sense for a company our size, to provide sdks to 3rd parties to enable them to build add-on solutions.  actually, creating a robust developer program has been a goal of ours for going to kickstarter.  i'll pass on your comments to the guys working on the developers tools to ensure that we have the hooks (apis) to support these requirements. portal does scan the 2.4ghz frequency band (an 5ghz) and can detect the frequencies and usage patterns for non-wifi technologies (bluetooth, zigbee, z-wave, etc). we do this to keep them separated from wifi traffic.  this keeps them from slowing wifi down and gives the iot devices an opportunity to communicate.  but if you need to know the exact number of z-wave devices and their ids, you will need to add a hardware bridge. if you're interested in joining our developer's program, send us an email at info@ignitiondl.com.
@creator is the portal router ready to be sent to production ? is there any delay we should be scared of, like those that happens in every other tech projects ?
i am thinking iot. do you think that is feasible a z-wave usb stick like this one (http://z-wave.sigmadesigns.com/docs/brochures/uzb_br.pdf) and a an hard drive to the portal for extending functionalities of the portal? do you think it will be possible and easy to deploy an add-on on it? what do you think about creating a market with add-ons developed by portal team or the community? for myself, i would need for the time-being a bluetooth-to-ip bridge and to report the number of connected wifi devices somewhere else on the network... the portal will be always on and it will avoid having a rapberry pi always connected on the network if the portal can handle some "simple" automation tasks.
alex, portal is able to share the portion of the 5ghz frequency band that is primarily reserved for the  use of radar.  there are regional differences in how this is done and the requirements.  we want to ensure that portal safely shares these frequency bands, and have been going through certification with a number of regional regulatory agencies.  in most regions, this takes a fair amount of time and expense. presently, we can provide portal to the us, canada, and most of europe where it is certified for safe operation with the radar protected bands.
hi there, would either box be able to work in dubai? not sure what the difference would be considering that have i used routers from both usa and uk here with no issues. please advise.
kyee regarding the single ssid, portal will automatically assign devices to the best bands (2.4ghz or 5ghz) and the best channels within these bands.  if you want to do the band assignment manually, you can create an ssid for 2.4ghz and another for 5ghz. the speed drop when using 5ghz at a greater distance can be due to poor signal strength (5ghz does not propagate as well as 2ghz) or interference in the 5ghz band. if the problem is due to interference, portal is a great solution.  if the problem is due to poor signal strength, you might need to use two portals to provide additional coverage and range.
g the nighthawk you get access to about 1/3rd of the 5ghz spectrum that portal provides.  if you have very other folks competing for this spectrum you'll see similar performance to portal.  but if you have 8 or more neighboring wifi using 5ghz, you should see much better performance with portal.
stumbled across the nighthawk ac3200 trip band router that claims 3.2 gbps wifi speed. is this similar in concept?
regarding the statement, "single common ssid to be assigned to both 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands", how do you know which one you're using?  the reason i ask is because i've named my differently and i noticed that when i'm using the 5ghz band downstairs, when i go upstairs, i'm still on that band and my internet is very slow.  but when i switch over to the 2.4ghz band, my internet is fast again.
piero, we'll look at the bt hub 6 when it gets announced in 4 more days and have an opportunity to review its specifications. the dfs / radar protected bands are available in the uk, just as in the us. in the uk there use is specified by etsi en 301 893.  portal is the only router capable of operating in all of these bands in parallel.  so, it will allow you to access more spectrum that any other router.  in addition, portal can dynamically sense your environment and make intelligent channel assignments to your devices to avoid congestion from all of those neighboring wifi networks. portal does provide bluetooth for iot devices, smartphones, and other mobile devices.  our mobile apps presently use bluetooth as part of the secure configuration process to make things less complex.
@creator, how does portal compare to the new bt hub 6 in the uk, i will likely end up with one of these in a couple of weeks, so thinking that portal might be redundant? the dfs idea seems to be key to the speed of portal on the basis that no one else is using these "fastlanes" but how do these work in the uk? are these unused channels available in the uk? i live in a massive flat with over 300 flats in it so im expecting it to be flooded with wifi routers.. will portal def being able to cut through them all compared to bt hh6? thanks :) oh also how much bt support do you offer for iot devices?
matt, great suggestion, we will try to add this shortly.
@creator will there be a tutorial/instructions released with the portal in regards to how to daisy chain or mesh them together?  having a larger residence but no real knowledge about the 'how-to' portion, i would find this extremely helpful.
georg, the switch chip used in portal does not support lacp for aggregating the ethernet ports.
patrick, at the end of kickstarter campaign, you will receive a survey from backerkit that will allow you to add on or change your pledge.  we will honor all reward levels, pricing, and color options available for your original pledge. apologies for any confusion.
@creator it's been weeks since i asked about the limited red.  i went from 1 red europe but decided to change for 2 portals.  earlier, you said we can have limited red after dropping a comment. what now ?! i just got f !  please tell me if i can still get the limited red or not.
can i aggregate 2,3,4 or even 5 portal ethernetports using common lacp? (connecting the portal to my local switch). or/and can i use the lacp to connect 2 portals with more than one ethernet?
francis, aicloud is proprietary to asus.  here are a few alternatives that  are not vendor specific http://appcrawlr.com/app/related/415795 a single portal should have better coverage than your asus, but if that's not enough portal supports mesh networking. so that you can easily add more portals to increase coverage.
@ creator thank you for a quick reply, just one last thought i am used to the asus routers they have an app aicloud which i use frequently to browse and watch movie and shows save on my connected hd on the router, will your app support this kind of thing? like be able to browse the content of your hd on your smartphone? and also i am curious about the range does your router provide more range on 5ghz? i am comparing it on asus rt-ac3200
hi , i am one of your backer at the same time i am the ceo of internet of everything , we are the world's first iot boutique where only the finest enters of stores worldwide. drop me an email at leslieho@internetofeverything.com.sg , i am intrigue by your creation just like how i felt about starry internet. we can push you to further heights ! regards, leslie
for clarification, by color changes we mean within the pledge level that you made during the campaign.  the standard choice is between white or black.  oxblood red is an exclusive limited edition color, and is only available to those who pledged for it during the campaign; you can change from red to white or black, but not the other way.
kismt, the power adapters are universal in voltage (110v-240v), but the electrical plugs differ by region (us, eu, uk). for the 2x twin pack, please order a twin pack.  at the end of the campaign, you'll receive a survey that will allow you to increase the number of units, and make any color changes.  we will honor all of the pledge levels that you made during the campaign.
1: does the us power adapter support 110-220v? 2: i need 4 units, (2x twin pack) how can i make that happen?
robert, thanks for your comments and support.  we're making it a priority to minimize the impact on your bandwidth.  future software enhancements will detect if the spectrum environment around your portal isn't changing much over time, and we'll adaptively throttle back the cloud refresh rate to say something like maybe twice a day.  i think this will be helpful for rural environments like where you live.
hi francis, yes, portal allows a single common ssid to be assigned to both 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands; this is actually the default configuration.  we also allow you to operate the two bands on separate ssid if you'd prefer.
hi david, the us/canada and european hardware are actually identical.  the only physical difference is the power adapter that is supplied, and the labeling on the box and on the underside of portal itself; the us/canada label will indicate compliance with the fcc and industry canada and ul certification whereas the european model will indicate compliance with etsi and ce certifications. likewise the performance and speed are pretty much identical; i say pretty much because the us/canada and european operating regulations are slightly different with regards to transmitter output power.  portal has built-in intelligence that autonomously detects what region you're operating in and adjust the transmitter power appropriately to meet your regions particular limits. you are right that europe has less operating spectrum than n. america; roughly 120mhz less.  in theory this could impact portal's performance by limiting it's operating frequency.  however, in practice portal's unique fastlanes (dfs spectrum) technology adds so much additional spectrum that a difference of just 120mhz will be hardly noticeable.  the extra 120mhz in n. america is called "un-ii-3 band" and is quite crowded already (this is one of the 3 bands that conventional tri-band routers use), so it wasn't one that portal would have relied much on anyways; where possible portal uses dfs bands that are uncrowded and enable higher output power.
@ creator   i just want to ask will this support smart connect? like in triband routers where as you can use one ssid to connect on neither 2.4 or 5 ghz band.
great responses @creator. your replies give me confidence in your product and i'm glad i got rid of my nighthawk in favor of the portal. keep up the great work!
hey @creator. i'm curious to understand the difference between your us and european hardware. you are very clear that fcc regs allow you to use more channels than usual but how does that apply in europe ? what will be the practical difference in speed between a us and european model, in,for example your congested city centre 50odd ssid visible situation. i take it considerably slower in europe because you have fewer channels ? and is it even as simple as 'europe' or are there variations per country? thanks and cool kick-starter
per your response to radoslaw, "i have a fairly typical internet service of about 50 mbps which is pretty average and maybe even on the light side these days.".  everyone is not as lucky as you are in having a good fast connection to the internet.  my connection is 4mbps down and 1 up. yes that is four, i didn't forget a zero.  that is the fastest, non data capped, connection available to me.  so your 1/10th of 1% data usage is not valid in my situation.   the good part of my situation is that i live in a rural area, my closest neighbor is 50 yards from me.  i am not complaining, just pointing out that you somewhat trivialized the impact of the data usage.  keep up the good work, i am looking forward to receiving the portal.
levy, the bluetooth 5 standard should be released shortly, and chips that support it should be available within a year or so. bluetooth 5 requires a more powerful radio with a lot more capabilities, so supporting it with portal would require a hardware change.
there was a recent announcement that bluetooth 5 will be available later this year. i do not expect portal to have it by for the ks delivery - my question is would that be ota upgrade or would that upgrade require a new design and chip?
sheri, in the us, the fcc has announced plans to make more of the radar spectrum available for wifi - provided that you have a device like portal to detect the radar and act as a dynamic frequency selection master that can ensure that wifi doesn't interfere when radar is present.  we designed portal with the fcc's plans in mind, but until they publish the official requirements, there is no way to guarantee it will just be a firmware upgrade. regarding connecting portal to your existing network: portal simply connects to one of your available ethernet ports and becomes an extension of your existing wifi network. this is the simplest and fastest way to install portal, and you'll still retain your old wifi with it's ssid, etc... portal will look like a new network with new ssid, etc... alternatively you can disable your old wifi and use portal as your sole network; there are good internet forums and even some youtube videos that show you how to do this. here's an old one for actiontec gateway and netgear router, but the concept is similar for any brand gateway and portal:http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23977/~/will-my-netgear-router-work-with-verizon-fios%3f
sajid, glad to hear that you care about the colors.  we hoped to make portal attractive enough that you wouldn't want to hide it behind a plant. having portal where you can see it really helps the radio performance.  it's difficult to provide too many color options this late in the process and not impact schedules. if your not getting an adequate rf signal using a single router, then yes using portals in a mesh configuration will work well.  but mesh has a downside, you sacrifice latency and bandwidth for range and coverage (also cost).  also, if your walls are make of stucco with wire, brick, stone, or contain a very large refrigerator, or  fish tank,  you might want to connect the portals together over ethernet cat-5e cable since rf has a tough time passing through these. portal is really well suited for mesh since it has very low latency and provides a lot more spectrum/bandwidth (about 3x better latency and 3x more bandwidth than most other routers). portal is unique vs other routers in its ability to continue to perform in environments where wifi is heavily used.  our rule of thumb is that if you can see 8 or more other wifi networks, then you should see real benefits from portal vs any other router. we have been asked about the nighthawk before, so here is a cut and paste: the nighthawk x8 ac5300 has very similar specs as portal. both have 4x4 802.11ac mu-     mimo, so if you live in the country with few neighbors (ie. no congestion) the flat-out speed and performance will be pretty much equal between the two. however, if you live downtown in an apartment or if your neighbor likes to bit torrent, then portal will outperform the nighthawk easily because of the additional spectrum and the dynamic traffic avoidance. look at our demo videos where we do a head-to-head speedtest versus a leading competitor. you'll see that in moderate congestion (a half dozen or so neighbors doing netflix), portal is able to cut thru the congestion to deliver higher speedtest and netflix performance.
in the how it works video. it mentioned currently there's 4 fastlanes and more to be added. will we get the additional fastlanes too even if it's added after we received the portal?
i'm don't know too much about how internet works. so i was thinking, if i connect the portal to my existing router to make an extension of the wifi, how will that be able to cut through traffic and avoid congestion?
will there be another color for twin packs besides black and white? some type of blue would be nice. also, will the mesh technology allow wifi signals to reach through out a home that is compartmentalized and not open concept? i have the netgear x6, how does portal compare?
sheri, yes you can used portal with fios. portal simply connects to one of your available ethernet ports and becomes an extension of your existing wifi network. this is the simplest and fastest way to install portal, and you'll still retain your old wifi with it's ssid, etc... portal will look like a new network with new ssid, etc... alternatively you can disable your old wifi and use portal as your sole network; there are good internet forums and even some youtube videos that show you how to do this. here's an old one for actiontec gateway and netgear router, but the concept is similar for any brand gateway and portal:http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23977/~/will-my-netgear-router-work-with-verizon-fios%3f
i meant to write verizon fios internet down there.
do you know if this will work with verizon duos internet service? i'm not sure if i can use use the internet service with anything other than the router that the isp provided.
@ignition design labs: your answers to radoslaw (whose fear looks legitimate to me, as more and more hardware and software editors abuse cloud functionalities to collect tons of data on us) are greatly detailed and justified. thanks a lot for this. i'm confident about your skills and your honesty. keep going on this way and you will skyrocket sales in stores after this project ends. if you succeed to achieve all these technological challenges in real world without loosing this state of mind (ie respect for your clients) you deserved the success your aiming at.. "in portal we trust." ;o)
@ignitiondesign, any updates that you can share with us?
usman, portal will become a dfs master for the entire network.  this will allow devices capable of using the additional channels (almost all devices for 802.11ac/n in the past 5 years) to have access.
movie, if your experiencing dos attacks you should ask your isp to setup a filter.  on portal you can disable icmp on the wan interface, but depending on the nature of the attack this may not always be successful.
thank you so such for your reply, it helped my understanding of your product but i have another question regarding the first way that i can use it in unison with my bt-hub. once connected via ethernet cable through the lan ports, will the wifi work as the bt-hub intends to or will the will it work how the portal makes use of wifi through the additional channels? thank you and i look forward to reading your reply.
how does portal protect from dos attacks, which are common with online gaming on the playstation network?
hi usman, portal will play nicely with your bt home hub 5, so you shouldn't need to replace it.  there are two ways that you can connect your new portal to your existing bt infinity internet service: (1) the easiest is to simply connect an ethernet cable from your bt-hub-5's lan port to portal's lan port.  you'll want to use a good quality gigabit ethernet cable (it'll have the words cat 5e or cat 6 printed on it).  portal will auto configure itself in "bridge mode" to extend your existing network.  this also gives you the opportunity to place your portal in a part of your home further away from you bt-hub-5 so you have extended coverage to eliminate any dead spots you may have. we suggest you put portal in the room where you use the most intensive internet applications.  if you don't want the bother of running ethernet cable to another room, you can also just put portal right next to (maybe a few feet away) from your bt-hub-5 and just use it in the same room. (2) a more sophisticated method is to disable the built-in wifi in your bt-hub-5 and replace it with portal.  you'll still need the built-in dsl or fiber optic modem in your bt-hub-5 so don't turn it all off; this is the bit that connects you to the internet thru bt infinity.   you'll have to look at your manual to figure out how to disable the wifi without disabling your broadband internet.  in this configuration, you will connect the ethernet cable from the lan port of your bt-hub-5 to the wan port of portal.  portal will auto configure itself as your new network. your bt-hub-5 isn't a bad router per se, and does have a fairly new 11ac radio, so configuration (2) may not be necessary and you may want to just stick with the easier configuration (1).  i suspect that your problem may be either (a) you have alot of neighbors crowded on the same channel you use and the interference is what is making your wifi suck (this is precisely the problem that portal was designed to solve); and/or (b) your bt-hub-5 is too far away from the rooms in which you want to you use your wifi, in which case running ethernet cabling may be a worthwhile diy project to undertake. hope this helps.  we'll be posting youtube tutorials shortly to teach you how to do both (1) and (2).
so i've got a few rather simple questions compared to many of these other ones which are rather technical. i'm currently running on a bt-hub 5 and recently have been having problems with my wifi on the first floor of my three bedroom house. will my current router be switched out completely by the portal and not being educated in such things, i wish to know if this product will be a one time payment sorts. any other information about the product would be appreciated as i'm currently wavering between getting it or not.
i meant "sincerely and respectfully" (i hate spellcheck). for clarification.  by anonymous traffic load statistical data, i mean a measurement of the surrounding wi-fi traffic in the environment around your portal, not your internet traffic.  again, we don't collect nor care about your internet traffic or usage.  we do care about how the volume of internet traffic that is being generated by your neighbors in the channels around your portal because that's how we know which is the best (least crowded and fastest) channels to steer your network to.
radoslaw - as to your question about our business model, we do not make any money on selling your personal information because we don't collect any personal information, nor do we make any money from selling your internet usage statistics. that is not our business, nor will this ever be our business. so what is our business model?   it is very simple.  we are building a better smarter router, and we believe that the market needs something better than is available today, and folks will pay with their hard-earned money for a better internet experience.  please take a look at our bio, the our "our story" video, and our linkedin profiles.  you'll notice that we are wireless and network engineers, and we've been building wifi and bluetooth devices for many of the iconic consumer electronics brands that you already know and love today; and we've been doing this as a team for more than 8 years.  we are exactly as we appear, nothing more than humble engineers who simply want to build a better internet experience for ourselves, our friends and our families. as to the cost of the cloud connections, we use amazon web services (aws) same as many other technology startup companies.  i'm not sure how much experience you have with building cloud-based services, but it is surprisingly inexpensive.  we pay roughly $0.12 (that's just twelve cents) per year per user to run the portal capabilities in the cloud.  even if we were to set aside just $1.20 from every portal sale for the cost of operating the cloud, we could do so for more than 10 years without breaking a sweat!  and i'm pretty sure you'll be replacing portal with something even better and newer well before 10 years. as to how much bandwidth will be consumed by the spectrum and anonymous traffic (statistical) data that we collect.  this data (which as i've stated before you can opt out) is about 200 to 300 kbits every minute or so in the beginning, and at steady state our radar detection and network optimization algorithms needs about 300 kbits only every half hour or so.  i have a fairly typical internet service of about 50 mbps which is pretty average and maybe even on the light side these days.  even at the most frequent computation rate, 300 kbits every minutes represents just 0.01% of my total internet capacity; hardly noticeable.  at steady state, it'll be more like 0.0003%.  put in perspective, if you have a nest thermostat it will use up between 5x and 10x more of your internet bandwidth than portal ever will....even at 10x, that's still just 1/10 of 1%, which is still very very modest.  and a nest thermostat already has, and is collecting more of your personal data than portal will ever need or collect.  btw:  i love my nest thermostat.  just saying. i hope this addresses your concerns about our business model; we are not a data-mining or digital advertising or search engine company.  we are just a bunch of engineers trying to build a better beautiful product.
thanks mike, thanks levy for all your support. radoslaw - i'm sorry that you feel this way.  sincerely and respectively, i believe you have a misunderstanding about how portal works.  i have stated categorically before, and i'll state it again here - we designed so that portal it does not need any cloud connection whatsoever for you to enjoy the basic functionality of portal.  without any cloud or even internet connection, you will still be able to use portal as a very fast wave-2 802.11ac mu-mimo 4-stream router that can stream with an aggregate throughput up to 2.4gbps (at $159, that's one of the fastest if not the fastest router can you buy today).  plus you'll get the basic multi-channel dfs (ie. fastlanes) technology that will let you enjoy all that super-fast wifi goodness in clean uncrowded channels.  and oh, you can configure your router "old school" because we left a webui interface that you can access over good-old ethernet... you don't need a smartphone or any registration to operate portal exactly the way that you do today with netgear, asus, dlink, tplink, whatever you're used to.  and i'll say it again, you don't need any cloud or internet connection at all to get all of this. having said that, we believe the vast majority of our backers (and customers) want a significantly better wireless internet experience than they're used to with today's technology.  if you want secure one-touch setup, remote configuration and control, or secure rolling code guest network, or active intrusion monitoring... these all require a smartphone or tablet which by definition are cloud-connected devices.  and if you want performance enhancements like active traffic avoidance and dynamic lane changing (load balancing... ie smartlanes technology) or eventually internet-of-things support such as homekit, weave, alexa (amazon echo) support (something that we are working on, and will eventually release in future software upgrades) then you will need support of our cloud because (a) by definition internet-of-things is a cloud capability; and (b) we need massive computational capability beyond what is inside portal itself to do things like traffic detection and dynamic network optimization calculations.  most of us use similar cloud functions like this every day, such as maps and navigation, search engines, siri and alexa, nest thermostat, periscope, etc.. without any fear or hesitation because we value such functionalities in our lives.   i'll say it again here, if you do not like these functionalities, we don't force you to accept anything that you're uncomfortable with.  we give you the ability to easily disable all of the cloud features. now for those of our friends and backers who trust us to deliver these very advanced "cloud-facilitated" capabilities, let me assure you that your trust is not misplaced.  (a) we do not collect any personal or internet usage information.  the only information that portal collects is spectrum and anonymous traffic loading (ie. statistical, non-user marked) information; (b) where "personalized" information is needed for the one-touch setup and pairing portal to your smartphone, or guest networking capability, etc... we try to avoid asking for or keeping "personal" information.  you'll see that we leverage facebook tokens for authentication which are effectively anonymous to us (you've already given your personal information to facebook and they keep it, not us).  in short, we know you only by your facebook handle and nothing else.  if you don't have a facebook account, you can use an anonymous or made-up email address... we don't care and we don't check.  we only need a "handle" to personalize your experience.  personalize not collect personal information. i don't know if this assures you or not (i do sincerely hope it does), but either way i want it kept in the public record here that we are trying to good in the world, we will strive to do good by our backers who believe in us, and above all else we make every effort to "do no evil".   thanks again to all our friends and backers.
how will the fcc's approval and subsequent rollout/wide spread usage of tlps (terrestrial low power service) provided by globalstar (nyse:gsat) affect portals wifi services/capabilities?
thanks mike...
what's this cloud stuff he's going on about in the below comment?? lol
@radoslaw stachowiak, don't let the door hit you in the butt on the way out.  i have no reason to believe your interpretation that they will use the cloud to spy on us.  if you actually believe that, you don't belong here any way.  put your tinfoil hat on and go hide in a corner somewhere.
jel, portal is based on openwrt.
john, a the end of the campaign you will receive a survey from backerkit that will allow you to increase the number of portal you'd like.  we will honor you existing pledge level rewards. thanks for being an early supporter.
georg, ieee 802.11ac devices have been designed to operate in the 5ghz spectrum,  but to avoid the radar channels unless they see a dynamic frequency selection master is present.  portal acts as a dfs master and provides the radar detection that control to allow these devices to use the additional channels.
eric, nothing special is required for your mobile devices to work with portal.  devices that can operate in the 5ghz spectrum (802.11ac and some 802.11n) will listen for the presence of a dynamic frequency selection master.  portal acts as a dfs master and uses standard wifi protocols to tell mobile devices what channels to use.
dear idl, i appreciate your fast and plenty answers. it's a great you communicate with us and thank you for it. unfortunately after thorough analysis, my and my fellow backers questions i decide to cancel my backing the project. i do it because you try to move critical router functionality to a cloud, without engineering justification. this move (cloud decision) is for your benefit (access to information about us), users (read us) lock in while you (untruly) present it under engineering needs. one word? consumer lock-in. i and others here raised concerns about it, and did not get (engineering quality) reply. to repeat them: as an engineer: i challenge you to justify it on technical level (but please, no buzzwords. rfc and stuff accepted ) assumptions: you sell 1mln of devices, half of them is powered on constantly and cloud enabled and are phoning home (your description), asking you to do "cloud mumbo jumbo about supertubersmart decissions" - lets assume it's just sending 1kb of data (*) out, and 1kb in, every 10sec (which is needed because this thing is about live band allocation, it can't be about devices present two hours ago). so its 12kb every minute * 500k devices = 6 gb per seconds. questions & concerns: a* who will pay for this pipe on your side? please :) dont tell me (and you later did: it's simply impossible) it's in a price of portal - you're not able to cover 4 years cost of aws with 200 usd price - what about constant staff needs, support etc. it people are ultra coslty :) b* so maybe it will require some service with recurrent payment later? sounds fishy :( c* so maybe we will get eula for cloud, that we agree you can collect, process and use this date. i bet you will try this. d* i dont and dont agree that you use constantly my bandwidth. this stream is not small. i dont agree to it. e* and now an engineering killer (leaving all previous aside): what is so special in your cloud to be able decide on just 1kb of data and send it back to device, while at the same time that your powerfull cpu (you put memory and hz specs in previous messages) in portal can not do same? there is no such thing.there is no such magic. it's only there to create consumer lock-in. hereby,  i resign :( p.s. the moment you remove cloud functionality while leaving functions on the portal itself, i'm back. and yes, this is possible, although much less profitable to you in long run, and i don't agree to use of engineering explanations to business (read: money) needs.
awesome, thanks for the response. i was really disappointed in the nighthawk, and as long as the portal can deliver the full speeds of my 10/100 plan (or possibly more?!), then i'll be completely satisfied with the portal! one last question: does the portal use open source dd-wrt, or dies it have its own proprietary software? i've always wanted to try it over the netgear software... thanks!
@georg kaefer: +1 ! i would like to see a comparison with this router too and i have the same question for the non-mimo devices.
i am a super early adopter and only pledged for 1 portal. i have been looking at it and 2 might fit my needs better. i don't want to lose my super early status. am i going to have to wait until later when they are available commercially or is there another option to purchase a 2nd one?
georg, from what i understand they are not new frequencies, just additional 5ghz channels that are only used for weather radars. most newer devices can use any channel within the 5ghz frequency, but current routers on the market only use a small portion of them.
how can my devices use "4 new uncrowded fastlanes™ radio bands" if they are normal ac devices? the dont know the new frequences...
i've to questions: 1. can you compare the portal and the asus rt-ac5300 ? 2. if i use portal and my other wireless devies dont suport mu-mimo, how can the speed / throuput / datarate be better?
hi ! does portal router require specially compatible devices like phones or laptops or it is regular wifi-n that any devices can connect to ? just making sure my things will be compatible... thanks !
as for me - i'll wait for your implementation - that answers my poorly phrased question.
ldo oren, yes, putting portal on the 2nd floor connected by ethernet to your router on the 1st floor will definitely solve your 2nd floor coverage problem.   this is the best configuration for networks that need to span two or more floors.
i planned to place portal in my room on the 2nd floor and connect it to ethernet port that comes to my room through the router on the 1st floor.  is it a good solution to fix my problem?
jel, yes, portal has one 5ghz network and one 2.4ghz network. the key to tri-band is not just that there are two 5ghz networks, but that they have to each operate in non-overlapping channels.  for instance, if you simply installed two dual-band routers you won't double your capacity, you'll actually halve your capacity (or worse) because the two routers will actually be interfering with each cause they're both on the same or overlapping channels.  the nighthawk tri-band router that you returned has two 5ghz radios inside that are hard-wired to operate in two widely separated 5ghz channels, one called the lower 5g band (also known as unii-1) and the other called the upper 5g band (also known as unii-3).  the problem with the nighthawk is that these two channels are both non-dfs meaning they are typically very crowded and suffer from congestion. portal uses uncrowded fastlanes (dfs) channels; there are 4 individual non-overlapping channels plus the 2 ordinary non-dfs channels (ie. the ones that the nighthawk uses) which gives you a total of 6 distinct channels over which you can spread out.  in theory, you could build a network spanning up to 7 channels or "hepta-band".  the key to portal's multi-band capability is that daisy-chained portals coordinate with each other to each select non-overlapping channels.  two portals give you tri-band and three portals give you quad-band, and so on.
levy and hlide, portal uses bluetooth 4.2 (low energy, also called "smart"), same as the cassia hub.  however, i believe that cassia employs a special antenna and proprietary tweaks to their bt stack that gives it the extra range.  portal uses an ordinary standard-sized antenna for bt and standard bt-sig approved software stack, so we're not able to achieve the same impressive range as cassia.  our plus though is that we're 100% compatible with all bt devices.  don't know for sure, but i've heard that the proprietary tweaks in cassia may potentially cause some interoperability issues with certain off-the-shelf bt devices.  are you using the cassia hub with other cassia devices like their plug or light bulbs? or with off-the-shelf home automation devices? while we cannot reproduce the same flat out range performance of cassia's proprietary bt, we are using a csr (now qualcomm) bt4.2 chipset which will enable us in future to release bt mesh iot networking as a future sw upgrade.  with the right ecosystem of bt mesh-capable devices, it's possible to achieve the same overall in-home coverage.  i've seen demos of this at ces and computex and it is quite impressive.
cody, yes, you are correct.  if you are daisy-chaining two or more portals using our adaptive mesh capability you will not enjoy the double capacity; that's because of how mesh works, it needs to use a common channel between nodes (ie. the meshed portals).  you'll notice in the "grandma" video that we mention that mesh creates it's own interference; think of this as the cost of not having to use cable. yes, for best coverage we recommend a portal on each floor, and ideally daisy-chained using ethernet cable (if you possible).  this will give you double the range and coverage, as well as double the capacity.  btw:  if you daisy-chain 3 portals over ethernet, you will triple the capacity, and 4 portals will quadruple, etc...  you can do this with up to 6 portals because that's how many non-overlapping channels there are in the combined 5ghz (dfs and non-dfs) band, and all 6 portals will coordinate with each other to pick non-overlapping channels.... we like to call this super hepta-band!  we're going to be introducing special software in the future that will allow large installations with 5-6 portals for small offices, cafes, etc...
mike, if you're using the wemo led lights, they are indeed zigbee.  the wemo link controller is a zigbee to 2.4ghz bridge that connects those lights to your wifi network.  because the wemo link is 2.4ghz only, you'll need to have a 2.4ghz network enabled to continue to control your lights.  fortunately, portal is dual-band dual-concurrent meaning that it has both a 2.4ghz and 5ghz network.  there is no interference between 2.4ghz and 5ghz, so there should be no compromise in performance to have both enabled.  there are still alot of legacy devices around that only understand 802.11g or 11n, so as a general rule it's recommended you keep both band enabled; again, no performance cost in doing so. i've looked around, and unfortunately i can't find any 5ghz home control solutions either.  i'm sure there will be some in the future, but for now they all seem to be 2.4ghz only.
mike, you should check with wemo on their recommendations.  however, it is becoming typical for most of us to use a dual band router.  where 2.4ghz is used for legacy devices and 5ghz is used for higher performance applications.  portal is able to automatically move devices capable of operating at 5ghz out of the crowded 2.4ghz bands when they need more performance.
ido, sorry for the delay, and tbe following overly complex explanation that  portal will fix your issues- but we're not sure if you need 1 or 2. there can be a couple of causes for the poor performance that you're experiencing on the second floor; the rf signal strength may be too low to carry much information, or the frequency bands that you are using might be congested from interference and traffic from neighboring wifi networks. there are a number of free tools that will let you use your mobile device to measure the signal strength and give an indication of congestion.  check the app store for wifi analyzer free for your smartphone, or https://www.acrylicwifi.com/en/ for your windows notebook pc. if you detect less than -67dbm of signal strength on the second floor, you should consider and extender to increase the signal strength.  we recommend that you get one that one supports both 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands - or you can buy a second portal. mobile device based wifi analyzers can't tell you how exactly how congested your network is. but another rule of thumb is that if you can see 8 or more other wifi networks, you are likely to have enough congestion to see real value in portal. if you have a reasonable signal strength (>-67dbm) on the second floor and can detect 8 or more wifi networks, a single portal should provide you a reasonable data rate.  if the signal strength is very low (<-67dbm) then your likely to need an extender or a second portal. hope this help.
a big hey from vancouver. wow you answered my question in spades. thank you so much i love learning about this kind of stuff. well articulated and you even had questions i've had through reading through your responses to other people. thank you for the examples at the end too. i'm assuming that if you mesh the together the 2nd router simple acts as an extender then and you don't get the doubled capacity and the "quad" band functionality? for best coverage would you recommend doing say 1 router on my upstairs and 1 router connected through ethernet directly below it downstairs (my modem input is upstairs). thanks
the netgear nighthawk i returned was considered triband because it had 1 2.5 ghz and 2 5.0 ghz channels. does the portal only have 1 of each? but i also understand that with your tech, it reduces interference by using all "6 lanes" in the highway.
hi cody.  shout-out to all our friends and backers from vancouver, my hometown. one portal has a total maximum "capacity" of about 2.3gbps split between 1733 mbps in 5ghz and 600 mbps in 2.4ghz.  now that's the phy or over-the-air rate, so it's not exactly the rate that you're client devices can actually use, which is called the tcp/ip rate; the conversion is roughly 50-60%.  so the maximum useable "capacity" of one portal is more like 1.4gbps split as 1000 mbps in 5ghz and 360 mbps in 2.4ghz.   btw:  this is the same calculation for all wifi routers and devices, you need to de-rate the number on the box to 50-60% to get the actual useable internet data rate. daisy-chaining two portals over ethernet will give you two simultaneous 5ghz networks (operating on non-overlapping channels) and two simultaneous 2.4ghz networks.  this is what is commonly called a tri-band setup, although in our case it could be technically claimed that we are actually have a quad-band setup with two 2.4ghz.  the phy capacity is thus 4.8 gbps and the useable tcp/ip rate will be 2.4 gbps. you'll notice that i used the word "capacity" rather than speed.  that's because these numbers are the theoretical maximum speed if (a) all your devices were placed within 5 feet of the router; and (b) we measured all your devices individually then added them together.   the actual speed you'll get is actually a function of distance (which we call range or coverage), congestion, and the actual capacity of your device.  of course portal steers around congestion so it isn't affected by your neighbors (that's our magic), and i'll leave the topic of rate versus range for another post.  for now, let's look at your devices.  if you're using an iphone 6, your maximum speed is going to be limited by the fact that it's only got a 1x1 wifi radio, which is only about 259 mbps at close range.  if you've got an ipad air2, then you've got a 2x2 wifi radio inside and the max speed will be about 520 mbps.  the fastest device on the shelf today is a macbook pro retina 13" or 15", they have a 3x3 wifi radio, so they can do max speed of 780 mbps at close range. sorry the explanation is a bit long-winded, but hope this thoroughly answers your question.
so whats the maximum speed we could see from 1 and 2 portal setups?. we have options where i live for some very fast internet up to 250 down everywhere and areas that have options for multiple gigabit internet providers (vancouver, bc). i'm thinking of upgrading shortly to around a 120 down plan and 10 up.
can anyone answer the following question about wemo?  i have a few wemo lights in my apartment with a plug-in controller that uses wifi.  i turned off 2.4ghz on my router yesterday trying to improve performance at 5ghz.  however, after i did that, my wemo lights stopped working until i turned 2.4ghz back on. is there a way to control my wemo devices over the 5ghz band instead of 2.4?  if so, will i need to purchase a different controller?  if not, are there any competing home control solutions that use 5ghz?  i don't want to have to use the 2.4ghz band after i get my portal if i don't have to. btw, during my troubleshooting, i discovered that wemo uses zigbee.  i apologize for the uninformed comment i made previously regarding zigbee.
can you answer my question?
@creator or was levy rivers asking for the same range of distance as cassia (1000 ft) for portal? i have no idea how far portal can carry the signal.
@creator perhaps was levy rivers asking for a bluetooth extender addition which has the same range of distance as portal? mainly, whether portal may handle bluetooth network as well.
i thought that somehow cassia hub was something different... so my suggestion that portal could implement an add-on was an uninformed. do you know of a method to have the effect of a cassia within a good fit with portal?
levy, i believe that the cassia hub is a bluetooth extender that works to 1000ft.  since bluetooth and wifi both share the 2.4ghz band the cassia hub will prove a major source of interference for you and everyone else within 1000ft.  if your neighbor is using one to stream music to his bt speaker, 2.4ghz will get congested, and you should move your wifi devices to 5ghz if possible. portal can definitely help out if one of these bt extender hubs is around mindlessly polluting 2.4ghz, by avoiding its traffic/interference.  but i'm not certain what you're referring to when you say make it an add on?
jel, tri-band is a confusing term as it does not always mean they same thing. sometimes it means that you can operate on 2.4ghz, 5ghz unii-1 band, and 5ghz unii-3 band, and sometimes it means you can operate on 3 channels simultaneously. . portal operated on 2.4ghz, and anywhere in the entire 5ghz band (unii-1/2/2e/3) at the same time.  by adding more portals you can operate on more channels simultaneously. portal can saturate a 10/100mbps link depending on the distance to the mobile devices, and their speeds.
i pledged for portal because i live in a two floors house and i have problem with my signal around the 2nd floor (router is in the 1st). will portal fix my problem if i'll connect it to ethernet port on my room or i should get range extender?
(spell correct does it again) cassia network. com (no spaces between words
i remembered a comment that was made regarding bluetooth - i came across cassia (caspiannetworks.com) that's a bluetooth router with the latest version 4.2 permitting internet connection & i was wondering if this was a possible add on to the portal?
correction, the returned nighthawk looked like a poorly designed decepticon spider. my old netgear router looks like an upright book, which is actually quite a thoughtful design... i think it's the n900.
great answer to @ecogrl's question! i was actually thinking the same thing about the netgear triband nighthawk. so, are you saying that in order to get triband on the portal, you have to purchase a 2nd portal? also, just fyi, i returned the nighthawk i just bought from costco because it didn't really offer speeds better than my older netgear router that looks like a poorly designed decepticon spider. it had the 6 ugly and adjustable antennas on top. ugh. all that it offered over my older router was the triband feature but it still wasn't any better in terms of speed. here's my 2nd question: how close to the limit of my 100 mbps down/10 mbps upload internet plan will the portal come? i just upgraded from a 50/5 plan where my old router actually gave me 63/6 mbps. when i upgraded to 100/10 i was disappointed that my router gave me more like 90/10 instead of the boost of nearly 10 mbps on my old plan. i suspect it was actually my motorola modem that allowed me to get greater speeds than the one i used to rent, but i'm hoping that the portal will perhaps allow me to exceed my plan, as was the case with my old plan.
@creator i appreciate it how active you are here in the comments! wish you all the best during and after the campaign!
ecogrl, the nighthawk x6 is an excellent router under optimal conditions. the nighthawk x8 is even better and their latest and greatest. how do they compare to portal?  it depends on where you live and who your neighbors are. the nighthawk x8 ac5300 has very similar specs as portal. both have 4x4 802.11ac mu-mimo, so if you live in the country with few neighbors (ie. no congestion) the flat-out speed and performance will be pretty much equal between the two. however, if you live somewhere where you have 8 or more neighboring wifi networks, or if one or two of your neighbors likes to bit torrent, then portal will outperform the nighthawk easily.  this is because of the additional spectrum and the dynamic traffic avoidance. look at our demo videos where we do a head-to-head speedtest versus ordinary  state-of-the-art retail routers (essentially the same as the x8 ac5300 but with just one 4x4 radio instead of the dual 4x4). you'll see that in moderate congestion (a half dozen or so neighbors doing netflix), portal is able to cut thru the congestion to deliver higher speedtest and netflix performance. btw: the nighthawk x8 is a tri-band router meaning that it has dual 4x4 radios operating two simultaneous networks (one in upper 5ghz and one in lower 5ghz band, both non-dfs). the purpose of this configuration is to offload your kid's internet activity or pesky guest's internet habits from your personal traffic; it's a technique called load balancing. it's a real beast of a router and great for if you're a gamer with lots of gamer friends who like to visit, or you got kids who like to bit torrent. portal also a has a tri-band mode, you simply connect two portals together with gigabit ethernet, and the two portals will self-configure onto two separate dfs channels. besides performance in the real-world, portal has exceptional integration with smartphones that make a lot of the complexity of a modern high-performance router very simple and intuitive.
how does portal compare against the latest and greatest three band routers?  i think i saw something like this asked a ways back.  some members of my family have invested in the new netgear nighthawk x6, and i'd like to know how it compares, as well as how it would integrate with portal.
kit, portal supports hidden ssid.  personally, i'm a bigger believer in more secure passwords and using the smartphone app to support enhanced security. you might be interested in this description of networking cloaking https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/network_cloaking
cedric, we will be making an sdk and apis available in the future.  we are fans of both wifi and bluetooth apis because they are on 100% of smartphones. smartphones are the right device to make home networking and home automation simple and reduce my task of generating documentation.  portal will provide notifications / alerts on most of the things you asked about.  i'll talk to the guys about the others.
is it possible to hide the ssid - so that only the people who need to know can connect to the network?
@creator thanks for your reply. are you considering to produce proper documentation (a quick start guide bu also a user guide for advanced users)? do you think to deliver the portal with an api? do you think that portal can act as the gateway described in this white paper https://www.bluetooth.org/docman/handlers/downloaddoc.ashx… ? and finally, are you ready to share examples how to implement some use-cases? i will be grateful to know if it is possible to implement the following scenario and if yes some guidelines for doing it: when a new device is connected to get a notification by email: " hello bob is home. 5 mobile phones are now connected to the network." and when the bob's cellphone is out of range to receive: " hello bob is away. 4 mobile phones are now connected to the network."
any potential updates now that you have surpassed 300%?
bryan, portal is a really good 802.11ac wifi router that is simple to use and easy to extend.  but its in  congested areas it really adds value.  if your looking to upgrade you existing 802.11n router portal is a good option.  if you see more than about 8 other wifi networks from your home then portal is by far your best option.
cédric portal does include bluetooth.  we use this for secure limited range communications with mobile devices as part of the one-touch setup process. bluetooth is also pretty universal on mobile devices (along with wifi) so we are planning on making it more generally available in the future, as part of our portal sdk. poe is a popular request and high on our list of things for consideration in a different version of portal.
levy, 3 portals can be connected wirelessly, over ethernet, or a combination. you create a gateway portal + bridge portal (lan to gateway portal lan) + mesh portal portal automatically detects whether the extender portal is connected to the gateway portal through lan or mesh when powered up.
i live rurally , will it make any difference or only works with other routers around ? you have probably answered his before so sorry but wondering want kind of value for money it is if we have no crowds anyway?
i would love also to plug my poe ip cameras on portal without additional cable if possible...
i didn't look carefully but it seems that bluetooth connectivity is included. therefore, my scenario seem to be possible, am i right? it just remain only to know if it is easy or not to implement them...
i support patrick views and i hope that portal can include some features for home automation. let's be practical. my situation is of sure personal but it is a good example. i have currently in place a solution based on z-wave. my z-wave controller can control many devices if they are z-wave compliant or by ip otherwise) using a single interface. i participated also recently on ks campaign for fluxo. it is a lamp that can be controlled over bluetooth le. it means that i need now to create a bridge between this lamp and my zwave network. do you think this connection can be achieved by portal without having to add an additional hub? another idea would be to be able to arm/disarm the alarm depending of the number of connected mobile phones (based on their mac addresses). do you think feasible to store somewhere in the portal an url and to report the number of connected devices? i am sure the overall demand for home automation is growing on the market and it will be a good operation for portal to offer a way of connecting smart devices.
if i purchase 3 units - can i daisy chain 2 and mesh connect the third?
@creator exactly ! a good web gui is the basic operation.  having an advanced one is "normal" but not in the case of controlling and editing your smart devices.  will you make a zigbee/z-wave add-on in the future?
levy, all of your concerns are very valid. our greatest worry in scaling to a real consumer facing company is support. if you look at the our story portion of the project page, you'll see that our team has been together for many years designing and supporting routers.  they understand the process and procedures needed to deliver quality fw.  but process and procedures are secondary, culture is primary. for this reason, there are no plans to outsource any of our support functions, and we are extremely diligent on hiring.  our customer-centric culture is too difficult to outsource.
kristopher, it depends in the environment.  we sometimes demonstrate portal screen mirroring in congested environments.  if you run a freeware tool like wifi analyzer or acrylic wi-fi you can get an idea how crowded your 2.4ghz and 5ghz spectrum is.
patrick, a good web gui is a basic requirement.   91 percent of adults keep their smartphones within arm’s reach 24/7 is a fun fact.   no reason that networking and home automation can't be more fun and less basic.
sven, our view is that consumers don't want to pay subscription fees, and if you sell their personal information to advertisers they will eventually disconnect you. our business model is to make money selling portal, not on mining your personal information or tracking what internet sites your visiting.  our privacy policy prohibits this, and portal can't actually do it.  portal only communicates information about spectrum usage (congestion, interference, and radar detection) to the cloud.  we do this only to keep the cost of portal low. effectively manage traffic flows, and spectrum optimization requires a decent amount of processing power and memory. to avoid burdening each portal with the expense of faster cpu and larger memory, we use the cloud.  aws and other public cloud services offer nearly unlimited processing power and memory at a reasonable cost.  by slicing the problem over time, we can support a large number of portals per vm/container.  plus the cloud gives us a really good development environment. we assume a 4 year replacement cycle on our cost analysts using the cloud.  if you keep your portal longer than 4 years we don't make as much $.  so we need to up our innovation to get you to replace it, or use the cloud more efficiently to cut our costs, or provide cool new capabilities for home networking and automation.
has portal been tested with screen mirroring? i use this feature fairly often but my current setup lags quite a bit from the tab screen and can be quite jittery. no smoothness at all really. will portal help this in any way?
you've spoke about where the portal starts, now tell us more about where you want it to be after the first year it is delivered to ks community - how will you handle customer service - updating firmware - returns and life of the product (including "subscription or not) once it's in our hands and the ongoing cost associated with the customer service goal aimed for?
@sven  i, too, would love to hear about that. @rudd  i agree with you regarding half finished z devices but with an integrated one in the router, means it could be done properly since it would possess the hardware capability and software support (portal web gui).  a nice web gui for the portal and smart devices is not so different since it would communicate one into another.  if they can create the "perfect" router, they can easily manage some open apis and create an add-on hardware (or into the circuit board). let's face it, a "smart" hub is basically a "router" that communicates with devices.  they could always add the hardware part and when the campaign is finish, work into the software part. why do you want to use multiple hubs/bridges/routers for everything you have ? a good router with good software capabilities is all needed and works even better.  i understand, it's easier to setup and get it working "fine".
@kit - based on what i've read thus far it would seem that there is currently no subscription model in place for portal - that the only cost to you is the cost of the device.  this causes me concern as i'm unaware of any iaas that isn't subscription based (that is, unless they acquire revenue through the sale of mined data and/or advertising - something radoslaw addressed in his original concern a few weeks ago).
i'm confused - if i pledged for this product -- does it also mean i have to pay subscription to the cloud ????????
20+ year it vet here (technologist, developer, network admin). i normally don't comment on campaigns i support because i tire quickly of the imbecilic behaviour of most communities, but i'm breaking my rule because i have some questions regarding portal's sustainability. the issue was raised by a commenter back on may 15th (radoslaw stachowiak) who expressed concerns regarding portal's cloud processing and, while idl only marginally addressed the issue of which data it was sending home, it failed to address another question the commenter raised.  i'm resurrecting the issue because i've spent the last two weeks thinking about it and i think his(?) concerns about "pipe" are valid. idl is a young start-up (and i truly enjoy supporting good start-ups) which means that it most likely must rely on third party iaas to support the cloud processing of portal (unless they've somehow managed to fund and build their own datacenter since the company's founding in 2015).  this means financing for idl's iaas has to come from some kind of sustainable revenue model once the current funding runs out. hence... how will idl scale with the demand for cloud processing without ongoing subscription payments from its customers?  many hardware markets are low-margin and cloud services represent recurring costs; so how does paying $150 for my portal finance ongoing years of service for the device in light of the costs associated with operating international offices, a 5000 unit research laboratory, salaries, certification costs, etc.? a kickstarter campaign means you're asking for our help.  i sincerely want to help because i find the idea of portal compelling; but as much as i respect the fact that idl can't be up front about everything, it would serve to build confidence in the kickstarting community to have this matter adequately addressed. thanks for your time.
@rudd g, +1. this is basically what i was getting at with my post a few days ago.  i don't want to see a bunch of whizz-bang extras added during the campaign.  i just want what was offered in the original campaign pitch with rock-solid reliability.
good point.   rudd g.
please don't put zigbee or z-wave in this.  i have a bunch of home automation running both zigbee and z-wave and have used a half dozen different controllers for automation.  most of them are garbage with numerous bugs and compatibility issues.  adding this support will just detract from your main product, a wifi router.  focus on this and get the software and feature set ready for launch. i'd rather not see another half-assed zigbee/z-wave controller.
@creator what's power is driving the aerials. in the uk the max power we can use is. at 5ghz band a is 200mw band b is 1000mw band c is 4000mw but need a license
i agree with patrick. adding usb3, bluetooth and z-wave would be an asset for portal. requests for home automation will increase more and more and it is essential to include all these elements in the box for having a box ready for all possible scenarios...
benz, portal broadcasts a beacon signal in the channel that it's selected, and your client device (ie. smartphone, tablet, pc, etc..) looks for this beacon and follows it to the selected channel.  that's a standard part of the 802.11 specification, so all wifi client devices know how to do this.  in the case of portal, it will select an empty uncrowded fastlanes (dfs) channel, and your client device will automatically follow it there.
hi, how would the devices connected to portal know which channel to use? like, would the general devices that support 5ghz frequency be able to send information in these specified spectrum?
1) how much progress have you made to getting authorization to have one made for asia, specifically japan? 2) is it possible for us to get multiple routers, but for different countries, like north america, europe, and/or asia if asia becomes a possibility. i ask this because i move around a lot.
@creator please do add an add-on !! i think it's primordial and would gladly pay for it.
cody, at the end of the campaign, you will receive a backerkit survey that will allow you to make changes to the number of portals, and their available color options.  we will honor the pledge levels and all commitments made during the campaign. thanks again for your support!
patrick, we have thought a lot about adding zigbee, z-wave, thread, weave, and brillo. these fit into our architecture, but we are not seeing the client devices develop enough to justify the cost adder.  but an add on module might make the most sense.  we appreciate your  input for consideration.
zachary, 2) portal uses the channel spacings and assignments defined by 802.11.  the simplest way to avoid interference from overlapping channels is to avoid having overlapping channels.  portal has a dedicated spectrum analyzer that continually monitors interference and channel usage.  portal also assigns devices to channels to avoid co-channel and adjacent channel interference where possible.we will try to publish something in more detail than the simplified graphics that you mentioned shortly as a whitepaper on www.getportal.io 3) network address translation (nat)  is a means of hiding internal network node addresses from outside eyes.  i look to see where we claim that it is a firewall.  portal uses openwrt and here is more about how this all works  https://wiki.openwrt.org/doc/uci/firewall
zachary, 1) portal uses mixed polarization in its antenna arrays to improve range. 2)
debra, retail pricing has not been set for portal.
wei choon, yes, you can use one ssid for all bands and portals in a mesh.
thiago, you don't need to worry about portal's distance from airports.  the radar located at any specific airports use only a small portion of the  total spectrum for all radars.  when the airport's radar is detected, portal simply reassigns devices to another portion of the total spectrum that is free of radar use.
if we are backed on a limited red edition but might want 2 routers. will we have an option after the campaign is over in the backer kit to add a 2nd router?
@mike adding a few circuit boards or modifying the one they already have for zigbee/zwave is not that big of a deal. especially if they start now, it wouldn't add too much time for the project.  perhaps they can include an add-on like device for those who want it ? like a plug'n'play ? you might not want home automation for your home but a lot of us do want that and with a better solution than what we already have (vera/smartthings/...) so having a router with home automation integration is far from being "too much" especially if you are going to keep your router for 2/3 years. you may not need it today but you might need some day and having that option is a very big plus ! for us, customers, and for the creators (more money for them). and to be honest, it's good to have color option but we are way past that (funding goal).  if i were to choose between beautiful color and awesome integration, i would choose integration without a heartbeat and a lot of us would think the same.
@creator or @all who know will this work with telus??
nice thought, but isn't the zigbee one of those arduino shields or something? yeah, no.  i don't want to see any stretch goals that might slow down fulfillment just to satisfy a few people.
@creator since your funding goal has skyrocketed, can we please have a z-wave/zigbee support ? i think a lot of people will love to have that support.  no more hassle with a smartthings hub that do not work or delays due to interference/bad coverage. also, i've changed my pledge for a twin pack from a limited red europe but didn't receive any answer from you if i could choose the red color as you said already in the comments below ?
wireless network technician here. 1) are you using mixed antenna polarization? 2) please explain to the general public the concept of "channel overlap", as well as how you're somehow managing to avoid the interference associated with making use of closely overlapping channels. if you're relying on raw speed to try ignore this, fine, but please say so. you've got a nifty graphic on the campaign page that doesn't explain the relationship between channel width, interference, and assumed loss. i'm not saying that your theoretical speeds aren't real, but it appears that you're relying on 802.11ac/n speeds to not have fully explain how channel overlap works to your backers. 3) this is my only true criticism that can't be explained away. nat is not a "firewall technology". i'm assuming somebody with some marketing skill tried to simplify that for laypersons, but it is not correct. please make a relatively minor edit to your campaign page to correct that.
what will portal retail for after kickstarter campaign?
@portal - thanks for the reply - but what you said is exactly what i already have been doing (disabling the wi-fi portion on the fios router and using my own ap) for years now. :)   my question was more about if portal will allow me to use the same ssid for both the 2.4 and 5 ghz bands in a mesh environment for greater coverage?
hi how far do we have to be from the airport to able to use the fastlanes.
hey there, can i check what the plan is with all of the funding. it's not clear if you are pushing for stretch goals or focused on just getting the product out. given some stretch goals can end up risking the project would be eager to find out your thoughts on this.
levy, portal excels when you are in a congested environment (8 or more other neighboring wifi networks).  portal makes a major difference in these environments vs any other router, because it is smart enough to sense congestion, and can offer more spectrum (channels) to move traffic around the congestion. almond is a 2.4ghz only extender, and has "universal compatibility", when used as an extender.  the 2.4ghz spectrum is limited to 3 non-overlapping 20mhz channels.  2.4ghz is slow, typically highly congested, and there is not enough spectrum to do make much improvement. if you really want to take advantage of portal, we recommend an extender capable of 5ghz.  portal provides 3x the spectrum of other 5ghz routers, so it has more channels to manage traffic.  the ultimate would come from using 2 portals. alexi operates on both 2.4ghz and 5ghz, and works great with portal (we love ours). you can keep your existing wifi network with the 7000+almond if you wish.  portal knows how to play nice with other wifi networks and will avoid them.  or you can simply replace you old setup.  if you have a smartphone, the portal app can simply clone you current setup, so you can replace it very simply.
wei-choon, portal won't replace your fios modem/router gateway, but it can add to it. you'll still need the fios modem to access your tv/internet/phone services. portal simply connects to one of your available ethernet ports and becomes an extension of your existing wifi network. this is the simplest and fastest way to install portal, and you'll still retain your old wifi with it's ssid, etc... portal will look like a new network with new ssid, etc... alternatively you can disable your old wifi and use portal as your sole network; there are good internet forums and even some youtube videos that show you how to do this. here's an old one for actiontec gateway and netgear router, but the concept is similar for any brand gateway and portal:http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23977/~/will-my-netgear-router-work-with-verizon-fios%
movie, portal uses openvpn to build site-to-site vpns with the ssl/tls protocol or with pre-share keys. it has the role to securely tunnel the data through a single tcp/udp port over an unsecured network such as internet and thus establish vpns.
i have two related questions - one i ask earlier about the almond + the answer i received ( we're not familiar with the almond+ extender. give us some time to do some research. stay tuned, we'll post an answer shortly.) the second has to do with which way i should configure two portals and my legacy routers (nighthawk 7000 and almond +) for the highest utilization of the collection of devices -  i am certain i going to go with two portals - the only question is what the rest of my gear will be doing (given that the almond + provides me access to my alexa)... help me think through this?
@rob beller here's the simplest explanation i could find, or least the one i could make the most sense out of http://www.howtogeek.com/220509/htg-explains-what-is-a-tri-band-router-and-will-it-make-your-wi-fi-faster/
noticed you got some press on the verge. they also posted an article on a new linksys that has tri-band ac5300. looking at the specs here, it indicates ac2400. can you help me understand the differences and if fastlanes still outpaces bleeding edge?
in my current wi-fi setup, i have an asus ac1900 router in "ap mode" and have disabled the wi-fi mode in my verizon fios gateway router for two reasons; the asus router's wi-fi is better and secondly, the asus is both strategically and centrally located in the house whereas the verizon fios router is in the basement where the demarc is.  i use the same ssid for both the 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz band (to keep it simple) and just have the client automatically determine which band to use, and with the preference for 5 ghz over 2.4 ghz.  i assume i can do the same kind of setup with portal?
can you explain portal's vpn functionality.
there are two advantages to daisy-chaining multiple portals.  (1) you'll get extra range and coverage.  this applies whether you daisy-chain by mesh or by ethernet cable. (2) if you connect by ethernet cable, you'll also get additional wifi capacity.  this is unique to portal because of the fastlanes technology.  two or more portals coordinate with each other and autoconfigure on separate non-overlapping dfs channels, which effectively doubles, triples, etc your capacity.  the key here is that each portal operates on it's own separate non-crowded channel, so the bandwidth is additive not time-split as would be the case if you tried to daisy-chain two or more ordinary routers. if you're daisy-chaining by mesh, the limit is 3 portal routers.   if you're daisy-chaining by ethernet cables, there is no theoretical limit to how many portals you can string together; the most we've done ourselves is 5.  we are exploring an enterprise version of portal that can do 20 or more for small business settings, but that's still in our skunks works lab.
yes, you'll be able to see what devices are connected to which band on the android & iphone app as well as from the webui (ethernet) interface.
will there be some analytical info on the device that might show what devices are connected at the 2.4ghz or 5ghz band??
with the daisy-chaining option what are the advantages of using 3 portals, 4 and so on. if there a limit to how many can be chained together?
portal supports both 5ghz and 2.4ghz, so all your devices are covered. but, as mike points out there is no radar in the 2.4ghz band, so there are no protected fastlanes that we can create in this band and therefore no special advantage that portal has over conventional routers in 2.4ghz.  still, portal has 3-stream mimo and powerful pa and antennas in 2.4, so it does pack very solid range (coverage) and performance for legacy devices. as a general rule, you should try to use 5ghz whenever possible.   2.4ghz is an extremely crowded band and there isn't much spectrum there anyways; only 1:8 compared to 5ghz.  it's also very slow (theoretically 1/2 that of 5ghz, but in practice about 1/10 most of the time).  so it's pretty much unusable for anything but simple applications like email or twitter.  for video, gaming, file downloads, photo uploads, wifi calling, backing up your pc, etc... you really need 5ghz. the good news is most modern devices (made in say the last 2-3 years) are dual-band anyways, so if you have a good router like portal your device should try jump on 5ghz most of the time.  and in the case of portal, you also get the additional fastlanes 5ghz dfs channels for even more speed especially when your neighborhood or house gets crowded.
ah, thanks. are there any benefits on the crowded 2.4 ghz band, or should i upgrade my devices to 5 ghz?
there is no weather radar in the 2.4ghz band.
"... enables your wifi network to operate in a special protected portion of the 5ghz radio spectrum that was originally reserved for weather radar systems... " does that mean it doesn't do that on the 2.4ghz band?
i am considering getting two portals, even though my house is relatively small, and i'm pretty sure i don't pay for nearly enough speed through my isp in order to need a 2nd portal. after this campaign launched, i am considering upgrading my plan through my isp. my question is, is there possibly an option to purchase a second portal after the first one has already shipped and tested? or will we all have to wait until the portal goes into its main production?
@creator i've changed my limited edition red pledge to the twin pack. may i choose the red color as you previously mentioned for the twin pack ? thanks
for you people who want a le red edition (europe), i've just changed to the regular early bird as i prefer black over red. there's now 1 available for backing ;)
hi just backed, will router work in uk and rest of europe? does this sit on the other side of the suppliers router? sorry if these are naive.
@ creator....2 tablets are always online... they display time and weather. 1 computer is running a playon software server. 2 chromecast, a roku and a apple tv, 2 wifi connected printers,iphone, ipad samsung note 12.2, 10.1, and note 4 and a tab 7 and a macbook air. generally we are streaming video to 2 devices and surfing on 2-4 others
thanks for the update guys. i understand it can be very hard to compared portal vs a conventional router but informative posts like this go a long way to helping us understand the differences
portal can support up to 180 devices and connections. speed and performance however are a different calculation because even with fastlanes, every active device on your portal will be sharing the bandwidth with every other active device on your portal.   if you're using portal in a small business environment like say a cafe, or you have a lot of kids or friends who like to game, bit torrent, or watch alot of hd videos, you may want to consider getting 2 portals.   the rule of thumb we generally recommend, plan your network for at least 50-75 mbps of peak data capacity throughout your home or office.   if you have a family where 2 kids are watching hd netflix (2x 10 mbps), 1 kid is playing online game (1x 10 mbps), your spouse is watching ultrahd netflix or hbo (1x 30 mbps) and you're backing up your photos or gopro videos (30-50mbps) = 90-100 mbps peak data demand, then you may want to consider getting two portals and connecting it up in a tri-band ac4100 configuration. we'll post instructions and a youtube tutorial on how to do this.  you can also look at some of my earlier comments about how two portals automatically coordinate an auto configure on independent non-overlapping fastlanes channels to double the capacity of your network.
hi shawn, using cpu speed to make comparisons between portal and other routers is challenging.  portal has a different processing architecture from any existing router. we employ two highly optimized risc cpus, each running full-customized firmware and optimized to run critical tasks in parallel.  this allows portal to operate at full speed with no slow-downs due to network traffic loading, but at lower clock speed, lower power consumption and lower heat output.     in short, portal’s architecture is fundamentally different so specs can’t be compared apples-to-apples with other conventional routers.   but we believe in transparency and want to answer any of your questions.  so, now that we've tried to explain that this is like comparing apples to lemons, here is our raw processor subsystems specs:       cpu(s):      1.45ghz = 800mhz + 650mhz       dram:      256mb = 128mb + 128mb      flash:       48mb = 32mb + 16mb
how does this compare to starry?
haha @wingnut... i love colored appliances so much more than just white or black! but as long as it works, i'll be happy.  we have 3 ps4s in my home on top of all the cell phones and tablets and laptops...  i want better gaming!
hi  everyone, is it possible to chain different  portal in wifi to increase the coverage and how many portal can be chained ? for example, apple doesn't guarantee the stability of the network if there is more than 4 airport bases, what is your max? philippe
@kelii, jeteye one43 maybe those specs can be revealed in a update.
yeah!  the question below... please answer.
hi creator, can you please answer the question: " shawn beaups        what are the specs of the cpu, ram and storage" thanks for your help.
wingnut, we will add the daisy chaining tutorial to the list of videos that we are creating to help answer questions with portal.
thiago, portal is designed to support congested environments and demanding devices (802.11ac) and applications.  we recommend that if you have more than 50 client devices, you use a second portal to reduce the load.
john, portal continuously monitors the environment and detects all sources of wifi congestion.  it will add more channels than your neighbors can access (by using the radar protected channels) and move your devices to the best channels to avoid your neighbors traffic.
@persinickity would have matched the red hair perfectly i'm sure :)
i wish i would have seen this sooner.. i would have definitely pledged for the red!
are there instructions somewhere on how to daisy change 2 devices together?   i'm guessing there would have to be cat5 cable run in my house already if i wanted a wireless at the front of our house and 1 in the back??
can you please transfer some of the many early adopter (europe) slots over to early adopter (us and canada) like you did with the limited edition red?  thanks for your consideration.
at my local hall we see up to 150 connections with one hub how will this cope?
@creator how many wifi devices can i connect to portal???
if you connect two portals by their gigabit ethernet lan ports, you'll get a doubling of the capacity.  this effectively gives you an ac4100 tri-band setup.  the two portals know how to coordinate with each other, each selecting non-overlapping dfs channels on a single ssid, so you're getting both range extension and a higher capacity network.  pretty nifty, eh?
hi paul, no, you won't need to buy a new modem.   portal will work just fine with your existing gateway or modem (and any future ones you may buy).   the easiest way to install portal is to just connect it to one of the ethernet ports on your existing comcast gateway/modem or even the ethernet port of your powerline extender; portal will automatically configure itself as an extension or bridge of your existing network.  it appears that this is what you're doing already with your kisslink.  portal will definitely work nicely with all your existing routers and keewifi(s) because it will be operating on a different network (ssid) and independent (clean uncrowded) channel.   yes, portal is definitely strong enough to cover your 2000 sq-ft town house.  however, it appears that your requirement may be capacity; 13-14 devices is alot on a single network.  are they all (or most of them) operating simultaneously?  you may want to consider a second portal and connect to your power line extender.
hi... i currently have a comcast wifi modem....supposedly the fastest one that they have, but they are supposed to be increasing their speed in the fall. i use one powerline wifi extender and a kisslink, range extender to cover my house and 2 more keewifi's are coming. my first question is, if i understand things correctly, i will have to buy a modem...and attach this router to it to replace my current wifi modem. what specs should i look for in the modem to get the most speed out of your router? i typically have about 13 or 14 wifi devices on my network. second question is will your router play nicely with all my range extenders..or will i even need them in a 2000 sq ft town house
@creator  i want to see more stretch goals as well. perhaps will it go like this : 1st sg : $200 000 = black color 2nd sg : $250 000/$280 000 = home automation  3rd sg : $350 000 = add usb 3 4th sg : $420 000 = add bluetooth (for smart devices that use bluetooth) so we can get a full home automation 5th sg : $500 000 = ???
dustin, absolutely.  we will be using the backerkit survey at the end of the kickstarter to support any changes to the options for your rewards (number of units, colors, shipping info).  these will be done at your same pledge levels and schedule commitments.
what are the specs of the cpu, ram and storage
well shoot i was hoping for a more brighter red. that looks more like maroon, so at this point i would probably want black
i agree with dustin, if there was a black option before i would have opt for the basic white, please let the red backers have an option to get the black color also. thank you
i assume the people who backed the limited red will also be able to choose black at the end?
hi levy, that's a good idea.  we're looking into it.  please stay tuned, we'll keep you posted.
shawn, we've just posted our first stretch goal; we're making portal available in black.   we're looking at other stretch goals that will add additional capabilities to portal.   please stay tuned, we'll keep you posted.
i'd like to see some stretch goals as well
i'd second setting stretch goals that complemented "home automation integration" - connection with either alexa or google's new home,,,
@jacob, these are the dimension i received from the creator, no weight though: the dimensions are:  h= 52.18 mm  l = 240.00 mm  w= 182.99 mm
@creator - try to start a thread with synology team for stretch goals. they have an awesome suite of nas drives, highly respected. furthermore, their ui is simply put - robust and extremely stable. next: what are your thoughts regarding home automation?
can i know the size and weight of the item, thanks.
roger, all members of the mesh will have the same ssid.
@darius: thanks,  so glad i snagged one.
if you have two portals (e.g. one downstairs and one on the 2nd floor) connected as a mesh network will they appear as one ssid? meaning do i have to connect to a second wifi ap when i move upstairs or will my signal just increase?
douglas, portal has 2 ubs 2.0 ports that can support high capacity hdds.  usb 2.0 has a max transfer rate of 60mbytes/sec this is sufficient to stream 2 utrahd moves and your music without issues.
@doug - a lot depends on how the large hdd were formatted also. in other words, certain formats allow large storage thru using higher block sizing, etc. the caveat there is speed. what happens is a router or for that matter any computer while accessing such disks might either time out when trying to establish a session or retrieve records. not many do it - but external hard-drives also gets fragmented and needs de-fragmentation. what i am trying to say is it may not be the router at fault.
baivab, we are looking at radius server for a post-intro software upgrade. it is too late to add to the initial software release due to the time needed for validation.
its a beauty
update 2 @ecogrl
got any pics or renderings of the limited edition red?
when broadcasting on "all" range of the spectrum and not only on the lower and upper bound of the spectrum, will our devices be able to utilize those spectrum with least congestion, or so they use only the known standard range?
i noticed 2 usb ports on the back, with this router work well with large capacity backup drives?  my current router constantly needs to refresh the drive and drops access to it.  looking for a more reliable router to gain access to my music.  backed this product regardless it looks like the future of wifi.
creator: i had asked about radius server and i assume your product is based off openwrt. please look at this url: as you're in validation phase, it should not ideally be difficult to incorporate. i looked into the how-to and its straight-forward.  http://www.blog.10deam.com/2015/01/08/install-freeradius2-on-a-openwrt-router-for-eap-authentication/
@nick and others - the tests suggested here are fine along with swapping out modems, etc. however when i suffered from less bandwidth for isp i requested for a swap and specifically asked for and later ensured the modem provided is docsis 3.1 . that's the latest standard for cable modems which has certain improvements enabling better bandwidth and specifically - resilience. many, i repeat many customers are still on docsis 2.0 modems still.
@dj, this is a router.  you will still need a "modem" from your isp.  if you look at the picture of the back of the portal, you will see the lan ports for the wired connections. @nick, what you need to do is determine what speed the isp is charging you for.  then go to one of the speed test web sites and see what speed you are getting.  run the test several times, and at different times of the day.  you can get an average speed doing it that way.  now bear in mind that the speed test will be different depending on which server is hosting the test.  closer is better, but probably isn't realistic in actual use.  if there is a major difference in the speed you are paying for and the speed you are getting, then call your isp.  it is possible they have upgraded modems and will swap it out for you.
ok i am kind of confused, is this device a router or does it connect to a router to give it the added abilities to analyze and change the wifi signal based on congestion? or is it a modem router combo? everything seems as clear as mud the more i read about this.
baivab, parental control - on the mobile app we allow you to declare a child and assign their devices by ip and/or mac addresses.  you then setup rules for the child, or for their devices. next - the two wifi bands are 2.4ghz and 5ghz.  there are multiple channels within each of these bands.  guest access is setup on a private virtual network. if your guest also has the portal mobile app, their password in randomly assigned and automatically added to their mobile device.  guest access is geo-fenced so that the virtual network and password are deleted when your guest is not present and re-generated (new password) when they return. you can also set a time limit.  if you opt not to use the mobile app, you can setup the guest access in a more traditional method of setting up guest access and then just telling your guest the password.
darius, yes, portal supports nas.  it supports samba, nfs, and ftp file sharing, and ext3, ext4, fat32, exfat, and ntfs filesystems.
how to change from white to red?
how can i change my reward to limited edition?
aj, i can't give you a specific date at this point as we are still in the validation and testing.  right now we are tracking to the commitment dates and plan to ship to all of the early adopters based on first in / first out.  we intend to provide frequent updates so that you can track our progress.
i went ahead and subscribed for a white one since no reds remained, but if red is available i want one.  i just don't see where to get it since i just got the email and see none available here on the page.  help?
nick, faster internet can be thought of in two pieces.  the broadband connection that your isp delivers internet to your home (modem), and the wifi that delivers the internet from you isp's modem to your mobile device. there is not much portal or anyone can do about the broadband speed to your home. other than change the service or the isp.  portal does monitor your broadband service for quality, but it can't make the link between the isp's  modem and internet go any faster. here is the us, www.ookla.com is a good site to check out the internet access speed of your broadband connection.  just hook up you pc over an ethernet cable (disable wifi) and run the speed test. for a single user netflix recommends: 0.5 megabits per second - required broadband connection speed 1.5 megabits per second - recommended broadband connection speed 3.0 megabits per second - recommended for sd quality 5.0 megabits per second - recommended for hd quality 25 megabits per second - recommended for ultra hd quality to link your wifi device to the isp's modem, you need a wifi router.  i would recommend a dual-band router that operates at 2.4ghz for older legacy devices and at 5ghz for new devices.  the latest wifi standard is 802.11ac.  it has a number of speed and reliability enhancements over previous generations.  modern wifi routers advertise max speeds in the gigabit per second (1,000megabit)per second range. these are really for bragging rights, as no one really gets this other than in an isolated rf test chamber at short distances. if your unable to max out the performance of your broadband link, with a modern 802.11ac wifi router you probably have an issue in your wifi radio environment.  either your not getting enough signal, or your getting too much rf noise and interference.  noise can come from just about any electronic device, but most of the interference comes from nearby wifi networks.  if you can see more than about 8 other wifi networks, your probably have (or will have) a problem.  in this situation, portal is the best / only real solution (imho). hope this helped.
i agree with @darius. if usb 2.0 was obsolete it wouldn't be available anymore. if you didn't want a router with 2.0, why back it in the first place?
everyone is being ridiculous. there's nothing obsolete about a product with usb2.0. transfer speeds aren't as fast and it isn't reversible, but what do we even need usb ports for on a router? nas support would be nice, but even then, usb2 is perfectly fine.
ok, now i'm seeing the creator's comments. when i first backed this, it said there were 2 usb ports. it didn't specify that they were an obsolete version! i'm concerned what else is obsolete on this state-of-the-art router.
usb 3 should be standard for any device made in the last few years--no excuse. the spec was announced in 2008 and the first devices started coming out in 2009 (buffalo technology) though apple didn't add it to macbooks until 2012. are we certain this doesn't have it?
parental controls - i understand its offered but i categorically need controls which are not only ip address driven but mac address driven also. this is ultra critical as today i have pulled out of even considering netgear due to lack of this feature. i have apple tv, roku and host of other wifi devices where i need to control the availability of them via mac address and not ip. next - it states it'll offer 2 wifi channels, which is great. but can they be individually switched on/off? can i switch off the main channel but keep guest on and vice versa?
frankly i have little use for usb 3 in a router. the only thing i find usb 3 to be of any use is having an external usb hard drive.  now an use case where this usb hdd is for archival purposes. i am more than happy with usb 2 for archival as speed is irrelevant. use case: usb hdd for file sharing. with speeds offered by this particular router via wifi anyways restricted to just above 1 gbps, again usb 2 will suffice. if wired directly to the router - yes: for file sharing it might make sense. printers - nah : usb 3 verses 2 , gains are minimal.
@ryan  i second it.
i also agree that the absence of usb 3 really undercuts the idea of this being a cutting edge product.  if no usb 3 by the end of this campaign, i'll likely pull my pledge and wait for the next version of the product.
@mike i also agree with you.
@mike  i second your opinion.  i think usb 3 should come standard. if we wanted micro usb or something different, a stretch goal or portal 2.0 would be acceptable. but then again, we are funding the portal and its rapid growing so we should be able to get awesome stretch goals. please @creator, give us an answer about connectivity and stretch goals.
it saddens me to see that usb 2 is already locked in but that a "future" product may include usb 3.  that makes the current design obsolete before it even ships.  perhaps you should have brought kickstarter backers into the discussion much sooner in the product development lifecycle.  it would push out the fulfillment date, but unless you already have lots of units manufactured alread, i can't see a reason for your insistence that usb 3 is off the table for the current product design.  after all, we are committing to helping you get this product to market and plan on using the portals we receive for quite some time.  meanwhile, people who didn't back this product will be able to buy a model that includes usb 3 shortly after we rall receive our usb 2 models.  that hardly seems fair to me.
will this work with bt broadband here in london uk? my internet speed is kind of low and  i have resisted the temptation to switch to the faster but expensive fibre broadband service.
does anyone (ignition or backers) suggest i buy anything else to increase my internet speed? can anyone recommend a specific modem or some modem specs i should be looking for? i have had the same modem for years and don't know enough about wifi to confidently buy a decent replacement.
black would be awsome
i just wanted to echo the request for a black version (hopefully a possibility for the super early birds). i rather my network gear not stick out, even if it's cool under the hood.  also, great to read you're using openwrt. powerful and secure.
no way of having usb 3.0 ports even as a stretch goal? even netgear nighthawk router has usb 3.0 ports. seems strange to have omitted 3.0 from design process in the first place... will definitely be looking forward to future product.
im just looking for some clarification here as a backer of the early production pledge and given delays would that mean i would get one of the first run productions in july ?
how does this router compare to ubiquiti routers? i currently own one and it's mind bogglingly good, unfortunately it broke due to an accident. it's support 24v passive poe, btw something to look at: for portal? check this out: https://www.ubnt.com/unifi/unifi-ap-ac-pro/ finally - any plans regarding weather resistance?
salome, the fcc has not banned open source software (like openwrt), but they have asked router manufactures to prevent users from hacking the code to change power levels and frequencies.  portal does have these safeguards and has been certified to use the radar protected bands in the us, canada, and the eu.  north america has access to about 80mhz more spectrum (one 802.11ac channel) than europe or japan.  the specifics of the spectrum are listed here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wlan_channels#5.c2.a0ghz_.28802.11a.2fh.2fj.2fn.2fac.29.5b17.5d
hi baivab, regarding pfsense, you may well be correct.  same is true for radius.  our desire is to support these, but this is not always possible on the initial software release.  so your feedback is important as we figure out portal's software roadmap.  if you'd be interested in joining our development community, please send and email to info@ignitional.com
saul, we design our own internal antenna arrays and take great pride in their performance vs other routers with large external antennas.  in addition to careful rf antenna design, portal uses receive diversity to improve its "hearing" and external power amps with beamforming and  mu-mimo for a louder clearer "shout out."  having less crowded and more available channels also helps as this makes the a noise floor lower, so portal can "hear" even better.
does portal use any special antenna arrangement/technology to help it "hear" the "shout" from smaller wi-fi devices? some manufacturers tout "long-range" antennas that are better at transmitting and receiving signal. i have used high-gain antennas before and although it appears my devices are connected, the router can't "hear" their "shouts" so no request gets fulfilled. perhaps all that is a bunch of bogus. maybe since the clients will also be able to transmit to portal using dfs channels, there will be less interference and portal will "hear" clients better?
levy, yes, you can connect old netgear r7000 (nighthawk ac1900) to portal no problem; just make sure to connect it using one of the lan ports to lan, not the wan port.  and make sure to put the nighthawk in bridge or network extension mode.  you can also do the vice-versa, and connect portal to the nighthawk (assuming it is in router mode); similarly, connect it lan to lan and make sure to choose bridge mode when you startup portal.   we will post instructions and a youtube tutorials with step-by-step on how to do this. unfortunately, we're not familiar with the almond+ extender.  give us some time to do some research.   stay tuned, we'll post an answer shortly.
regarding request for usb3.0, i wish we could.  unfortunately it's too late in the hardware design process now to do it for this version of portal.  we will definitely put usb3.0 in the spec for our future products for sure.  thank you for your feedback, and thank you for your support.
portal will have two usb2.0 ports.  our getportal.io website is a bit outdated on this fact; it was the earlier prototype that we demo'ed at ces that had only one usb2.0.  thanks for pointing this out, we'll have it corrected shortly.
@jonathan garner - i had also asked the same question as well :) because if you look at the page specifically for the red color edition, the picture depicts what looks like usb 3 ports (blue) at http://getportal.io/blog/2016/red-portal
my apologies, this site: http://getportal.io/technology, not the kickstarter one
any thoughts of upgrading the usb's to 3.0? also the image on this site shows two usb ports but the technical description on your website says there is only 1 usb.
since the fcc has put a ban on openwrt software due to possible radar interference, will the eu portal be unlocked? also, since there are more frequencies open in europe, how much more are we getting? like 1 or 2 lanes? i'd really like to know what are the real differences between the us and eu version (you've answered that from very far right now). thanks
what would be the result of linking a nighthawk 7000 with portal via ethernet.  i also have a almond + extender my home is 5000 sq with 3 floors what will be the benefits or drawbacks to such a configuration?
i have a feedback - why are you not considering pfsense as the embedded firewall? its a superb firewall which is miles ahead of most in the market. are you planning to support radius based authentication? if yes, why not embed a radius server also? finally, as stretch goal - do you see a possibility of including nas drive support? can the usb ports be used to link a usb printer?
jimmy jo, the radio spectrum and radar detection requirements differ from region to region. and this is serious stuff as some of these radars are needed to help land airplanes.  using non-certified equipment can result in serious fines in some regions.  as a safeguard, portal is region locked to only operate in the countries where its been certified.
joel, the issue is not the coaxial cable connector, but the protocol that runs over the cable. there are a lot of them.  also your isp wants to be the only one talking over their broadband network.  you're paying them to deliver their service to your home and they want to isolate it to ensure that they do this.  portal is standards based and uses ethernet to connect to your isps modem and provide high quality, high performance wifi..
piero,  we have demonstrated that portal is significantly better, if your networks is experiencing congestion and interference from neighboring wifi networks. if you see about 8 other wifi networks, your likely to see real benefit from portal.  in the extreme case, portal was able to demonstrate 4 simultaneous ultrahd video streams during ces, where +$300 routers could not access the internet consistently.
i live in the states but plan to work in asia for a few months later this year. i'm planning to take portal if it works there. will it work even if it's not certified in their countries? also is the us version 110-220v or only 110v?
@creator, thanks for the detailed reply about the comparisons to the netgear router especially the newer model i wasn't especially aware of, sooo are you saying that portal performance is comparative to the r7800? i.e. you are saying that your $149 router is as good as a £330 one?? if so wow :p
@ignition design labs, alright that's interesting. for the record my motorola surfboard sbg6580 is a combined modem and router. i've used this for about 5 years now since i first got internet for my home back in 2011. as you saw in my speedtest result i was only getting just over a third of what i should be getting from my isp in terms of download speeds. sure it could be the fact that i'm running on a wireless connection and all that interference is indeed causing an issue but then again what if it's not? that's my main concern here. maybe my isp is providing me 60mb/s like they should be but what if my current router is what is slowing me down? why would i be interested in buying the portal when my current router is the problem. why have that router be the bottleneck between my isp and portal just to connect the coaxial cable to the portal? that question aside, why isn't there an option to connect the portal to a coaxial cable?
i signed up for a twin-pack! how about a stretch goal to upgrade the usb2 ports to usb3 ports? the photos of the usb ports in the red units depicts what seems to be usb3 ports (judging by the color of the usb connectors) but i understand that may just be a photo render, but considering most of your mid-range routers in the market today have usb3, the lack of usb3 ports is, imho, an oversight.
hey i'm new to routers  and this looks great but can this be hooked up to my telus internet?? someone told me awhile ago that i can't use other routers on telus
this does not seem right: a single portal can offer complete coverage for a home of approximately 2500 sq. ft.  and two portals can be daisy-chained together using our proprietary enterprise-grade mesh technology to extend your network range up to 200 ft or more; more than enough to cover large or multi-story homes up to 5000 sq.ft.
@kit ng, i'd be interested to hear what you think of the eero and what your setup is, since i'm backing this as a cheaper alternative. also comparing with the luma which is similar to eero, but i'm hoping portal is better.
i'm a super happy backer. currently i have eero router/mesh network wondering your thoughts about eero vs portal !?  should i dump eero when portal is shipped?????? kit
btw:  if you really want a tri-band network, you can simply connect two portals together with gigabit ethernet.  the two portals will discover each other, and a hidden mode in smartlanes will automatically allocate non-overlapping coordinated dfs channels to each, enabling two full-speed networks on non-shared uncrowded channels.  you now have an ac4100 network :-)  we'll post instructions and a youtube tutorial on how to do this in near future.
piero, i think you're thinking of the r8000 nighthawk x6, which is a tri-band 3x3 router and indeed rated at ac3200.  in our comparison test we used the r7800 nighthawk x4 which is a dual-band 4x4 router rated at ac2600 and is alot closer in configuration to portal; so it's a more apples-to-apples comparison. the r8000 nighthawk x4 ac3200 is actually a slower router than the r7800 (and portal), despite it having a higher acxxxx rating.  that's because it's only a 3-stream 802.11ac.  it gets it's higher rating because it's operating a second 5ghz network which wouldn't have helped in speed-test or netflix streaming. tri-band helps if you have kids or lots of guests and you want them kept on a separate network to yours (think of it as having two 802.11ac routers side-by-side built in the same box).  the acxxxx rating math for r8000 goes like this:  (600+1300+1300).  the 600 refers to the speed rating of the 2.4ghz network and the two 1300 are the 5ghz networks. the r7800 and portal are newer 4-stream 802.11ac routers, which gives you more speed and longer range than the older 3-stream.  their ac2400 and ac2600 ratings are lower because they are only dual-band and have only one 802.11ac network (which is all most people really need).  the r7800's acxxxx rating goes like this (800+1733) and portal's acxxxx rating goes like this (600+1733).  as you can see, there is only one 5ghz network but at a much higher rate and range.  hope this explains it more clearly.
dr, portal continually monitors the radio spectrum, looking at traffic flow, congestion, and sources of interference.  this information is processed to determine the best way to keep the traffic flowing and avoid congestion before it actually occurs.  if we did the processing in portal it would need a serious cpu, and memory.  this would make portal very expensive and hot. by using the cloud's low cost processing power we can make portal far more affordable. we are seriously concerned about privacy and portal does not track what you do or where you go on the internet.  not even as part of parental controls. portal does not send any personal information to the cloud and we encrypt the traffic information that we do. hope this answers the questions / concerns.
dr, portal will work fine even if you aren't connected to the cloud; it's your option.  you will still have a powerful and fast router and the fastlanes dfs channels, so it'll still be a better wifi experience even without the cloud. however many of the advanced features (and quite frankly the really cool ones) like smartlanes dynamic traffic avoidance won't work because these capabilities need significant computation processing not possible by just the embedded processors in portal alone; we need to run things like wideband spectrum analysis, statistical pattern matching (of traffic packets) and spatial-channel optimization which can only be implemented in the cloud.  and for other advanced features like smartphone setup, remote management and rolling code secure guest access, these inherently rely on the cloud to pair with with your smartphone and link with your guests for access request.  similarly the active intrusion monitoring and 2-factor security also require the cloud to link and connect with your smartphone to provide you the active alerts and authentication to unlock.   without the cloud, you'll have to use simple password protection, which has been proven recently to be big vulnerability. again, you don't need to connect to the cloud at all.   you can operate portal in the exact same fashion as any simple router you're already familiar with.  we even provide you an "old school" webgui interface so you can use your laptop to configure portal.   we don't like to force anything on anyone. but if you do agree to let your portal connect to the cloud, rest assured that we do not collect any user net usage information; that's not our business and it's not how we ever want to earn our wages.  we are sincerely in the business of building better wifi technologies, that's all.
hi portalpeople, first of all id like to say how amazing this product seems to be, but infact there is a cloud involved it is not. it would be cool if you can truely answer to the questions from this post 2 days ago: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/portalwifi/portal-turbocharged-wifi/comments… i know you tried to but i am not sure why i should need the help of a cloud for better wifi??! best regards dr
patrick, portal can accept one vpn profile.  regarding iot support, we offer an advanced web browser interface, but it is not intended for the user to modify out of the box.  if you'd be interested in learning more about our developers support, please send us an email at info@ignitiondl.com
piero, as you know the maximum theoretical performance is calculated based on operation at short distance and in a radio interference free environment - not your home, or the real-world.  portal is unique in that it can operate at high speeds even in real-word environments that are full of interference from you neighbors wifi network and congestion from all of the wifi devices around you.  for portal the actual speeds you achieve at home are what's important, not just the numbers on the box.
@creator  how many vpn profiles do the portal accept ? more than 1 ? regarding the iot, will we be able to see, edit and do pretty much (coding) what we want on the control panel ? like a tab to control all iot ? can we have an http(s) tab so we can use our iot that do need web request (using portal as a "portal") ?
@bavlab, you should probably pm the @creators about your twin-pack rather than leaving a comment here, since it is related to your individual pledge.  to do that, click on "ignition design labs" and then when the next page appears, click on "contact me" to enter your private message.  that would make it easier for them to see your message and respond appropriately.
@creator, you have made comparisons to the nighthawk however that supports up to ac3200, portal only goes up to ac2400, why the much lower speed?
creator message: we have allocated a dozen or so of the reds for "twin pack" pledges. go ahead and pledge the us "twin pack" reward, and send us a note in messages. we'll make sure to mark your order so it gets the red edition. i have just now backed this primarily as i would like to get the twin pack but only in red. please confirm?
stephane, we have allocated a dozen or so of the reds for "twin pack" pledges.  go ahead and pledge the us "twin pack" reward, and send us a note in messages.  we'll make sure to mark your order so it gets the red edition.  do hurry, as we have very few left, even for the twin packs... and folks in the other pledge levels are already asking for them.
josh, we really appreciate your early support.   the demand for the limited edition red has been incredible especially in n.america; that's why we allocated 400 alone to us and canada.  we also want our european backers to get a fair chance, but i do get your point.  if there are any red edition left by end of this week, we will re-allocate some to us and canada.  in the meantime, drop me a note in messages; let me see what we can do for you.
ballen, just to clarify, portal will not initially support a 3g/4g usb modem capable of failover.  this may change in the future if there is demand for the capability.
any chance to have the red in 2packs?
ballen, portal runs openwrt.  you 3g/4g modem will need to be supported by openwrt v 15.05.
i think you should offer the us/canada more red units. if it is a finite color option, can you reduce the amount left for europe?  it seems fair to me as north america is the vast majority of your early backers. i realize europe never got the $139 option; however, excluding the backers who are getting 2 units and the few people who are picking up their unit in person, na has over 1,300 backers.  less than 350 have backed the solo portal options from europe. they haven't even filled their cheapest pledge option yet.  it's annoying that someone, from europe, can still buy in at a cheaper rate than me and get the color of their choice, yet i backed the project first.
does portal support connecting to 3g/4g usb modems?  failover/fallback as well?
martjin you can use two portals to extend your network.  please send us the extender that you're interested in (info@ignotiondl.com) and will investigate.  most extenders are tied to specific routers.
patrick, portal does provide both server and client vpn. iot devices that operate on 2.4ghz and 5ghz are supported by portal.  our field testing has shown that portal makes a big difference when you are using hd security cameras at the edges of your home.
roger, you can cascade portal over ethernet cabling to improve your coverage if needed.  additional devices will be available for the same pricing post-campaign through the backerkit survey.
stephan, i think that you have an adsl broadband connection that comes in over the telephone lines and needs and external filter/splitter to separate voice and data.  if this is the case, you will need an adsl modem that converts the broadband signal from adsl to/from 802.3 ethernet. adsl uses an rj-11 telephone jack with 6-pins, while 802.3 ethernet uses an rj-45 jack with 8-pins.  hope this helps.
jeff, portal supports vpn protocols: ipsec, l2tp, and pptp
upcoming campaign here hoping to catch some of portals success vibes. awesome product. can't wait for more to hit the market.
@creator - is it possible to connect a range extender to the portal?
@creator  will you implement iot in your router ? maybe a stretch goal.  will it integrate a vpn or can we implement our own vpn ? thanks a lot
sounds a great product guys. well done. i pledged for one portal but am thinking i may need another as i have a 3 story house. in my current setup i have ethernet in each room via cat 5e from my modem to a hp switch. each room in the house then has two ports connected to the switch via cat 5e. if i connect one portal directly to the modem and another to a ethernet port in one of the top floor rooms will the mesh network still be created? if so how can i get another portal added to my pledge? thanks. roger.
i have a broadband internet connection which is provided through the telephone cobber relay. this mean that my current router have a special adapter allowing it to be inserted into the telephone outlet. will portal be working in such a setup?
what vpn protocols will be supported?
bryan, portal creates a wifi network, but requires a modem to link it to your the internet.  your isps modem will have an ethernet port (ieee 802.3) that should be connected with a cat 5e or cat 6 ethernet cable to portal's internet port.
i've read the faq and a few responses you've given already regarding connecting portal to existing isp modem and router. so my modem is connected to a wifi router currently, and i would just connect portal to my existing router via cat6 ethernet cable and all will be good?! that's my understanding anyway. i'm excited for portal!! �
sorry if this is a stupid question... does the portal need to be wired to my network provider modem? or just for setup and then can keep in central location or in office away from modem. thanks i am so excited to get the portal! so many fantastic features.
hi michael, we're planning to launch in japan in july.  we'll keep you posted on when and where.
hi homero, yes, even if you have zero trouble with traffic and congestion, portal will be a significant upgrade over your current n router.   here are the top 3 specific improvements in your case: (a) 802.11ac. (speed) this is important especially if you're using newer iphone 5 or 6, newer ipad, or newer android smartphone and tablets, macbook pro and air, newer ms surface, etc.. (b) mimo (speed and range) this will boost both speed and range, and it'll even help with your legacy n devices.  portal has both 4x4 (4-stream) for newer 802.11ac and 5ghz 802.11n, and 3x3 (3-stream) for legacy 2.4ghz 802.11g/n (c) more powerful antennas and radios (range) you'll also love the ease of setup, the rolling code guest access, security, remote management, and other "softer" user experience features.
hi bryan, yes one portal should be good enough for a small house.   yes, we plan to make it easy for you to buy another portal to expand in future.  we are in discussions with a number of online retailers to carry portal on their site(s) after kickstarter.  and we are already in early design of additional portal-family products which we will introduce to early adopters on future kickstarter campaigns; and of course, all future portal products will work with your existing portal.
i live on a one acre lot, 2800 sq ft, one story home, and have zero trouble with traffic and congestion. but i'm hoping i can still benefit with range and speed with your state of the art router. this portal has gotta be much better than my current n, 5 year old router, right?
hi bryan, sorry for the delay responding to your first comments.  portal is simply a wifi router, meaning that you will still need an broadband supplier like vodafone; it appears they provide you both internet and phone service.  when you receive your portal, you have two choices on how to connect it to your broadband network provider's modem or gateway.  the easiest is to use portal as an extension of your existing wifi network (bridge mode). the more complicated but well worth it method is to replace your old wifi network (router mode).  we'll post instructions and maybe a youtube video tutorial on how to do this shortly;  it's too much to go thru here in the comments. yes, we will provide alot of future support; periodic and timely security and firmware updates are just the start.  we are also planning to provide new features and performance enhancements in future firmware releases.  and as kickstarter backers, it will always be free because we value your early support.  and it will always be your choice whether to accept any updates or new features.
radoslaw portal does not collect any net user data.  in fact, portal will work perfectly fine even if it wasn't connected to the cloud; it's your option.  however, you will lose some advanced functionality such as predictive traffic avoidance, rolling code (secure) guest access, smartphone management, active intrusion monitoring, 2-factor security for the webgui interface, remote management of parental control, etc..  these are features that require significant computational processing, such as ultra-wideband spectrum analysis, spatial-channel optimization, etc...which can only be implemented in the cloud. in short, we give you a choice.  you can run portal in simple mode (not connected to the cloud) and it will behave just like any asus or netgear router that you may already be familiar with.  and you will still get basic dfs functionality, which is still a huge plus.   as engineers, we built portal to give you a better experience no matter how you want to use it. you have choices.  and we are firmly committed to doing no evil.
nick, the limited edition red is as as the name implies "limited".  this special color is available only to our kickstarter backers and will not be available in retail.  we plan to build only between 350 and 400 units depending on the yield.  it's not an easy color to make, but i think you'll agree that its unique visual appeal is well worth our effort.   we still have a few left in the european reward; once that is gone there will be no more offered.  the only place we've left room for additional us reward is if you've already pledged for the twin pack, and want to change your order to red; we can accommodate only a few such changes, so let us know soon.
i'm concerned about moving to a cloud a functionality which other producers are providing without any problems on the hardware itself. i'm talking about asus and netgear specifically. it is possible (and in fact better: no delays, and also private wifi support without internet reach) to have it inside hw. i guess that moving it "to cloud" is backed by your wish to start collecting (even if anonymously) net usage data. quite valuable data (user habbits, network usage about thousands of routers, with their exact geolocation (ip), and information about devices etc: many  other companies: electric e.g., will pay a lot for information about population spikes etc ). those data not being connected just to my name, dont change their value. besides, this is my data, not yours. and, it's my bandwidth, and you'd like to suck it every 10seconds (it's not small usage: sometimes i want my pipe be zero usage and thats it even 100bytes is too much). portal phoning home is a really bad idea. be open about justification. it's not magic to decide  which device goes where. not to mention 20s (10+10s) delay will just make this feature worse then competitors. please, abandon it. those new wave of businesses trying to make money of data about users is bad :( as an engineer: i challenge you to justify it on technical level (but please, no turbosmartfast buzzwords, rfc and stuff accepted ) - which i consider impossible, but let's try :) first challenge: you sold 1mln of devices, half of them is enabled and are phoning home asking you to do "cloud mumbo jumbo about supertubersmart decissions" - lets assume it's just 1kb of data (*) out, and 1kb in, every 10sec : 12kb every minute * 500k devices = 6 gb per seconds - who will pay for this pipe on your side? please :) dont tell me it's in a price of portal - maybe it will require some service with recurrent payment later? sounds fishy :( and now a killer: what is so special to be able decide (in superturbosmart way ;) on just 1kb of data while at the same time that your powerfull cpu in portal can not do same? i left this thinking exercise to the reader....
i agree with alexander. i had backed the limited edition red because i was excited to be one of very few to have that version of the portal. i expect this router to succeed very well when it becomes available to retail and i thought it would be interesting to be one of few to own a red device. from the sounds of it now it seems that whoever has backed this product has access to unlimited quantities of the "limited edition" red. still very excited about the product, just a little disappointed in that aspect.
am i ok with just 1 portal for small house ?  will eu customers be able to easily buy another in a year or so if we move house to expand ?  please could you also check my message below that has gone unanswered :) thank you.
will you be able to release an asia version (ideally including japan)? thanks!
sinisa, serbia will accept portal certification under  etsi en 301 893 v1.7.1. it has been added to the countries we are allowed to ship to.
hello, is $447 the correct amount to get 3x portal units for usa? thanks
i just backed "red" european version but had to choose some other country on the list since there is no serbia on the supported countries. we are from europe, why we are not there?
hi gianfranco we really appreciate the advice regarding custom duties, vat, etc...  for european backers.  we have staff in europe who are already working with fulfillment partners, and they're looking into your suggestion re: using a vat friendly country. we've committed to covering custom duties in the shipping charge, so this won't be a burden.  our aim is to make portal an enjoyable frustration-free experience, including the ordering and shipping process.   thank you again for your kind support.
hi ryan boyer, you'll probably need two portals (possibly three).  the two above-ground levels can be covered by one portal each daisy-chained using mesh mode. you may be lucky and potentially cover both floors with just one portal; it'll depend on the actual floor layout you have.  ideally, you'll want to place the portal that is acting as a mesh node within line-of-sight to the "gateway" portal (ie. the one that is directly connected to your internet cable or dsl modem).  if this isn't possible, find a spot that minimizes the number of walls and floor between the two portals; the top of the stairs is often a good place. the basement will be a bit tricky.  it's pretty much a certainty that it'll need it's own portal.  depending on the floorpan and the material used in the floor (radio waves don't like thick concrete, metal joists or pipes), you may or may not be able to use mesh; you'll have to give it a try to find out.  in my experience, basement installations do better with ethernet cabling. i would suggest you go for the 2 pack first.  if one portal works well for the two above-ground floors, then you can use the other portal for the basement.  if you need two for the upper floors, then you'll need to get a third for the basement.
hi alexander, we really appreciate you backing us early.  yes, we're looking at offering a special thank you to those who were first to order the limited edition red version.  we'll keep you posted.  send us an email at info@getportal.io, we can chat directly.
hi homero diaz, please contact us directly on messages or at info@getportal.io.  we'll take care of you.
hi mark marquez, you can expand the capacity of your network in modular fashion by daisy-chaining two or more portal over gigabit ethernet.  for example, to get ac4100 you will need two portals, and for ac5800 you'll need three portals, and so on. the key here is a hidden mode of our smartlanes technology which enables multiple portals in a network to self-organizing themselves onto multiple and mutually non-interfering channels.  in short, you've now got two fastlanes operating simultaneously allowing you to load balance your traffic (say gaming) across two uncrowded network.  and yes, we'll be introducing dynamic load balancing software as an automatic upgrade to your portal in near future. and no, this wouldn't work if you simply string two traditional routers together in bridge mode.  without our smartlanes technology, instead of ac4100, you'd actually be getting two ac2400 routers that are just time-splitting the available (and probably already crowded) bandwidth, meaning it'll actually be slower not faster.  before portal, i learned the hard way that putting two traditional routers in the same room is a very very bad idea :-)
hi g, yes, portal supports wave-2 multi-user mimo.  in fact, the 4-stream 802.11ac radio chipset inside portal is one generation newer than the chipsets used in the latest routers on store shelves or amazon today :-)   we built portal for ourselves, our family and our friends... we wanted to pack in the coolest and latest technologies available.
hi martijn, yes, all custom fees are included in the shipping charges.  we love our european backers and we want you to have a straight-forward transparent frustration free experience.
hi sree, portal supports both"wired bridge" and "wireless mesh" modes of operation, so you can daisy chain two or more portal using either gigabit ethernet or wifi mesh; the portal setup app will figure this out for you and do the setup automatically.  our enterprise-grade mesh solution uses a more advanced and robust version mesh which leverages dynamic layer 2 routing.
how does the two portal solution work? are the two units daisy chained using wifi mesh networking or do they use a gbe wired connection from the portal master to the portal slave unit to form the mesh?
can it work with a lte antenna?
so does this work with current wifi / landline contracts or do you become our network provider?  i currently use vodafone for my network operator. please can you explain how we now transfer or use the portal when we get it?  also what is your future support going to be like, firmware updates, security updates etc? thank you.
@creator - could you pls confirm once more that there will be no additional customs fees/charges for backers in europe and that all these charges will be included in the shipping costs? i am sure that will boost the number of european backers to support your project.
g, portal has two usb 2.0 ports and supports wave 2 802.11ac.
also are usb ports 3.0?
will portal have wave 2 wifi? http://www.zdnet.com/article/802-11ac-wave-2-enabling-high-speed-wi-fi-for-the-next-generation-of-mobile-devices/
west, implicit beamforming was part of 802.11n, but not one of the standards groups better efforts.  implicit never really delivered and was abandoned for explicit beamforming in the present 802.11ac.  portal only does explicit per 802.11ac.
does portal do implicit beam forming as well?
saul, we do demonstrate some of the smartphone ui in one of our videos.  the web ui is pretty much a web ui.
based on your guys' timeline, your app is now in development. when will you post screenshots of the ui? i am curious to see what it will look like!
usually, when i pledge more than $100 for a kickstarter project, i immediately experience a bit of buyer's remorse.  that is not the case with this project.  the @creator is actively engaged in answering backer questions in the comments section and does not shirk the hard/technical questions.  this bodes well for the future.  thanks.
geran, we believe in giving back the community where possible and remain contributors.  firmware typically has many dependencies on the underlying hardware and chip vendors sdks, making it very tough to open source;  and we do have some ip in the firmware. but even in these cases we will try to provide open interfaces. part of our motivation in doing a kickstarter is to enable the developer community.  if you'd be interested in learning more, please contact us at info@getportal.io
"portal uses openwrt and we are committed to supporting an open source development environment." this comment made me so happy. i don't know what your plans are for support in the future, so if you are dedicated to open source, that is going to be huge. along that note, do you plan on open sourcing all of the firmware for portal or will there be some closed source blobs?
can elaboration be made on if this is modularly/plug in expandable (via speed/bandwidth per your website)?  if so, how might this work as i suspect this would be for future growth in the router market.
david, 1) you don't need to change your wifi protocols.  most devices built in the past 5 years already can use the fastlanes, provided that the have what is know as a dfs master (portal) to control their access.  this includes all 802.11ac devices, and some of the 802.11n devices.  the only way to be certain is to check with the device manufactures or find its fcc approval. 2) by shifting the heavier wifi using devices (802.11ac and some 802.11n) to the fastlanes, portal does free up traffic on the other channels. so it is an indirect benefit, but getting one person bit torrenting off your channel makes a huge difference.
richard, go ahead and pledge for a red portal. additional devices and color options will be available for the same pricing post-campaign through the backerkit survey. we greatly appreciate your support and will work to provide you with the portal options you want.
very keen for this to arrive and love your approach and determination to improve wi-fi - congratulations :) just a couple of device compatibility points mentioned in your faq that could do with a little more clarification: (1) my pc uses a 802.11n protocol - how do i discover if it will be able to take advantage of portal's strongest feature - fastlanes - can you provide more detail on how to find out and perhaps advice for people on how to upgrade wi-fi protocols (if possible)? (2) i assume that all your mind blowing performance figures relate to devices that have access to fastlanes? if an older wi-fi device does not what are the kind of performance benefits over a regular router that a user can still enjoy with portal? many thanks, david
fox-kc, thank you. we appreciate your support!
i hope everything is green lights for you, i'm happy to support this project & can't wait for a great result. :)
how can i buy 2x red (eu version)?
chris ball, portal will be shipped with the correct electrical connector for the country you specify for delivery.
coolant, our labs are adjacent to the san jose airport. and yes we occasionally detect radar. but it occurs on only a small portion of the channel and portal can easily move to another channel where radar is not present.
homero, additional devices and color options will be available for the same pricing post-campaign through the backerkit survey. we greatly appreciate your support and will work to provide you with the portal options you want.
darius, portal contains a spectrum analyzer that sends data on you network's traffic intensity, interference sources, and radar to the cloud.  it does this every 10 seconds or so.  the cloud uses this information and to determine the best organization for your network and devices, and sends this to portal when conditions require and change. we do not collect private information, passwords, or track your internet usage. that seems creepy, and violates our policy on security and privacy. using portal without the cloud does give you 3x more 5ghz channels (fastlanes), but they cannot be intelligently used (smartlanes).  as these additional 5ghz channels become crowded portal will be unable keep your network from getting congested and your traffic flowing.
joel just to confirm, the coaxial cable is the broadband connection from your isp.  it needs to be connected to a modem that converts this to ethernet.  sometimes your isp will combine the modem and wifi router together into a single box.  in this case, you can simply connect portal using the cat 6 ethernet cable to one of the ports on your isps box.  this is the simplest and fastest way to install portal, and you'll still retain your old wifi with it's ssid, etc... portal will look like a new network with new ssid, etc... alternatively you can disable your old wifi and use portal as your sole network; there are good internet forums and even some youtube videos that show you how to do this. here's an old one for actiontec gateway and netgear router, but the concept is similar for any brand gateway and portal:http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23977/~/will-my-netgear-router-work-with-verizon-fios%3f
@ignition design labs, great to know, i'll be picking up a 3 foot cat6 cable off of amazon and i'll plug the two devices into each other and be on a roll right away! i can't help but be curious however, my router is able to pass along gigabit data speeds (or at least it says so on the box) but i'm wondering if passing the data from the coaxial cable > current router > cat6 > portal will slow down my connection. i'm also interested in how i should configure my current router to work with portal like should i reset it to factory settings, turn off it's wireless antenna and if i could leave that wireless antenna on, could i use the old router as an access point (obviously it would be without portals features)... those are just two questions off the top of my head, i suspect other users and all of you guys would be able to come up with and answer just prior to portals release. i also noticed you replied to rich saying "portal can either be a replacement for your existing router". am i correct in assuming that my coaxial cable connection is the limiting factor here? i guess it would depend on my isp but would i be able to get them to switch out the coaxial cable for an ethernet cable?
this looks like an amazing product and looking forward to it but while on your website i read this is expandable. can you elaborate more on the modular capacity of it being plug in expandable to ac4100 / ac5800 / ac7600 / ac9300 / ac11000?  including how this is done and projected cost on this potential "upgrade?"
@homero it looks like you can back the red one now and when you update in backerkit before shipping, you can update the quantity to 2 and you will get 2 red ones. at least that is what i understood. i will let anyone else (@ashley) or ignition labs confirm that.
hi, i just wanted to confirm that the portals will come equipped with correct power connections for stated delivery country ? cheers
hi, great idea for for expanding the spectrum. i wanted to ask if you've done any testing near airports because i live within 2 miles of an airport and was wondering if there would be much interference from that. i know height is a big factor for these kinds of signal noises buy any data would be helpfully~ .
i gotta have blood red. trouble is, i already signed up for 2 for $298. any way i can swap 2 whites for 2 reds? i can wait, too. thanks.
hi guys. thank you for your fast response to our questions here. on the topic of local functionality, can your cloud services be bypassed or turned off while still maintaining a level of intelligent band (/lane) switching? how much data/bandwidth is needed for your cloud services? how does the long term band congestion data improve performance if the router can analyse and switch lanes in real time? i don't really get how and what services are enhanced through cloud based analysis. could you explain it to us in layman's terms please?
ashley, yes portal is setup and configured locally/offline.  we do have a mobile app to make everything very easy, but this is all done over short range bluetooth.
is setup and control of the portal all available locally/offline, without need to go through an ignition app or server? i think the answer is yes, based on the campaign info, but i wanted to check. that is one of the complaints in eero reviews, that you have to be online, use their app and go through their servers. thanks!
so those of us who got in on the first 200 special edition fed units will now get something special since it was expanded to 200 more. maybe a special logo? or something :)
ryan, it's always challenging to know as radio waves lose energy as they pass through walls and floors. often walls are worse than floors.  at 2500sq/ft you're at the limits of our recommendation for a single portal. you can use an app like wifi analyzer and walk around to get an idea of signal strength at your home's extremes.  but you should consider getting a second portal.  i'd put one on 1st story and the other on the 3rd.  mounted high, and near the center of the home. send me an email info@getportal.io and i can tell you how to do a site survey.
i have a 3 story house plus basement roughly 2500sq/ft. would one portal suffice or would you recommend a second one because of it being multistory?  lastly what would be best placement in multistory enviroment
@creator: i've read some questions about customs duties (and vat, consquently) for european backers. based on my past experience, the only way you may possibly avoid good old europeans such additional burden is to have the portals for eu-backers sent in bulk to a fullfillment center based in a import-firendly (low vat rate) eu-country and then have them shipped from there to each eu-backer. besides vat optimization, this would at least avoid import processing fees to be charged on each individual shipment. in the price range where ks portals fall, such fees are most of the times as much as or even more than custom duties. not meaning this  must be the way you shall ship portals to the eu, but please plan throughly how fullfillment of eu-perks will be performed, since a naive approach might result in eu-backers paying a lot just to have the portal import processed by custom agents.
@creator - a black version would be great. could you also pls confirm once more that there will be no additional customs fees/charges for backers in europe and that all these charges will be included in the shipping costs? thx.
please keep communication open and transparent to backers. good, bad or indifferent, we want to know what's going on. thanks.
what about singapore ?? i don't see that option at all. that's not at all fair.. ��
@creator, any stretch goals?
matte black would be great for me, personally.
enoch wong portal should only be used in countries where it is approved by the regional regulatory authorities.   portal does region lock to disable some of its capabilities as a safeguard.
in the faq, i see that it only operates in the us and canada and europe. if i were to take it beyond that, such as asia, will the router just completely doesn't function or i just cannot use it in the fullest? and also, if area besides us, canada and europe got certified to use portal, will an update in software enables it or additional hardware is needed? thanks :)
joseph mireles huge thanks for your support.  we can't wait for you to get portal operating in your network.
hlh line of sight placement gives the fastest connections between portals.  as long as your walls are not constructed with wire netting, metal surfaces, or stone that severely limits the radio penetration you should have no real performance issues with non-line of sight placements.
let me be the first to say, congratulations to the team on being funded! not a surprise in the least that it happened so quickly. can't wait for mine!
personally i would prefer matte black, but i'd be happy with a black option in any finish.
in your faq, it says "if connecting portals wirelessly, you should try to place them in line of sight with one another."  line of sight placement seems impractical for a mesh network. do you have any additional information on this?  thanks.
jason, portal scans both the 2.4ghz and 5ghz spectrum looking at traffic and interference.  portal can redirect devices around congestion in both bands, but 2.4ghz is typically too crowded and has to few channels to  make a really big difference like we see at 5ghz.
hi, and since the project is fully funded now, will you be adding stretch goals? +1 for usb 3.0. cheers, jason
hi, i am +1 for drew j comment on the 2.4ghz spectrum, is there anything being done to improve performance here as well since many legacy devices still use 2.4ghz only? thanks, jason
david, matte or gloss black?
i hope you will consider some extra colour choices. i'm not a big fan of white electronic devices and would much prefer a simple black option.
hi! any chance of having it in red in europe? �
@ashley - we will extend the order process with backerkit, so that you can add on even after the kickstarter has closed. our desire is to work with independent testing labs for these comparisons in real-world environments. look for this in the future.
@ingo - portal’s antenna arrays are mostly insensitive to horizontal vs. vertical mounting. there are mounting holes in the base for easy vertical mounting.
@ben - portal uses openvpn, but you will need to setup these services via the web browser interface in the initial release. not complicated, but less intuitive than the basic features available on the mobile app.
@kristopher - kickstarter does not permit you to post anything other than actual photos, and the oxblood color case is not yet completed. we should have this available shortly. in the meantime, here is a link to a color sample: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oxblood
@francis - the current portal is too far along for design changes at this point. but we will definitely consider poe for the next version. portal’s features are summarized at http://getportal.io/technology. the biggest features allow it to operate in today’s increasingly crowded wifi environments without loss of performance or reliability. portal uses openwrt and we are committed to supporting an open source development environment.
@rich - portal can either be a replacement for your existing router, or it can be connected to your exiting router via ethernet to add additional capabilities that portal offers (3x more available spectrum at 5ghz, traffic management, enhanced diagnostics, enhanced security, etc.). portal has gone through several levels of certification with the fcc and compatibility testing with the wifi alliance, and has been beaten up in our own 5,000 lab in taiwan. but if you want to absolutely guarantee that portal will work with your isp and all of your existing routers capabilities, we’d recommend that you wait until your isp has done their own compatibility testing and certified portal. however, this typically takes a year or two.
@martijn - the european model has been more expensive and time consuming to develop and we were not able to offer the super early bird. portal contains radios for both 2.4ghz and 5ghz so your devices can operate in both bands at the same time.
thank you. based on your information, i changed my pledge from the twin pack to the limited edition red model. when the time comes i hope to make the quantity 2 so i can get 2 red models. please correct me if i am wrong and if i should change my pledge back to the twin pack. thanks.
@joel - portal needs to be connected to the broadband modem with an ethernet cable (cat 5e or cat 6 for gigabit ethernet). an ethernet port should be available on the back of your broadband modem. thanks for sharing your performance data. at 12 feet, this is not that great. even if you’re not a power user, your neighbors might be. it is common to see interference from nearby wifi networks drop your data rate by 30-50% depending on how active these networks are. in these situations, portal will be able to avoid the traffic from the nearby wifi networks and get you closer to the performance of your broadband link. portal is also very low latency (close to that of a ethernet cable), so this will help with gaming on mobile devices. but we do like your idea of faster usb ports and killer support for something in the future.
@sean - all of these are under consideration for inclusion in the future. thanks for your feedback!
@michael - a summary of the features is available at www.getportal.io/technology. the biggest features allow portal to operate in today’s increasingly crowded wifi environments, without loss of performance or reliability. portal does have the ability to generate real-time graphs of your networks spectrum, looking at energy from wifi traffic and interference sources. we have not released a roadmap for our software and apps support, but portal will have an sdk for the router and the mobile applications. part of our intention in this kickstarter is to create a community to assist in the definition of these applications.
@peter - thanks for the feedback. this makes sense. now that we got rid of the ugly antenna, we can look at getting rid of the ugly wall wart.
@frank - thanks for letting us know. we will work with the fulfillment team at backerkit to see if this is possible.
@timothy - we're already looking into this stretch goal idea and will keep everyone informed. thanks for asking!
@madhu - we will work to accommodate your request for more portals, if possible, to all of the early backers first.
pledged yesterday for the oxblood. would probably want to get two to cover my house, so i'm hoping that is an option in backerkit. i'm considering my options between portal, (around $300 for 2, with the risks of kickstarter,)  luma, (around $300 for 3, as a regular preorder for june, price raising later,) and eero, (around $500 for 3, available now.) it seems like each has pros/cons, but i'm hoping portal will actually ship and would be the best option. any chance you could do a comparison of features with those products? do you intend to sell these at retail, or are you just planning to license the tech out to others in future? i'm asking since i wondered if i could buy a second unit later if i wanted one and what the retail price is expected to be for it. thanks
oh, and +1 for poe, of course, for my ceiling mount. (i would use it to replace a ubiquiti unifi ap, i would not use the routing features at all.)
i see that it should be kept horizontal - will a ceiling mount plate be provided so i can center it in my house?
@creator - will it be easy to setup vpn with services like privateinternetaccess or purvpn?
pledge submitted yesterday for the dark oxblood red version! i also would like to see an image of the color to see if it is what i am picturing (looks mostly black in low light but dark red tones come out in the light). can one be posted? i have been in the market for a new router for some time with nothing really jumping out as a must have so i was glad to see this come across the feed last night. looking forward to it (as long as it lives up to expectations).
just backed and excited to have a nice mu-mimo setup. i'd like to +1 for poe although im sure it's too late with the design to add that to the mainboard. either way i would also like to know what advanced features are available? some basics such as port forwarding, qos, web management? is the os proprietary or based on something open source? thanks.
@creator please describe in detail how this router will replace my current centurylink router or will it be an "add-on" like @ john mcging suggested earlier. i cant see how we wont lose functionality of smart features if it will indeed even work at all. is this guaranteed to work with my isp ?
@creator - today i backed our project but still have some questions: 1) why isn't there a super early bird ($139) tier for the european version? 2) most smart home products use 2.4ghz and other (newer) products use 5ghz. most routers don't support both frequencies at the same time and you have to choose one of the two. does portal support both frequencies at the same time and can i use 2.4 ghz and 5 ghz products at the same time? 3) can you pls confirm again that european backers do not have to pay customs fees/charges?
i decided to pledge but i'm looking at the back of the router and i noticed something peculiar that could most definitely affect my useage. i get my cable and internet services through coaxial cables, how would i go about connecting this to my isp cabling? will i need make any upgrades in the future? just for laughs because i can imagine a lot of people doing this, my router is in my wireless antennas direct line of sight at around 12 feet of separation. below are my results. my mother and i are a real low tech family so we shouldn't have much interference and we're supposed to be getting speeds of 60mb downloads so i'm wondering how this will help things... http://www.speedtest.net/result/5315979689.png i too would love to see usb 3.0 and even c compatibility in the future or with stretch goals. i also know that this would be an actual stretch, but for this kind of router, would it be possible for one of the gigabit ethernet ports to be swapped out with a killer e2400 gigabit ethernet port? i don't know if it would help people any, i personally don't use my ports anymore but i do hear that wired connections are often times less latient so for gamers perhaps this could be a good thing?
are any of these considerations: poe, usb 3.0, win 10 app (aka win mobile app)? any and all would be great additions
what "advanced" features other than qos will it have? static dhcp leases, realtime traffic graphs, etc? what are plans for future software releases? i'd like poe as well!
i love to see poe (power over ethernet) support, to allow for easy wall mount and get rid of ugly adapters. since you're promoting the design of portal, poe would be the best option...
i just purchased the twin pack but i want to request that it be sent out as an early bird purchase. please let me know if there is anything i need to do.
i guess you've already sort of answered this, but could it be possible to make a stretch goal for usb3 ports if the amount pledged ends up being extensive enough?
might be wishful thinking but most of us get our internet via xfinity or fios or whoever. fios wants you to use their wifi if you want to use tablets and such for watching dvr and programs remotely. you can turn off their router's weak wifi and bridge a router with better wifi capabilities and still get the remote access. but bridging often lobotomizes smart routers, like google's onhub. it would be nice if products like yours helped consumers better use such a smart router when the isp is a bit evil :) also, it would be nice if you could have two devices mesh while they were bridged, so you could connect one off the isp's router and using a moca bridge in another part of the house, connect a 2nd smart router (bridged) and have the wifi in that area benefit from the better wifi.  just saying, very few folks can use a router like this out of the box given the way they get their tv and internet. it means giving something up.  anyway, just saying it would be nice.
i am not sure we can change the quantity in kickstarter. so are you saying - if i just pick one super early bird - and when the time comes to ship - in backerkit, i can change the quantity to 2. if everyone does that - then aren't you essentially giving more than 200 super early bird specials.
hi rob, we recommend choosing the "twin pack" option instead. please contact us via private message to discuss this in more detail. thank you!
i wanted to get 2x early bird europe portals so i have made a single pledge at $164 and then changed the pledge to $313. is that the right approach? can i now expect 2x portals under the early bird timescale shipped to the uk with no extra shipping or custom charges?
@creator whew, thanks!
how is the 2.4ghz spectrum handled.  i mean it seems there is a lot of talk about handling he 5ghz spectrum but are you doing anything to help with 2.4ghz?
hi rees, in response to your question: the early production batch will come from the same production line as the main production run.  we’re doing extensive real-world beta testing now, and a lot more will be done before we release the final design to production. our team has shipped hundreds of unique designs to well-known consumer brands that have shipped millions of units of product, so we take testing very seriously. suffice it to say, the early and main production runs are identical parts and have gone through identical levels of testing.
hi ming! we have a “twin pack” reward level that will let you order 2 portals together. you can use them paired together (using adaptive smart mesh) or simply share it with a friend and use them singly. thanks for asking!
hi john! yes, that's all the requirements you need. all client devices supporting 802.11ac can use this new spectrum with portal. and by the way, most of your older 5ghz 802.11n client devices will also work seamlessly with portal to use this new spectrum. portal is dual-band dual-concurrent, meaning that it also simultaneously operates on 2.4ghz to support legacy client devices with just 802.11b/g/n.
hi dps. in response to your question, yes, we are doing a lot of testing; both in our lab and by our manufacturing partners. and before we ship, portal will we thoroughly tested and certified by multiple regulatory agencies like the fcc, etsi, ce, ul, etc. and other certification bodies like the wifi alliance and interoperability test labs (to make sure they work well with your iphone, android, macbook, etc.). any hardware issues will be identified early and, of course, corrected before we ship. thanks for your interest!
hi stephan, portal will be etsi and ce (eu regulatory) certified, and the custom and shipping fees are included in your pledge and shipping amount. thanks for asking!
thanks for the answer. by eu friendly i meant in regards to custom fees. sorry for not being clear enough.
@madhu the twin pack isn't an early bird version, but it's cheaper than the two of the full-price "kickstarter" versions. however, it was mentioned that if you select the early bird price you can pledge twice that price for two.
hello  a couple of quick questions about the the campaign.  1. can you put a picture of the red exclusive version on the campaign  2. when 1 portal is 139$ for the super early bird, why is the twin pack 298$. shouldn't it be 278$. is there some additional hardware that comes with the twin pack to enable mesh network.  can you please let me know as soon as possible so i can decide which one to back. thanks.
i, too, have a concern with the "early production batch." are you using these as a way to get real world beta testing? will the later production models be different? the super early backers need to know we'll be taken care of if there are issues you discover when those units are out two months prior to the regular shipping units.
little confused. so should we pledge for more than one or wait till the backerkit stuff come in play and just say we want 2?
what are the client requirements to use the new spectrum? is 5ghz 802.11ac enough?
thank you for asking, ken. we will definitely consider your request in future versions of portal.
for early early backers, i am guessing issues will be there as testing is being done. hoping no hw issues but if any, will they be corrected how if there is an hw issue found?
thank you for your support, joseph!
thanks for your question, stephen. yes, you can pledge for more than one router. also, we are using backerkit for order fulfillment and they will allow change orders until the your portal(s) is shipped.
i'll +1 someone else who asked about pledging for more than 1.  even better would be if as an early backer we could have an option to see if 1 is enough for our house and buy another 1-2 at the same price.  though i understand if you'd prefer to just do a pledge level at that price for more than 1.
ps: i should clarify... can i pledge early bird for more than one router? thank you!
can i pledge for more than one router? (i have a three story, 3000 square foot house, so i would like to daisy chain two routers.) thank you!
just heard about portal from an engadget article. i'm very excited from what i read that i backed immediately. good luck to you all!
hi stephan! thank you for your interest. yes, this project is eu friendly. we will be producing units that are certified to operate in the us, canada and the eu. you can find more detailed information in the reward section.
is this project eu friendly?
any chance of seeing those usp ports upgraded to usb3, maybe even just one of them?
