@amanda thank you for the feedback! glad you liked the notebooks. if you have any more feedback, please don't hesitate to reach out to us and let us know!
can confirm on quick shipping as well, the new notebooks i ordered arrived within the same week.
i'm so happy with this product. i ordered 3 more. thank you!
@roy: thanks! glad to hear that you've liked our notebooks so far. as for the pocket, who knows, we may be releasing something with them in the future :) let us know if you have any other suggestions! we're always available.
i was kicking myself for spending so much on notebooks and then they actually arrived... they're amazing! they open flatter and have better paper than anything i've ever used. if only it had a pocket in the back...
@robott: thank you for the kind words! we do have all of our notebooks in stock now at our website, www.codeandquill.com, and they ship within 1 business day.
received the notebooks last week and they are very high quality and exactly what i was hoping for. thank you guys for your hard work and really solid finished product. if i were to place another order through your site now, do you guys already have the stock and are able to ship right away?
@mike: no problem! really glad you liked the packaging. a surprising amount of effort, sampling, and headaches went into it haha. please let us know what you think when you get to using the notebooks :)
sorry ronak! typo on your name. :)
@creator - just received my traveller and origin (and the scribe too!) awesome packaging ronan! even better than the ones you see from the shops. i might need to stare at this for a while before i open it. :) thanks again!
after you replied to my message, the tracking number became wrong or mistake one �
@kenneth: thanks! love hearing about happy backers :)
received my reward today.  sweet!!!  worth the wait.  thanks.
@abulkhair: we responded to your message on kickstarter for details :)
hi, you sent me an email with tracking number, when i check it online, no change had happen. i sent an email to customer services to know where is my shipment. they replied as below: hello, dhl received an electronic alert (pre-shipment information) from your sender on 6/17/2015 advising that you placed an order and that there was a shipment to come. however, the physical package has not yet been released to dhl for shipment. please contact your sender to see when your item(s) will be released for shipment. i apologize about the inconvenience.  tonya consumer service representative  dhl ecommerce www.dhlecommerce-usa.com
@arthur: we can completely understand. we love our lamy's and twsbi pens as well! please keep an eye out for newer versions as we further improve our products, and release new ones, based on all of your awesome feedback. thank you very much for your support and please continue to let us know what you think about the products so we can improve quickly!
thanks for the response ronak, i'll look forward to a future version. love the design, but i prefer to use fountain pens at work and don't want to be limited in my ink options. best of luck!
@arthur: we have addressed this to the best of our ability on the forums that you've likely seen those reports (on reddit) :) we have tested the newer paper that is in the larger books, and had good results with more well-behaved fountain pen ink (e.g noodler's black). however, we are looking in to improvement for future iterations to accept a broader range of fountain pen inks. @kim: thank you very much. hope you enjoy!
no disappointment here! well made and very nicely packaged. thank you!
some early reports are in, and the paper in the larger notebooks doesn't seem to handle fountain pens quite as well as originally advertised. did you do any testing with the new paper you switched to? it seems the scribes use a slightly different, yellower paper (the original?) which behaves much better.
@dylan: thank you for the feedback! we can understand that our design choice may not be for everyone, but we sincerely hope that the notebooks do serve you well in whatever you choose to do with them, regardless of how we've designed them aesthetically :)
just received mine today. they look to be excellent but i must say that i absolutely despise the design choice in adding the badge on the cover and took to peeling them off immediately. it's a shame because otherwise they are very nice.
@ciara thank you for the kind words. we're really glad you like them!
i received mine today and the notebooks are perfect!  exactly as described or better.  a very well-made product.  i can't wait to start using it.
@niko: thank you very much! we just hope it was well worth the wait.
got mine today and everything looks great! can't wait to start trying these out. amazing job guys; great campaign!
@frédéric-simon: thank you for the kind words! we're certainly trying to form some retail partnerships to get the notebooks available in stores as soon as we can!
just received my 2 traveler + 2 origin + the scribe! packaging is awesome and the product looks great! really hope you manage to make them available a bit everywhere and mass produce them! maybe it'll be possible to have them a bit less expensive! love the job you did! might order more soon!
sorry to those my last comment may have confused; amanda's question was misread on our part. the scribe notebooks are not currently available, but will be in the near future in additional color choices.
@amanda: absolutely! just head on over to our website, www.codeandquill.com. all notebooks are in stock :)
just got mine! it looks awesome. i'm currently a medical student and think the scribe notebook would be perfect for clinicals. is there a way to order more?
@jamie monroe, @greg french: thanks for baring with us throughout the process! really excited for you to get your notebooks!
got my shipping notice and i'm so excited for my notebooks! thank you guys for such great communication, this has been such an easy and stress-free kickstarter.
has anyone received the shipping notice?
i just receive a shipping notice. very excited.
@nelson: our last update pretty much summed up where we are at the moment. everything is going just fine, and as mentioned, we expect all shipments to be out by the end of the 16th.
any updates? june 16th is a week away
@michael gurau: we received your email, and responded to your questions :) hope that helps! again, if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to us again.
is it possible to get a refund?
@kelly we'll be putting out an update tomorrow, but the short answer is yes, the shipment is on its way and should be here quite soon :)
should we be expecting the books soon?
@dave graham: we're posting updates now about every 2 weeks, and a new one will be coming within the next two days. stay tuned!
updates?
bummer! i was hoping to start using the notebooks for classes, but my semester ends beginning of may! i guess i'll have to wait till fall semester -_- but i cant wait for my notebook, i'm excited
@kirsten, @justin: thanks for the information! we'll certainly look into it with our partners in distribution.
what kristen is looking for comes in two forms. if you are shipping internationally using a postal solution you want a cn-22 (also known as a 2976 to the u.s. postal service). if you are using a carrier like ups or fedex you will need a commercial invoice. which ever is used is placed in a clear pouch on the outside of the shipping container.
could you please put a proper invoice (you should see the total price, the shipping costs and what kind of product is inside) outside the package once you ship it? that should help to avoid a(nother) visit to the customs office (which really is no fun)! thx!!!
@ kyle n: hi kyle. we'll be posting an update on the 13th or 14th with some more information about everything that's been going on within the past two weeks. as we mentioned a bit in previous comments and updates, our shipping time for the notebooks has been moved  bit to april so that we could include everyone's free scribe notebooks with their orders instead of having to charge everyone for additional shipping. currently, our manufacturers are working hard to get everything made while we make sure that everything gets inspected properly. in fact, we're currently visiting them. but more on that in the upcoming update. thanks for being patient with us. we can assure you that you'll be seeing an update here soon.
any updates? it's been a little over two weeks since the last update and we are well within the delivery time frame. have any notebooks shipped? are we on track for march delivery? thanks for any updates
@ laura horak: you can take a look at the light gray and teal origin on our updates page! it should give a better idea of what the color combination will look like. the traveler in the newer color combination will look the same, except for the softcover of course. hope that helps.
*the illustration.
is there a way to see a picture of the teal and light gray? i'm on the fence between that and the dark gray but can only seem to find be illustration. thanks! super excited.
@terry sorry for the confusion! there are now three different color combinations available for both the origin and the traveler: white with red accents (white/red), gray with red accents (gray/red), and a light gray with teal accents (light gray/teal). the first color corresponds with the cover color (either white, gray, or light gray), and the second color corresponds to the color of the logo cloth strip, as well as the first and last accent pages in the notebooks. every writing page is the same off-white color, regardless of which color option is chosen. because you have chosen the traveler two-pack, you can choose which colors you'd like for each of your travelers, even the newly released light gray and teal option, if you choose. of course, if you would just like one of each of our original color options, just choose the "white/red" option for one of the travelers, and "gray/red" for the other. finally, the scribe is only offered in our original white/red combination at the moment, so there are no additional color options for the pocket notebook. hope that answers your questions! if you have any others, please feel free to post another comment, message us directly here on kickstarter, or contact us at support@codeandquill.com. thanks!
hi there, i'm confused about the color choices. i backed the traveller 2 pack (one white, one gray) and i assume it's white paper inside. the reward survey offers different new color combinations (white / red, gray / red, light gray / teal). are these colors meant to indicate white cover with red pages? like "all the pages" are red? or just the inside cover? what if i just want the original traveller 2 pack option? ad are there color choices for the free scribe? sorry if these questions have been asked already! thanks!
@seif we're actually currently working on getting them made simultaneously with the origin and traveler notebooks that you all have ordered so that we can send them all as part of your main shipments. this way, noone has to pay for additional shipping. in the case that this doesn't work out the way we plan, we'll be sending out another email when they are ready, and those shipping payments will be taken through our website (www.codeandquill.com) instead. we'll share that information if we get to that point. if all things go well, hopefully we can circumvent that and just send you your free notebooks without charging you another dime :)
how we are going to pay shipping for the free pocket size?
@ronnie thanks! we're hoping that we can figure out some changes with our shipping charges to really drive them down and pass the savings on to you all. we appreciate your understanding and support thus far.
yay!
i'm so excited to have a new notebook for my collection of notebooks to write in! i hope eventually the cost comes down somewhat so that i can choose to write in one specific kind of notebook for the year and choose this one. congratulations on your success!
@tasha we will definitely keep all of you backers updated. thanks for understanding, and thank you for the support!
great to see you reached the 3rd stretch goal. love that your looking into ways to save us money on shipping and letting us know it may delay the project so early on. i'd rather get it a few weeks or a month later than having to pay for shipping on the scribe. please keep us updated regularly as that makes a big difference in how supportive & patient backers are. the sample of grey and teal looks really nice. i got 2 as gifts for 2 artists in my life. i think they are going to love these.
great to see the project fully funded. i am excited to see the finished product.
@erica thanks for the kind words. it came out really well!
light gray and tall is gorgeous! nice choice.
@ashlee haha we can't wait for you to get them either! we're going to be pushing them out as soon as we possibly can.
currently working on team treehouse and desperately wishing i had my code & quill notebooks instead of this lame ol' spiral bound i'm working with at present. c'mooooon, notebooks! haha. i know they've only just been funded, but i can hardly wait.
@shawn: at the moment, we can't offer that as it would require us to manufacture a separate set of notebooks with that page orientation. @evan: thanks evan. it's a small delay, but nothing too major! naturally we'll keep everyone updates if anything comes up :)
re: shipping late - i personally am ok with a slight delay like this.  when a project way exceeds it's goals on kickstarter it does typically experience delays - if you get these out within a month or so of your expected date that's pretty good in my book.  as long as you send updates i don't see the delay being a big deal!
could we have the indentation on the left and dots on the right if we want?
@ tyler mclean: due to the quadrupling of the amount of notebooks we planned on getting manufactured, we were told that completing the shipment of the entire order will take an extra 2 weeks. we're also trying to combine the free scribe notebooks into everyone's backer rewards so that no one has to pay for extra shipping (specifically international backers), which naturally would extend the timeline marginally. in either case, we've already done the sampling ahead of time and it's simply a manufacturing process at this point. hope that explains the process a bit more!
or is the april delivery for the scribe?
your already estimating delivery a month after your stated one even before the end of the campaign?
@ sam: looking like april if things go smoothly :)
when are they shipping?
@adam we really are too! can't wait to hear what you all think.
looking forward to receiving these amazing books!!!
@kyle thanks for your support!
glad i found this before funding ended. two origins will be heading my way! i'll be sure to share it with some friends so we can hopefully meet the final stretch goal.
@william the pages are all 100gsm, so they are going to be thicker than your average notebook. we've tested the pages with a handful of inks from a fine-nib fountain pen, and have found that the ink fares great. if the ink is particularly 'wet', so to speak, it may take an extra moment to dry, but we haven't found it to be any serious amount of time. just don't take a paint brush to the pages :p
thanks for the reply! also, are the papers hard and thick? i bought a paperblanks notebook and the pages are too thick and hard that my pen doesn't dry fast enough. or, maybe i should ask, what kind of pen is more suited to write in these notebooks? thanks!
@frédéric-simon they will be 100 pages at the moment, mainly due to the 180 pages we originally had it at made the notebook fold in on itself, which we hated. we'll likely have other softcover notebooks lines in the future, through our website, that will fulfill the larger page requirement you're looking for, but it will probably still be a while. hopefully by the time you order more, you'll have additional options!
i read that the traveler version will be limited to 100 pages which i find a little short.... will it eventually be available in something like 200? over your website or something? i kickstarted to try them and if i like then i would probably order more but i'd love to have them a little bit bigger!
@frédéric-simon haha congrats, and thanks for helping us get there!
w00t! i'm the 1k backer! :d
@abulkhair unfortunately, we don't have any plans for that at the moment. but we'll certainly be releasing more products in the future, so stay tuned on our website to see if any future products may interest you!
hi creator,  is there any chance to make those beautiful notes in (right to left) direction for arabic use?
i can't wait to get mine! great product!
@ronan, thx for the answer. sounds great and cool.
@ronak would be perfect. thanks for your care of the "overseas" :d
@william we have a lot of different things planned for future releases. though we can't promise anything now, it's certainly something we're thinking about.
will you be making lined pages on both sides in the future?
@thorsten there may be a way of combining the pledged notebooks and the pocket books if we're able to come to an agreement with our manufacturers in time. we'll be trying our best to make it happen! we know shipping overseas is extremely expensive, and are actively looking for ways to make that easier. we'll let you all know as soon as we can figure something out. @sune the material used on the softcover 'cover' is a 320gsm paper (closer to card-stock), which is then laminated to increase durability. you won't have to worry about the quality of the notebooks themselves, as we're taking very strict measures to make sure every notebook matches up to our expectation. the hardcover material is faux-leather cover with a polyurethane coating to resist wear. hope that answers your questions!
hi ronan. i just had a closer look on the website. i'm thinking of 'upgrading' my pledge to origin, 'cause i can not figure out the quality of the softcover on the 'traveller'. what is the material for the the to cover types?  btw - can't wait to get the notebooks!
hope to get the promised pocket book without the extra-extra shipping of 15 usd again to germany. maybe any world-wide-offer for us dudes from oversea? love the new stretch goal. all the best for you and the campaign!!!!
@sai it has been 20 days since this campaign started. we've listed basically every combination we could think of that made sense. except for an origin two-pack...wow. thanks for bringing this up, and it has been added :)
ronan would you consider offering a tier with a 2-pack of the origins?
i am so glat to be within the crowd of backers now :d germany is on the run!
@jon you'll pick one of the three available color combination choices after the campaign ends for each of your notebooks. we'll be sending out a survey to gather all that information.
when do we get to pick colour combination ?
@raf there is not, but i'll send you a message with further instructions!
hi, with the availability of the latest stretch goal reward, is there a new pledge option for origin x3 and traveler x3, for those of us that would like every combination?
@kenneth unfortunately, kickstarter doesn't have the option of multiple rewards per backer (i have no idea why). i'll shoot you a message here in a bit for a work-around :)
how can i support the project with multiple reward options?  i have already pledged one amount and want to pledge another amount to tryout the new notebook offerings.
absolutely! our online shop (www.codeandquill.com) will be ready for orders shortly after the campaign ends. we're also already in the process of redesigning the website, which should be re-launched in april. there's a few new product ideas that are circling as well, so there'll be some great new additions to check out over the new few months!
i really like the look and design these notebooks have got going on! do you plan on selling them after the project?
@ yuliya gorlina: more standard page layouts are definitely being considered! thanks for the suggestion.
how about an option for a notebook that is all dot grid without the indentation lines?  i'm a big fan of grids...
hi david, thank you very much for the suggestions. we have definitely considered it! we may have a "quicker" stretch goal that will come first (released tomorrow), and we'll be entertaining that option. the only issue that causes is a delay for those who would want those pocket-sized notebooks, as the process behind designing, sampling, manufacturing, and then shipping those will have to start from the very beginning, unlike our current iteration of notebooks. we may try to find a way around it, maybe having a another reward option with a later ship date. regardless of what happens, we will definitely keep you all in the loop. and of course, you can be certain that we're taking in all the feedback that we've been getting to plan out our future notebooks lines. this whole project was started not just to be a single product to make and ship, but the foundation of a company that we really look forward to growing and building with all of you, so even if the smaller-sized notebooks don't happen to appear during the timeline of this campaign, there will definitely be more options like that coming in the near future.
the indentation rule intrigues me. a fine second stretch goal would be some pocket-sized notebooks.
can't wait to see the light grey & teal option!
hi jeremy, the pen is a lamy al-star. the one that is shown is the aluminum version. it's a fantastic fountain pen!
these are awesome, can't wait to fill them up with ideas. quick question, what type of pen are you using in the photos and the video?
thanks adam! we really appreciate the support :)
love the design just put my pledge in for the origin and the traveler.
