have not recieved mine yet
i'm very excited to receive my triller, but nothing has arrived yet (i'm in australia).  i haven't received a shipping update or tracking number.  can you please when i should be receiving it?
@guitartriller i got your email with the tracking number. i checked it out today and the shipment is still partying in jamaica since june and doesn't seem to want to come over to the philippines! a little help?
here is my five star review left august 9 on amazon. as a backer for this unique and versatile product i find myself looking for stringed instruments that need to be played with this wonderful picking system. it has opened an entirely new vista of sounds and technique creating a variety of microphone placement options, types and effects that will begin to very shortly add to our collection of recorded music. this is a very exciting and innovative product that will challenge musicians to try a entirely new branch of sound from their instruments. well done!
i left a 5-star review on amazon. how should i send it to guitar triller?
i left a 5-star review on amazon. how should i send it to guitar triller?
@harry, we just checked and we did not send it out. we need your mailing address please. there are several ways to send it to us. a) fill out the rewards survey on kickstarter b) message us a private message on kickstarter c) email us at hello@guitartriller.com thank you so much for your continued support!!!
i have not received my pledge can you tell me when to expect?
@christopher_north hey christopher! thank you for supporting us. you are very talented, just checked out your imdb and it's very impressive! your guitar triller is going in the mail on monday! looking forward to connecting! going to send you a private message now.
i just saw a friend (sarah of noveller) with a triller and realized i haven't received mine yet. i'm backer #704. please send on asap!!! i love to use this on horror feature film score i just started. i'm off to la aug 16-27, would be great to it before then, with score done by sept 9th! thanks   -c  www.christophernorth.com www.imdb.me/christophernorth
@beethoven hello and thank you for backing us! we shipped out your reward in june. we'll send you a private message now with the tracking number. please double check the address we shipped to and let us know. thanks!
@guitartriller hello. i'm backer #344 and i live in the philippines. when should i expect the arrival of my items? any idea?
@steve s - thats great news! if #1 makes an appearance just keep them both :)
#2 made it; we'll see if #1 makes an appearance
got mine a bought a month ago. it is fun. i will watch tutorial for better ideas to use the triller
thanks - if two eventually make it here i'll send one back.
@steve s - not sure how it ended up on that boat! we'll ship you a new one asap and private message you the usps tracking number. thanks steve!
@john w - we know yours was delivered. hope you are enjoying it!
maybe mine took a slow boat?
have not yet recieved my triller, hoping it's just on it's way?
got my triller and also enjoying the you tubes about its uses and some fun facts you guys have learned as you experiment with it.
hey cheryl, we're so sorry about that. it was definitely an honest mistake on our part. we sent you a new package with a little something extra : )  we are sending you a private message now with the usps tracking number. thank you for your support.
i backed for two trillers, but only received one and an empty box. obviously not too happy here.
got mine in the uk sometime last week (was away when it arrived). very pleased with it and how the project delivered what it set out to and with very few setbacks. could do with a bit of colour on the logo - one for the future though and i could always use a sharpie to personalise it! the triller takes a bit of time to get used to handling but its just a new way of holding it. my tonewoodamp (another awesome ks project) is about to get a lot more interesting  :-)
thank you raymond s and john m! that means a lot to us!
excited to see my triller is shipping. i thought you did a great job with updates throughout the entire process.
you guys are the greatest! thanks so much for the updates! i'm really excited and looking forward! all the best! rachamim
hi just wondering if factory have shipped items to you since last update ~> thanks
@rebecca, yes you can change your address through kickstarter or just send us a private message with the new address. we will accommodate. thank you so much for your support!
hello, i have a quick question, is it possible to change shipping to a different country? as i was expecting delivery in march, i put down the address as my address in the usa, however, as of the 4th of june, i will be living in ireland and with the delays i would now need to change the delivery address as i will no longer be in the states and it does not look like it will arrive before i depart. thanks rebecca
glad to hear an update. it looks like we are getting into the final. a little effort and we can start playing. thank you for the update. :)
hey all, we just posted an exciting update. please check it out : )
it was delayed again to early may in update 11. based on this update 12 it's now going to be delayed again to mid to late may for usa. will this be the last delay? with all the push to promote on guitar magazine,guitar player and fb i would think backers and getting finished product out would be priority. it doesn't give a good impression nor sit well and help with backers spreading good word so i really do hope this is last delay? please let us know with a clear ship date~ thanks
it's getting a bit ridiculous at this stage, as a march delivery backer i understand delays can happen but lack of updates on these delays is unprofessional. i bought this as a christmas present for somebody and i have to keep telling them it's not ready yet without being able to give them any real update.
update 7 stated february/march delivery now we are approaching may in about a week. please update as update from a month ago states april/early may. is this still current projected delayed date or are we delayed again?
approaching may any updates?
any updates? we haven't heard from you in a while.
hello, i was a march delivery backer. can you tell me when i should expect to receive the reward?
kimberly, the main material we are using in the manufactured trillers is nylon.  nylon has a great sonic resonance and is used in many musical accessories (nylon strings, nylon picks, etc).  these changes only improve the manufactured trillers' sound and strength.  they will definitely sound and feel better than our 3d printed prototypes.  the recoil motion produced will be enhanced as well.  thank you for the awesome questions!   you rock!!!!
i mean the video aired on facebook by guitar player magazine and video here?
i'm wondering since video posted on you showed 3d version ~> since you have now changed it by adding more ingredients/materials changing texture has this changed with recoil motion etc and quality of product? any video with new one since the aired version is different now?
re newsletter #10: great news and no worries about the delay. but. your news about the video is really interesting. you have made a marketing bloop by not including a link to it. just saying
update please.
hello, we haven't heard from u in awhile so , just checking in to make sure everything is still on track as planed ? please update us . thanks
hi alex and jeremy~ my triller under tree arrived safely in mail today!!  will be giving to son and the final production one to me when that's made ~~ thank you!!! you guys rock~~ps i like the instructions too so he will know how to use
congrats !!!
they had pledges to receive trillers for various months,december,january,march and april~~ it depends what you pledged as to when you get
congratulation !!:) such a great idea!! i wanted to ask, and i know its hard to say, if you think it would be possible to receive it before the third week of march as im going to australia burning man ( blazing swan) and there im gonna jam out for 8 days non stop, i would love to have triller with me! thanks for the understanding, i wont die with out it but it would be totally amazing and inspirational!:) cheers
congrats on getting your project funded! best wishes on your endeavours
last minute pledge but happy to be part of this! whta a great tool! all the best guys ! arturo
mary i know one of the pledges without lesson is the 2 pack and of all campaign i've pledged in ~ people have added another account to order more of something if there isn't an add on ~~~~maybe at end they can do add on to order as many as people would like by each triller you should message them for those that may want one extra or 10 extra most people will message people doing campaign as not all read comments
is there a way to add on trillers without adding lessons as well?
ingenious! i am really looking forward to to try this new thing! hope the project goes through! wish you all luck//axel from sweden
@bernie, thank you! excited to have your support and creative energy thrown behind the gt. look forward to your youtube posts with it :) @alvina, this is an awesome question and something we've thought a lot about. we'll update if we come up with a great solution.
is it possible to design the triller with an easy carry feature? that way the guitar player can hang it around their neck or around their wrist during their performance for easy retrieval
just great to see some new ideas for playing the guitar, nothing wrong with that. happy to back it purely for that reason. all the best you guys! b
ah i remember seing this or something like this a while back on sky news yeah they got someone to use it and give a review or opinion on it i'm glad i found this cuz i was wondering what happened ever since then.
hi kimberly, great question and thank you for asking.  the gray, silver, and purple prototypes you see in the video are 3d printed. we've vetted two great manufacturers, who we feel, can produce the best quality production models possible.  our main objective is to get the gt produced with the highest precision and perfect weight.  there are several ways to get there, but certain methods might limit us to certain color choices. we know that we can do all-white or all-black as of now. we are hoping that we will have multiple color choices before we mass produce. if we do, and we have to make a choice, then we will outsource that decision to our backers for a vote via a quick survey. if we can do small batches (less than 1,000 each color) we'd love to bring those options to our backers. our goal is to bring you as many color choices as possible and to include you in the process, with updates and surveys if applicable. for the 3d printed models, you can choose between red, blue, and yellow.  3d printing is a very efficient way to rapid prototype so we can have them shipped out right when the campaign ends. thank you so much for being a part of this project!! sincerely jeremy & alex
are there plans to do something about the very high international shipping costs? 15$ is a lot! must be cheaper ways to send it (i hope). thanks!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
can you show actual colors that will be available for choices via a picture i've seen the prototype colors only and in the video the grayish silver,black and purple in the what i believe is final design  ~ so can u show pic of all actual available not like pic shown in reward section but actual colors?
so glad to be a backer! i'm really looking forward to using the triller.
