the battery for all 7 of them died within few months, and i gave up using them. disappointing
being an original backer of these...my thoughts are ..having tried to use them in the real world i find that the battery life is about 1 month (if you are lucky) and as others have said that this is the norm. i have stopped using them as i am unable to trust that should one day i loose my keys that the batteries would have enough juice to report back. sorry but yet another kickstarter failure sorry to say
@david and @toby, we're sorry to hear you're having these issues. the battery life on our current units is 6 months to a year, depending on use. can you both send us an email at contact@xyfindit.com to arrange a replacement?
i'm an original backer also and i had to retire these too. i couldn't keep up with the batteries. it literally seemed like they were dead within a month and when you have 6 active- you're replacing batteries constantly. like previous comments- i ordered bulk from amazon- can't keep up so they're done.
one of the original backers here. also faithful user of testflight and always install latest version (quite frequent).  i have to say, and it's painful, that these devices eat batteries. i mean like monthly. bought a huge amount of these, and basically ordering batteries in bulk from amzn. battery gauge works to tell me to put new one in. gave a couple to family members and they gave up. tough break, really.
please let's hear from others that have tried to use in the real world... also think i will make a youtube vid.
also had to buy new battery, but now they are going on ebay and they can be someone else's loss
tried to use this week on vacation and what a piece of crap!! they work only if your within 5 feet and not in a outer pocket of a suitcase! biggest waste of cash!!!!
@chris. please check your email associated with this account- it looks like there was an error in processing your payment when you upgraded to the 7-pack. please let me know via email how you'd like to proceed. sorry for the mixup and thanks for your support! johnny
hey! i backed this project a long long long time ago... i haven't received anything? can someone help me?
@randy, i'm very sorry to hear you're experiencing technical difficulties with the beeping function. we'd be happy to assist you until any and all issues are fully resolved. first, i'd like to make sure you're using the latest version of the xy app because we have made some enhancements that may help address the issue you experienced with the app not connecting when you try to activate the beeping function. may i ask which version of the app you're currently using? regarding the sound your beacon emits, we have two different sounds available right now may i ask if the sound your beacon emits is a steady beeping or is it more like a melody? if you would prefer to try a beacon with a different sound, we'd be happy to assist you with an exchange. our main goal is for you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase. could you send us an email at contact@xyfindit.com? please include what phone or device you're using and the version of the app. the app version can be found in the "feedback" section of the app. thanks for your feedback - we hope we can get this sorted out to your satisfaction!
i got the items and it doesn't work well. sometimes doesn't go off and, when it does, the sound is so faint you can only hear it when it's absolutely quiet.  i tested this in public and it's worthless.  after an internet search i found that dozens of people are making a similar competing device and none of them seem to work very well. in a nutshell, it's not proprietary, not original and not ready for prime time.
i have just checked kickstarter and it says you haven't sent the survey yet so wondering when this is going to happen?
did you guys give up on this project and trying to shift the company to a different place? if so good luck!
@azhrei--the status reading of the xy beacon shouldn't affect the battery life so we apologize that the batteries didn't last as long as expected. we're constantly working on enhancements to the xy app to improve the user experience and improving battery life is one of them.
well i've had to replace the battery again, it lasted a bit over 2 months total.  also, the low battery warning never went off.  i do normally keep my phone upstairs and my keys downstairs so the beacon is at the extreme range of the phone (xy says it's "very far"), i wonder if that somehow impacts battery life?  i want to like these beacons but if it dies again in 2 months i don't know if i'll keep feeding it batteries.
guys. the app on note3 has flaws. the left button menu box is unable to see  any text. and is the feature to report lost of xy to community is remove? i'm unable to find that function.
@alice - can you make sure your beacon is not set to mute? if it isn't, please submit an inquiry to us via your in-app feedback found in your menu, and we can get that over to our developer right away.
finally replaced my batteries that had gone dead without me noticing and was testing out the new batteries--why would one of my beacons make the beeping sound with no issue and the other not make a sound at all? both are detected by the app with no problem.
@azhrei & @gouzou - we truly appreciate your candid feedback.  this is definitely high on our list of things to consider, as we have heard similar feedback to yours, and do want it to be easy for users to manage.  i'll be relaying your feedback to the appropriate individuals.  @gouzou - the battery reading feature is coming for ios soon! i'll also be making sure to relay your enhancement idea about the personalized tones to the appropriate team member.
or maybe a well placed screw might also do the job for an easier way to open it. i also miss a low batt feature. quite a lot actually. thank you team for allowing me to locate the tags when not connected to the internet abroad. personalized sorted groups of beacons would also be great, as a list sorted by proximity. any chance to put a personalized tone for the localization song? cheers guys
so i've finally gotten around to replacing the batteries in some of my beacons that had apparently been dead for over a month.  i'm assuming they died before the low battery notification feature went in, but if it was in the app already, well, it didn't work.  i guess i'll find out after they die the next time. while the beacons do their job just fine, i gotta say that despite doing it multiple times now, i still mangle the beacon's plastic opening.  please keep this in mind for any future version you guys make, as i wouldn't be surprised if i've broken the water seal on at least one of mine trying to get it open.  i've found i need to use exactly the correct size screwdriver or i just make  large gouges in the soft plastic. i actually like the feel of the plastic but please think about reinforcing that opening slot with some much harder material in the future.
@liam - we'd be happy to assist you with this.  i will be emailing you to the email address we have on your kickstarter profile shortly.
@magnus - your beacons use replaceable cr2032 batteries.  they are technically water resistant, therefore a little tricky to open.  here's a link to help you open your beacons: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
is there a way to reset the beacon, i had one claimed on an old account, but i lost the password for that account, so i made a new account, but the beacon is still claimed to the old account.
all of my tags (7 pcs...) is also out of battery. the first tag i received, the "xy compatible tag" ment as a sample is still working. yaay...
@david - i'm so sorry to hear that your beacon was out of battery just when you needed it.  we've already implemented low battery notifications on our android app, and ios is next, as we do understand the importance of knowing when a battery is running low.  i have just emailed you directly, as we have some questions for you.  re: battery life--initially--back when we came on kickstarter--testing, among other factors, suggested a longer battery life.  however, we came to find that this was not the case as the product evolved.  our developers are currently exploring our options to address this, as we do understand it is a lot shorter than expected.
batteries lasting less than3 months, with a published 12 months life?? just when i really needed to use my xy, the darn thing was out of life - lost keys and wasted money.
@matt - we're sorry you feel that way.  this is something that is high on our list, and we hope to improve this in the future.  thank you for your candid feedback.
pretty lame this device dies after three months due to batteries. really not interested in that kind of maintenance in a device like this. let me know when you have better power efficiency on the devices you shipped to us.
matt otto mine same as yours..cant connect to xy no more
@richard - not at this time, but we make note every time someone inquires and if microsoft really pushes the ble technology of its phones, markets it, helps make it make sense for software solutions ... then you never know.
do you have any plans to release a windows phone app?
@matt - there's a good chance a battery change will solve your problem.  we have found an average battery range of around 3-6 months.  initially--testing, among other factors, suggested a longer battery life of about a year.  however, we have come to find that this has not been the case.  we are currently exploring options to address this, such as different battery brands, as well as exploring options to reduce battery consumption without compromising the efficacy of the beacons. we recommend that you try changing the battery, to see if that does the trick.  i'm including a video that will help you open your beacons.  they're technically waterproof, so it can be a little tricky to get them open.  if this doesn't do the trick, please email us at contact@xyfindit.com and we'll go from there.  thank you! opening your xy find it beacon - https://www.youtube.com/watch…
did anyone else’s break 3 months after getting it? mine doesn’t show up on my phone at all anymore.
@natalie - please let us know if you are seeing any problems. we want to help. we are quick to respond to any emails to contact@xyfindit.com.
i regret getting this.
@caleb - we're sorry to hear you're experiencing difficulties with your beacons.  we'd like to help you resolve the issues you're encountering.  please email us at contact@xyfindit.com.
what a garbage product. its quicker to find my keys and wallet the old fashion way then wait for this glitchy cheap hardware to connect and work. i bought 7 of these. not one of them works properly. 90% of the time they don't connect. and more the half the time when they do connect the beepers won't activate.
@paul - we are working on a "low battery notification", and it is not too late to incorporate, as the beacons supports it, and it is already implemented on android. @roberto - we are sorry. we typically see 4 to 6 months, but some of the batteries from the factory have lasted less. we continuously look for ways to optimize battery life, including some things that may be possible through app updates.
i've also replaced the battery on the two beacons that i've used so far. haven't used the 3rd one yet. the bad part is you don't realize the battery is dead until you want to try and find the beacon and realize it hasn't been seen in a while. any way to provide a low battery notification? maybe it's too late to incorporate now, but would be good to see in future revisions.
the battery only lasted three months.
@nathan - i (mark) have an iphone 6 plus, and the app works great, but you have me curious ... what support are you looking for? please do email us at contact@xyfindit.com.  we are crazy busy, in a good way ... all started with our awesome backers.  thank you! @chad - thank you for contacting support. i know they are working with you to figure this out.
@xy-findit so i've been busy and haven't been able to try the new app since your last post. i went into the newly downloaded app and my tag is no longer available whatsoever. it's like it doesn't exist... any clue what the problem is?
so it's been a long time since there's been any form of update to the xy app on the appstore, same with any comments or updates on here. is the app going to receive iphone 6 plus support? what's next? or is xy already not being maintained any more?
@chad - probably means you have a testflight build of the xy app. delete the app, and download again from the app store, and you should be good to go.
so my app on my iphone6 is not responding anymore. when ever i try to open it, the app automatically closes right away.
@mark - yes. lz164553526us. looks like it was delivered. @mukesh - on its way!
i still have not received mine, do you have a tracking number? something that meant to help find things and it's lost?
i have not yet received mine as well. i ordered the $85 one of all colours. could you please check.
@vincent - we feel the same way you do, and are working on a sharing feature and how it will be best work in situations like you described. @ricky - saw that we had some direct email communication with you. anything else comes up, please don't hesitate to email us at contact@xyfindit.com.
i received my beacons the other day, and i have an issue with the app... it's not a bug, but it's an issue for people who share things (ie, married couples?) my wife and i would both like to be able to track the items attached to the beacons, so we registered them both with the same account... however, the proximity alerts (when going out of range and coming back into range) syncs across the account to both of our phones... so when she deactivates proximity alerts, it turns it off for me as well... this just boggles the mind. people certainly share things, don't they? i feel like that's a "feature" that should either be able to be toggled or just removed entirely.
correction: did a rundown and i found a total of 3 beacon is marked as claimed. how do i solve it? please reply thanks
i just activated my beacons 2 of them are marked as claimed. please help. sent an email though
my fault.  i missed that email. thanks!
@aaron - we replied to your e-mail that same day.  can you check your e-mails? there's a chance we might have ended up on your spam folder.  i will re-send the e-mail to you again.
i still have not received my reward. i sent an email to contact@xyfindit.com on the 22nd, but i haven't heard back.
@enrico - that is a new one.  can you submit a report via the in-app feedback?  it'll help us gather your device info to better diagnose the issue.  we want to help!
i keep getting "error - request body stream exhausted" when i try to add a tag. it is still an issue after all the updates. extremely frustrated here.
@temu - yes, they have. if you are anyone has not received their reward, please email us at contact@xyfindit.com.
i was wondering if the rewards have been shipped. thank you
@philipp - i wear a pebble watch, for the same reason ... i feel the "out of range" notification on my wrist more reliably than my iphone. i assume you'd experience the same with your android wear watch, as your phone passes notifications to you?  email us at android@xyfindit.com, if this isn't the case, and would like to continue the discussion.  thanks!
is it possible to get a notification on a android wear watch if the xy will be left behind. i often don't recognize it when my smartphone vibrates.
hello, i  haven't received reward. how can i do?
@lumen - interesting. that is the first time we have heard of someone experiencing that. feel free to email us at contact@xyfindit.com and we can work an exchange for you.
creator, my xy tag wont work when it's closed, for some reason. when it's open, it works perfectly fine.
inreceived the beacon in mid-november, and in mid december my tag suddenly stop functioning after that i opened it up plug out and plug the same battery in and it worked okay but just then my beacon stop functioning again i decided to re-do what i did previously but didnt worked. swap a new battery it worked again.  is it just me having battery issue? my battery last almos 3 month but its advertised 1 year i beep the beacon a day once and its always connected to my ipad air 2. anybody's experiencing battery issues??
@neale -- we are just as disappointed as you that samsung decided to not offer android 4.4 or 5.0 for the perfectly capable s3 or s3 mini.  it's really a shame -- those are great devices.  if you have no other way to use the xy beacons rewards, please contact us directly at support@xyfindit.com and we'll refund your full pledge.
@rebecca - with you painted on top of paint ... not sure would work best. excited to see what you create!
happy new year xy team!     my package showed today as promised. i wasn't totally happy with all the colors so i was wondering if you knew what type of paint best adheres best to the plastic used? i figured i'd go ahead and give my own hand a crack at making them look a little more spectacular! of course, i'll make sure the ones i paint are up and running with the app before i load up that paint brush. if they look half decent, i'll send you to your fb page. i challenge others to spice up their tags as well!     thanks and keep plugging away at those pesky bugs. it's part of the technology life even the biggest guys can't escape. :^)
i back laird popkin request. thanks xy for your great product.
sadly the $85 i pledged to this junk seems to be the worst back i ever made. my (very common) samsung mini s3 android phone is not supported, and so unless i change phones, i'm left with 8 plastic hexagonal disks which are too small for coffee coaster mats.
the software is beautiful, and (aside from the 'not appearing/already assigned' issue) the beacons work great. i love that the batteries are replaceable, and the tags look great! one request: i am using the app on multiple phones, so my wife and i can share one set of beacons for tracking stuff. this works great, with all beacons automatically appearing on both phones. but the mute/alert setting is shared, which isn't great. what would be ideal would be for the alert/mute setting to be local to each device. that way, for example, both of us see all of the tags, such as on her keys and my keys, but each of us can pick which tags to alert on. that way i get alerted when i forget my keys, but not for her keys, and vice versa.
send a dm via the contact me link. they may not see this comment here.
hi i did not receive my reward, no response to mail? what's happening? you claim to ship but the shipment nowhere to be tracked, my country customs say no such item.
hey guys. i think pretty much everything has shipped. you my want to do a direct message. take care and happy holidays.
hi guys, any update on my shipment?
i have not received the product? when its the delivery date?
@ricky...  great idea.  i have personally never built an ipad-specific app before, but as you said it should be fairly straight forward to develop an universal app if we don't create device-specific screens.  stay tuned.
will you guysnmake an ipad app? well it does not need to be optimized just make an app that compatible so that we doesnt need to see the"2x" and 1x".
@john - your beacon shipped out, and you should get it soon.
hello, i still haven't received mine.
@brandon - we'd like to investigate. can you send us some in-app feedback, and we'll share some thoughts, and if we need to replace the light blue tag... @paul - so sorry! there were a percentage of batteries that didn't have as much juice in them as we'd like. we have discussed with our factory. can you replace it with a cr2032 battery and let us know if that brings the beacon back to life?
hey guys!  love the product! it has been working great! one of them though hasn't been connecting though. i tried various phones and tried replacing the batteries but the app just can't seem to find one of the tags (light blue)
i received my first xy about a month ago and had a problem connecting in the xy app. the xy support team was extremely quick in responding and shipping out a replacement tag. happily that one worked, but i guess the battery died cuz now i can't find the darn thing anywhere!
@all - if you commented, we hear you, and your xy beacons will be shipped out this week. thank you for your patience.
how about my tags with tracking number? still waiting.
never mind ... the app is at the google app store .... dummy
still waiting for my tags. but also, where does one find the android app? thanks, ron
i have not received my tag yet, but maybe you have already shipped it out (i live in italy so i think it may take some weeks to get here). i don't have any tracking number.  thanks a lot for your support!
hi, still waiting on my tags here.
@ali - your two (2) xy beacons will ship out to you this week.
hi, how can i get the tracking number? i haven't received anything yet. would be great if you could confirm the shipping and send me the tracking number. thanks.
@anders - will email you your tracking number...
hi guys, just responding to the latest update. i haven't received my reward or any email update yet- i had 1 jade tag i believe.
@vincent - they have arrived!  :)  ... processing remaining rewards this week.
have the next shipment of jade tags arrive within the last week, as expected? if not, i would like to change my add-on jade to aquamarine, if that's what's holding up my reward for so long...
any news on a 10 tag pledge? not heard anything re delivery date
please ship 'aquamarine' please thanks matthew
still have not received a package. any new estimation date?
i have the same out of range issues. i can be in the same room as my tag and walk 15 ft from it and it say out of range. i was hoping the last ios update would help but it didn't.
@toby mine worked better than yours. my tag work up to 30 feet then it goes out of range (iphone 5) (no interference) the product claim to have 150 feet of range. i hope this can be fixed via software update? or its hardware problem
@toby me too
@jeffrey - your xy beacons will ship early next week.
still waiting on my two tags. at this point i'd take pink just to get mine.
received mine yesterday. i opted out of the jade color. they work okay. a bit concerned that i have to be within 5 feet or so to get it off "out of range" and my phone can be within a foot and it still says "cold". within a couple inches and it only says "warm". my phone has to almost literally be touching the xy and apparently facing just the right direction for it to say "hot". is anyone else having these issues?
@drrevan, @matthew  - we are currently out of stock of our jade beacons, and that is holding up some orders.  if you'd like us to substitute different color, let us know and we will ship immediately.  but, we anticipate having more jade beacons this week...
hi did all the orders shipped? i had ordered for single green tag ship to india no tracking number or shipping update..
im waiting for my order... no green/jade in my order... do you have tracking data on international orders?
hello i would like to join the beta test ... so far i'm haven't been using the xys cause of the constant out of range and in range messages.....even if my phone is next to the item..please send an invitation. thank you
so i finally got mine, but the app is incompatible with my device (android on cat b15).
@doof - we are pushing hard to get another deliver of jade / green as quickly as possible. we will know more soon...
i have been waiting patiently..... still nothing.
@willy - we anticipate getting more jade / green very soon, and then shipping immediately. more in a kickstarter update, or an email directly to 10 pack backers, soon.  we will have more information this weekend.
just curious, when will the 10 pack xy tags will be sent out?   would that be under custom order? is it just a month delayed?
@jim - yes, that would be best. thank you.
do we just submit an in app feedback if some of our tags are claimed already?
@guy - just sent you an invitation.
how can i join the android beta group? thanks.
@steve - can you submit a report via the in-app feedback?  it'll help us gather your device info and we can help you from there...
can we change the buzzer? i have tinnitus in my left ear, and the frequency of the buzzer is the same, so i can't ear it. also, what is up with the out of range signal at about 30-40 feets in my house?
if you e-mailed me will you please do it again because it probably got deleted in my junk box.  thanks
my tag is showing as claimed rather than my beacon how do i fix this?
there really shouold be a function to rename a tag and to change the picture. or am i doing something wrong, when i delete and reclaim the tags when i want to rename / change picture?
aquamarine will be fine if you still have that, thanks.
hello! i'm having a lot of issues with the range and out of range messages they fill up my screen. i just had to turn it off. xy that is. my keys can be next to the iphone 6 and i get them still...is there another update coming. i really like the product but it's becoming annoying to have it running in the background. thank you
@enrico - the last update has all the details. we are working on it. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/xyfindit/xy-the-secure-tracking-tag/posts/1058797 @o.d. - we are currently out of stock of our jade beacons, and that is holding up some orders.  if you'd like us to substitute different color, let us know and we will ship immediately.  we will have more jade beacons in a week or two, if you'd prefer to wait.
hi, i got a bit of problem. one of the tag, when powered on, is showing claimed already even though i haven't registered it. how to fix this? thx.
have not received anything yet
@zara - we have not received your address through the backerkit survey.  will email you...
i have not received mine yet.  according to the emails i was expecting them a week or more ago.  thoughts?
@myles - thank you. we do care! @max - can you submit a report via the in-app feedback?  it'll help us gather your device info to better diagnose the issue.
i just wanted to say, great job on communicating with all of these backers and all of these issues while managing to stay professional. it really shows how much you care about your product and that you're doing your best to make your product as flawless as can be. i feel very confident in your product and will always speak highly of the company. thanks guys for all the updates and feedback!!
my beacon wont even show up when trying to find it... what to do?
thank you! i just did for the second time! awaiting your response
@tamer - can you submit a report via the in-app feedback?  it'll help us gather your device info to better diagnose the issue.
thank you for the videos! but this is not the case on my samsung s4... clicking on the found beacon does not do anything. i am not able to select it or take a picture! i appreciate you address the issue asap and respond to us!
@steve - working on them. early draft versions: https://www.youtube.com/watch… https://drive.google.com/file/d/0bxpbsou4r2pyvtj3y2fiwvfxzg8/view…
how about a video showing how to sync and use the app?
how about a video showing how to sync and use the app?
hello, just got 2 beacons today but it shows on app that one of them has been claimed last week. so i can't register it now?
@laurie, your specific airline have policies regarding personal electronic devices (peds), e.g. united's policy is here: http://www.united.com/web/en-us/content/travel/baggage/devices.aspx xy beacons utilize bluetooth low energy, which should be considered safe for most airlines.
just wonder whether the tag is allowed to carry on flight or check-in baggage?
still waiting on my xy in canada, anyone else having issues?
i have the same issue like steve! your kind attention to this please!
i've got a samsung s4 and can't get the buzzer to work at all. i see a signal from the beacon but can't figure out how to get the hot or cold signal others mention.
@jenner - the tracking / customs number does not track in-country, for all destinations. for some countries, it can take 2 to 4 weeks for your package to arrive.  you may want to check your local post and see if they have it held up in customs?
never recived my xy. the tracking don't work
after using it for a few days, i realised that the beacon gets dirty easily, any idea how to clean it? and the signal strength is very weak only about 25 feet far from 150 feet as advertised
the app-update for buzzer-triggering is live, but it didn't work any better. no buzz, and "out of range".
hi guys, i have been playing with the app, android.  got some questions about it as well: - where is the keep-it functionality? i believe that was in one of the promo movie. - is it possible to have the tag beep if the phone is out of reach?  - can you make the app usable without the need to login? - is there an api available? thanks, keep up the good work. rgds
@robert: yeah, there was a survey sent out via backerkit.
hi guys, has there been a survey for shipping details or something which i have missed, or are the packages being sent to addresses already registered at kickstarter?
sorry, i forgot to say thank you! for the extra beacon! makes up for the colour mess i guess ;) also i found out which of my beacons was already sending, no matter the remove tag. app also seems to run a bit smoother now, but in general it really is slow. in registering the beacons, in updating the distance/whereabouts, in finding out, contact is lost, in beeping them... hope this improves.
got my beacons today, great! but... wasn't happy about the colours. you wrote, that you couldn't provide enough jade coloured beacons and offered to chose other colours. well, i chose 2 colours and got beacons in 6 different colours... right now i'm trying setting up my first beacons. 1st one is registered now, but (again): there were 2 unclaimed beacons . after registering the 1st, there still is another, though all beacons i got are still "sealed" and have the "remove" tag on/in. trying to setup 2nd now and see, where the signal comes from. another but: the app reacts very sluggish and crashed 4 or 5 times in only 15 minutes or so... i hope after the setup that will change... (oneplus one, if that matters).
i haven't been contacted with further activities on shipping, is there anything wrong with shipping overseas?
stopped letting me add tags after the 6th one on iphone 5s
never rceived my 7 pledge. been in limbo between la and canada for 14 days now! tracking is no help, canada post is no help, xy-findit is not helping to much either. great!
@gene - looks like you are already an xy android community member...  good comment to post there: https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/114192708360581958036…
so i activated four beacons when i received my pack.  but when i use the application (android nexus 5) only 1 beacon is shown as available.  all the other three are "searching".  is this because of the duplicate id bug? where can i join the beta program so i can get these working again?
just received my beacons(indonesia) they were great! work as advertised, beacon works perfectly(iphone 5 ios 8.1). i can hear the beep quite well on quite room. not sure if the app work while its closed but great job on creating these little babies! one thing i'm disappointed is that even before i opened these tags theres already a bit of scratch on the opening part.
i have many problems with the beacon. first it doesnt seal well. i can see a gap that goes away when i keep it shut with my fingers. no beeping with the 6+.  main problem: can't i set the distance i want the device to warn me? i want my phone to buzz/ beep when my child gets a certain distance away from me. i need to be able customize the distance.  this was the entire reason i bought this invention.  also even when the beacon is next to me the sensors goes between hot and warm. why? it is not solid.
@jonas - version 1.3 has been released to apple for review and should release next week, and this addresses the beeper not working in on some phones. you can also try stopping bluetooth and restarting it, and that may help now. @nim - we recommend trying stopping bluetooth and restarting it, to see if that helps.
received my tag today as well but no beeping with iphone 5s either
cheers. have installed the beta fix on test flight, but the buzzer still doesn't work. says 'connecting', then the heat indicator says 'out of range'...though i'm next to the tag...
@nim - there seems to be a problem triggering the buzzer with some iphone configurations. we have isolated the problem and have a fix on testflight. i sent you an invite to our beta program via itunes testflight. email us at contact@xyfindit.com if you have any other questions. we continue to fine tune the wording in the app, and the ranges.
have linked with no problems on iphone 6, but as below the buzzer doesn't work. the 'heat' concept doesn't really work in a house either - it's says 'hot' up to 6 metres away i.e. in most of the rooms on my ground floor.
@jt - there seems to be a problem triggering the buzzer with some iphone configurations.  we have isolated the problem and have a fix on testflight.  i sent you an invite to our beta program via itunes testflight. email us at contact@xyfindit.com if you have any other questions.
so i received my tags. great! however, the beeping doesn't work. tips?
@wurzel21 -- i assume you have an iphone 6 plus?  we had a problem with trigger the buzzer on that device.  the patch (v1.3) is currently being reviewed by apple to be released early next week.  if you are interested, i can send you a testflight invite to try it out (and other fixes / beta features) prior to release. agreed, range could be better...  although we easily get over 25m in office (unobstructed).
i have just recieved my 10 pack (2 x 5) of these devices. i have tried the first batch of 5 and have found the following: 1. not one of the tags responds with any sound when prompted by the app!! 2. 1 of the 5 units does not power up/unable to connect 3. range is next to useless i.e. 10m max either this thing is very badly designed or the quality control is next to non existent. i am reluctant to open the next batch of 5, and feel that they need to be returned or refunded  as they clearly "do not do what it says on the tin" !!! very disappointed
@menashe - please email us at contact@xyfindit.com and we can help.
iphone 6, bluetooth on, xy in range, does not connect. tried to send you something via the in app feedback i get  "you do not have a valid email address. please help
@jonas, that functionality is not yet available.  we will add it in the near future -- the xy android app actually already supports it internally.
hi guys. received my tag today. it's smaller than i thought and has a very touch. very happy with it. but the first stretch goal was to make the app compatible with other tags and i can't make recognize my lupo, my omega key or the pebble bee.  is the functionality not yet available? i would like very much to control all my trackers with a single app. thanks jonas
@ricardo - sorry for the delay in fulfilling your pledge. we had a question for you, and will shoot you an email.
@xyfindit @daniel wang thank you guys! i love pre project and product, supporting you has been a great thing. i receive the beta-tag and stopped to use because the gps battery draining. one more question: i backed 2 pet (small dogs) tags, could you show how its looks like? warm regards from brazil rickricardu
@brian, @jordan -- sorry you are having problems.  can you email us at contact@xyfindit.com and give us some information on your device and operating system?  ... or via the in-app feedback mechanism (if you can get the app to run).  we are here to help.
got my xy today, app crashed twice while trying to register and it can't find the beacon!!! well worth the extra wait!!!
just got the device. i must say, your company must have been sleeping during the quality control stage of the process. i opened the package, and the shell is half open. i cant even snap it closed. the product is made like a piece of crap! and i waited over 6 months for it to be delivered from when i pledged. i would like a return and subsequent refund. better luck next time xy.
@marcojuco21 - can you submit a report via the in-app feedback?  it'll help us gather your device info to better diagnose the issue.
just got my xy today but cant get it to connect to my iphone 6 plus tried taking out the battery and putting it back in but still cant connect also tried restarting the phone still nothing and i have bluetooth on need help.
@s.w.delfos - saw your in-app submission. thank you. will respond soon...
after à second try paired the tag, beep is not working
@ryan - we released a new video yesterday, and plan on doing more to help with tips / instructions / etc.  https://www.youtube.com/watch… @jonathan - we don't have anything specific. i would think a traditional key ring, attached to the ring on the collar, and the xy tag on the ring, would work well? @Øyvind, @giulio - make sure you reach out to us at contact@xyfindit.com and we'd be glad to help.
it is virtually impossible to open the beacon without ripping the thing apart. also, my beacon will not register with my iphone.
after downloading test flight from xy team everything is working great!!! i think i will buy one for my dog. do you have a different ring for the device that fits on leashes?
hi! just recieved my xy-tag for pets. can't pair it with my iphone 6. can i be invited to testflight? i really wanna start using it :)
hi xy team, i just received my finder's 3 pack . i've been able to pair 2 out of 3 tags, the third never reach the required signal strength to pair with my iphone 6. i tried to replace with a new battery, but still having same issues. has for other users, the beepers of the 2 working tags is not triggering. can you handle a replacement for the non working tag and invite me to testflight to test the new app ? do i need to send you my email separately ? thank you
@chad - just invited...
@daniel i have the iphone 6 and would appreciate being added to testflight. i have been experiencing issues with the beeper as well
@breezy - are you on an iphone? we have a solution for you. will send you a testflight invitation to try a new update.
got it. messed up the side a bit and broke the seal but it's still nice if a little chunky. the problem is that it doesn't beep, buzz, or anything.
@brian, the alert settings (left / right side of the home screen) should be completely independent of the buzzer functionality.  i.e. you can keep the item in either column and still be able to trigger the beeper whenever you please. but are you saying if you happen to go out of range during the buzzer?  you have to reboot your device?  that would be uncool...  and not what we intended at all.  we can't replicate that here at all.  can you verify?
okay, as long as the beacon remains in range, i can get repeatable beeping on request. however, if i go out of range, it defaults back to the out of range message i received earlier when i request a beep. if i power down and restart, then i get the beeping as requested. so for now, i will leave the beacons in the right hand column till i lose them. when i need to go find them, i'll flip them into the left column and reboot the phone as needed. the important thing is that the phone does find the beacons under any circumstance i've tried.
@brian, yes that's the fix -- it looks like on iphone 6 plus there's a very limited amount of ble bandwidth available (not obvious why it would be significantly worse than 5s, but it is).  so now when you press the beep button we actually shutdown ibeacon and re-enable it afterwards, causing the temporary "out of range" text to be displayed below the hud.  we just had a quick chat here about that.  we will change the text to say something else...   thanks for the quick feedback.
ooooh, correction:  i shut the phone all the way off then turned it back on. i now have repeatable beeping!  success from the xy team!  you guys rock!
what it does with mine when i hit the alert button in the app, is turn from hot to temporarily reading as out of range for a few seconds. once the alert spinny-thing stops, it returns to reading hot. but arno time does the beeper actually beep.
we just pushed a new pre-release ios app (v1.3, build 125) to itunes testflight which should address the problem with triggering the buzzer on some iphone 6 and 6 plus devices.
@marco - can you submit a report via the in-app feedback?  it'll help us gather your device info to better diagnose the issue.
received mine today. cannot connect tag to app. i used lightblue to test battery level and connection. both are okay but the beacon keeps disconnecting.
@jt - thank you for the email too. we are available to you in all our communication channels. tracking with usps is limited, and depends on the country of delivery. for some, it never updates after leaving the us ... but, we only have seen one or two cases of "undelivered" and we have sent thousands of packages. but, it can take upwards of two weeks in some cases too.
how long is expected shipping time to norway? is tracking avaliable after the package leaves la?
@joseph - sorry. we are regretting the cost the "ease of opening" versus being waterproof. @b shine - hmm. that is annoying. does it always say "out of range"?  what is the last known location? email us at contact@xyfindit.com, or message us in kickstarter and we'll do our best to help. @falk - appreciate the update! we make improvements in the app daily, including weekends, and feedback like yours helps. @kevin - thank you for the updates too. reach out via in-app feedback, or contact@xyfindit.com, or kickstarter messages ... anytime.
received mine yesterday.  had incredibly difficult time opening the tag to remove yellow strip.  made visible damage to side to open it.
put my first xy tag on my keys, and promptly lost them in my house. haven't been able to find them for 2 days now, and my phone can't find it. it just keeps "searching" until my phone runs out of battery. very annoying.
got my first beacon up and running. first i had to reboot my device, than to turn off, turn on the blue tooth and after completely restart the app i finally could find the beacon and connect. now i will test a little bit around to find out the real benefit... ;-)
seems like closing and reopening the app fixed it
got my 1 tag and popped in the battery. there appears to be a bug though, it is showing up in the "claimed" area and i can't do anything with it. also there's 2 tags appearing in the claimed area with full bars and i can't do anything. both entries show: a50|maj:6149 min:254
got mine in germany yesterday and they looks great.  i used a coin to open the tag but also got some scratches in that area. i could not close the whole tag one side stay still a little open. i could not managed to connect a tag until now, but found the hint of restarting, what i will try now. ps: could not connect after restart. try now a next tag...
@eythan - thank you for the update. @kali - think you'd be a great contributor to the xy android community. will send you an invite, where you can post future feedback. @roger, @alexander, @kd, @will, @melissa, @charles - can you submit a report via the in-app feedback?  it'll help us gather your device info to better diagnose the issue. @lumen - good feedback. we will continue to update, and make improvements to the apps, to help with things like you mentioned. @ethan - we went a little far with making it waterproof and opening it can be tough. we've seen that a flat-head screwdriver with some tape around it works best, and limits damage to the xy tag.
got it!  after i opened the package, i was so excited that i didn't even read the instructions.  i assumed that it wasn't supposed to be opened a little bit, so i snapped it back together.  i then read the directions, realizing that i need to put in the battery.  i scratched it up a good amount (sadly), but eventually got it back open and now it's  working great!  other than the badly scratched up plastic (which was entirely my fault), it's working as advertised with the app.
restarting my android and bluetooth i was able to get the nearby claimed tags to show up. however after resetting everything and attempting to have the device connect for 30 mins, nothing worked. i hope to try this again later. tho i am worried that the wires may have been damaged upon opening it.
will not sync with android. no instructions. no where to find any help. i hope device and support improves
upon opening the tag as advised with a screwdriver was quite hard. i do appreciate a good seal on this however the metal of the screwdriver tore up the tag opening. finally i popped that sucker open i became quite worried that i almost damaged the internal wires that are located a mm away from where you need to open the tag. after removing the battery tag and closing the tag i noticed from all the struggle earlier that there now is a breach for water to enter. both the wire placement and means of opening the tag should be looked over and redesigned.
hi guys, i've attempted to set up the device by removing the plastic tab, inserting the battery in positive side up, and putting it back together. so far the device does not show up on bluetooth. any suggestions?
i got my tags 2 days ago(i think). overall, it's a pretty good product and app. the range and pinpointing are a little bit less than what i expected though.
the app is letting me add the same beacon multiple times. this is a little confusing. ui could use a lot of work. interface is not user friendly.
nice job overall, some issues with the android app. for a while i couldn't manage to create an account, finally decided to link it to facebook and then it worked. would have been nice to be able to create a non-fb-linked account. also, i uncreatively named my tags "black tag", "white tag" and "teal tag", assuming i'd get the chance to rename them when i put them on objects. no such renaming available in the app, i think i'll need to delete the tag now on my cat and re-add it. renaming and photo replacement would be really nice features to add soon.
app doesn't recognize the beacons.  please help.
got mine this week.  looks really good, not to mention waaay better then the competition ;-)
same here, devices look awesome. removed the tab and put the battery in. i have a nexus 4 with android version 4.4.4 the bluetooth system menu sees the device, but i cannot pair (do not know which pin) and the app cannot find the device (infinite loop)
i might be really dumb but have no idea how to get started. the instructions are telling me to open it? but i can't open it; not even with a flat head screwdriver. besides that, i love the look and feel of it so far!! it's smaller than i expected too! thanks!
@john - invited you to the xy android community, and see you already posted! excellent. @jamie - thank you jamie!  :) @logan - appreciate the kind words, and glad you received your xy tags.
mine shows up in bluetooth devices but the ap doesn't see it. i try to pair in bluetooth and it wants a pin. on a nexus 5.
i received mine a couple of days ago! they look and feel great! i haven't had the chance to test them yet (got to find something that i need to tag & track now...), but great work xy team!
got mine! no issues to report yet (haven't tested them) i love the look and feel, nice little addition to my keychain. thanks xy team, you'll hear back from me in a couple weeks with a detailed review, but so far i'm extremely pleased!
@emanuel - appreciate the kind words. we are excited about this opportunity, and are extremely grateful to our backers and work hard every day to make you all look smart!  :)
amazing group you are. my feedback you responded to quickly and understood my issues. although my problems are not resolved i am believing it will be and this tracker is better than what i have been using.
@michael - glad to hear it! ... the first part. you are on testflight, so will be the first to test out the fix that daniel is working on.
working on ios much better than my pebblebee honey. well done. looks nice too. only thing is that i can't get the sound alert to work.
@mark - appreciate it --- mark.
never witnessed a kickstarter project  that responded so quickly and with great support thank you xy and thank you mark
@breezy -- honestly not at the moment.  we love the design of msft oss, and we heard they have great ble support.  however, as you can probably gather from the comments here, we have our hands full supporting the 2 major platforms for now.
any possibility of windows compatibility? i know it's not a popular platform though.
received mine - android platform - it works great ! i love it !
@karim, invite sent.  thanks!
received mine, and it works!  congratulations!
just got mine, and i really like them. however my beeping doesn't work (running ios 8.1). could i get an invite to test flight program?
got mine xy this week in the netherlands, without customs issues.
@frank - will send you an email.
you can substitute the color ruby for my founders reward. please ship to 345 east 86 st apt. 21a new york ny 10028. please confirm receipt of this email and the shipping address. thanks.
great, found them waiting when i got back today. no problems with initial pairing so far, though would be nice to have a way to remove devices (in case i ever need to re-add or give to a family member). another kickstarter project i can mark "delivered" with relief :)
got mine this week, and i found the "unboxing" a bit bland. but, pushing on, pulling the yellow tabs off of the battery was a little weird. one of mine was snapped closed a bit more, so i grabbed a screwdriver to pry it open. doing that, i was surprised how easily marred the tags were. syncing went well, and easy enough to install. but, all and all, for $45, i'm happy.
@mark - can you email us at contact@xyfindit.com? i can't look up your information our fulfillment system, as all that kickstarter shows me here is "mark", and we have lots of backers with that name, including myself!  :)
i imagine mine must be in the mail , waiting patiently but must admit i got a little concerned when i read that all have been shipped and i have yet to receive a tracking number ? did others receive their tags without receiving a tracking number ?
got mine today. paired largely effortlessly. though the part where it says to put it next to your phone was surprised me and was not close enough. so now when the app thinks the device is next to it its actually a 1/2 a foot away. tried deleting the jewel but only get the error: "object not found for delete.” never heard it beep either. not sure how to trigger that. finally, they are bigger than i thought but still useful. i put one on my keys and my wife put one in her wallet and one on her keys. will report back when i have more real world experience with them.
@ricardo, good idea.  it's not possible right now -- the app currently only asks for gps location when a tracking-enabled items leave (or re-enters) your vicinity.  we should probably add a global setting to turn off gps altogether and just give out-of-range warnings w/o location if the user desires it.  i added to our todo-list.
@piotr - xy tags broadcast ibeacon ble advertisements with proximity uuid of a500248c-abc2-4206-9bd7-034f4fc9ed10 and should be compatible with most ibeacon apps on both ios & android.
@piotr - hmmm. can you email us at contact@xyfindit.com? let's work through this. @ricardo - there may be some offline functionality options in the future, and we log every request like yours, so that we can make sure we are doing the top features backers / users are asking for.
hi all! sorry if this already asked, but i couldn't keep track in all posts. it will be possible to use the tags with the ios app without use location features? the gps drain a lot battery! =( kind regards! rickricardu
i am having problems with test flight. i have it installed and i click the invite. it says open in test flight. goes to app store test flight, click open. there is nothing :(
@piotra - there seem to be a problem triggering the buzzer with specifically the iphone 6 running ios 8.1.  we have only isolated the problem 2 days ago and have a partial fix on testflight.  can i have you try out the new software to see if it solves your problems?  i sent you an invite to our beta program via itunes testflight.
ps paired all 3 with iphone ios 8 no problemo but the beeps does infact not work. only sometimes. when the case is open its loud but when its shut its like really really soft.
hi great pcb design! wow! heheh, thats the only reason i bought to tear it apart.. oh and track my cat.. yea, that was the real reason, ehehhe :) the plastic cover is a bit fiddley but i didnt use a screwdriver because i knew i would wreck it. you forgot to include instruction on how to close it. it took me about 20 minutes to work out from what edge to start and how hard to press. you could have shipped it closed but left the battery paper isolated without the round baby strangling picture, just pull it out? great job! iphone app is just a dream to use on iso 8, thanks! ps- i dont suppose i can pair to the xy tag somehow using a custom app? i can see it show up in bluetooth list but, yea, just curious. pss - @inversesandwich - its because you using android shit. no need to be so rude you cow!
i am in canada and my tags came this morning! they are awesome! all of mine were partially open so it was as simple to pull the tags and get them paired! i have the iphone 6 + and did have some issues with the beeping, however i am part of the testflight and will be helping any way i can to get it sorted! the pairing was fast and simple, and the app is very user friendly. i would love to see the app be able to change the tether distance, and add a sound/color changing feature to go along with the colder-hot directions. also a compass directionality for finding your tagged items versus the spinning dots.  i know it has been a long wait but it was worth it! the app will get better with time and feedback so be patient!  thanks xy
got mine. tried one and it connected quickly and easily to the iphone. the compass style screen is a little confusing as there is no distinct pointer unless i'm reading it wrong?
on ios 8 my 6 plus on the passenger seat keeps saying my keys in the ignition are going in and out of range
btw... facebook login doesn' t work
hi! i got the beacons. thanks. but i tried to register and to connect it to me android phone but it doesn' t find any beacons (though at system level the beacons are visible as blue tooth devices). is there still a problme with software.  feedback would be appreciated chris
hello! i have an iphone 6 the beeping does not work with paired xy. i saw someone with an iphone 6 plus has this problem too.
@anthony - we'd like to hear more about the problem you are seeing. please reach out to us at contact@xyfindit.com and we can discussion some solutions. thank you.
i need all new tags or a full refund please tags cannot be opened are are not working.
@azhrei - great feedback! we are working hard every day to make xy even better. @nuno - "find it - your generosity gets you a single xy tag in your choice of available colors." ... are scheduled to ship today and tomorrow. you will get a shipment email from our fulfillment partner.
hi! still waiting for my parcel... any update?
i have to agree with everyone else about the softness of the plastic when faced with screwdrivers.  i scratched up one of my three really bad trying to open it with a screwdriver.  the other two in my order i pried open with my fingernails as they were already partially open.  i have no idea how i'm going to open these back up in a year when they need new batteries without damaging the casing.  on the other hand, the softness of the plastic feels nice to the touch. the beep is a bit quiet but good enough for finding the tag in a quiet room.  it'll be absolutely worthless in public though.  it's also rather high pitched, high enough that my mother who has some hearing damage but does not require hearing aids can't hear it at all.  still, i'd rather have the ringer than not. i've had no issues with the app scanning, registering, removing, etc. on android 4.4.4.  the app is still pretty barebones though.  i would like to be able to set up how the app alerts me to lost tags.  as far as i can tell currently, it just pops up a notification.  having the option to make it play an alarm for example would be useful.  also, the mute button is sometimes hard to tell if it's on or off without backing out to see which column the tag gets put under.  this is due to the button being black or see through, if my picture is dark where the button is, i can't tell if i've engaged it or not. after all those gripes though, the tag does work as advertised and does its job of keeping things from getting lost.
@arnound - glad to hear it! @inverse - will email you directly.
got it 3 days ago!
wtf is this bullshit. the android app is buggiest app i have ever used. one tag refused to sync at all. the ui looks awful and half of the advertised features are missing. i also damaged the case on one of them opening them with a screwdriver and another case has marks over it. there was also no instructions for closing the case and made it hard to understand what to do. i expect a full refund or i will contact visa in order to get a chargeback. this is not acceptable.
@nicole - can you send us a direct message at contact@xyfindit.com and we will work through this with you.
got mine tags. good job on the iphone update.  so far i've  only tried three tags.  the second one refuses to sync, i can see it bit the progress ring wont even get half way.  i was wondering if it was a problem with the battery and tried opening the case with a screwdriver as instructed.  unfortunately the case is now really damaged and even though i have cracked it open a smudge it still wont come apart all they way.
got mine tags. good job on the iphone update.  so far i've  only tried three tags.  the second one refuses to sync, i can see it bit the progress ring wont even get half way.  i was wondering if it was a problem with the battery and tried opening the case with a screwdriver as instructed.  unfortunately the case is now really damaged and even though i have cracked it open a smudge it still wont come apart all they way.
@leila - just invited you to our xy android community, as we want to hear feedback like this, and our team is usually quick to respond there.
just installed the android app on my nexus 5 and it's a bit buggy. i successfully paired the first tag but i had trouble pairing the second. after a few tries, i finally shut my phone off and turned it back on. now my second beacon shows up 3x. and my first beacon has the second beacon's photo.   i also registered it on my husband's iphone and it works perfectly. go figure...
installed the testflight build of the app. out of ten tries, i could only get the xy to beep twice. hope the information is somewhat helpful.
@roberto - just emailed you. xy tags coming soon! @viet - just invited you to testflight to try out a new build that we hope will fix the beeping. @nolan - we've seen a screwdriver work best, and a tip would be to wrap it with paper / tape, but we know it is too tight ... and a result of being almost complete waterproof. @anderson - will have an fulfillment update later today that will specifically address your pledge level. thank you for your patience.
received my xy today. note i have an iphone 6 plus + ios 8.1. can confirm the beeping does not work with paired xy. would also be nice to have the app accommodate the resolution of the iphone 6 plus in a near future update.
here in italy i still haven't received any tracking information about shipping... please keep me update! i can't wait to have my xy tags =)
all 3 of are working great, but after closing them i am not able to open them back up.  i have already damaged the white one trying to open it with a coin.  the 3d printing material used is very soft.  is there a recommended tool for opening them?
still have not received xy or shipping link. what's the status?
@emanual -- sent you invite to itunes testflight of v1.3.  it's only a very partial fix of the buzzer issue on iphone 6 plus (basically now it beeps 50% of the time).  i'm fairly certain it's an ios bug at this point... hopefully addressed in ios 8.1.1.
@andrew thanks!  @randy, have you tried the "alert" tracking mode? ...by going to the item and select "more" or long-press on the item in the home view...  it does exactly that (alert you if the item moves out of range).
@randy, @caleb -- direct link to the app: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/xy/id797274875
search only xy
@caleb i had trouble finding the app, too. i searched "find it"  i searched "findit" i searched "xyfindit" there was no link in the packaging.
just want to add me to the list of iphone 6+ users who can't get the xy's to buzz
never got a tracking. but i received them today. they look awesome. and they work great.
i have a suggestion.  i really want an option to allow the app to alarm when the marker gets out of range instead of the device.  i intend to put one on my kid when we're in a crowded place to alert me when she starts to wander.  i don't mind keeping the app open for this but it would be nice if it could alert from the background.  it seems like an east tweak to have the app alert when a marker is "out of range".
nvm i'm retarded. i found the app under xy find it
i'm in canada and i've searched the canadian app store. i couldn't find xy ios app in there? is there another way to download the app?
pretty much impossible to open...
i just got my shipment in new york, bigger then expected but that's ok. my black one works perfectly. the teal one tag doesn't produce audio and the white one wouldn't even open for me to take out the plastic tag. once these tags are they are almost impossible to open.  the white tag was already sealed shut while the other two were lose.  my white sensor is now damaged from attempting to open it. please contact me mike
my 3 pack finally arrived (san francisco, ca) via usps! yay...thank you :).
also, after adding a tag, it will still show up on the add tab as an unclaimed tag.
tag thicker than i imagined. the 3d printing was a little poor and attempting to open the tag with flathead caused the material to strip away. the app only stays open if you press [home] . will be testing it's ability to rediscover the tag and range later on. at the moment the only thing better about this compared to another kickstarter tag is that the app looks better.
@håvard - sent you a direct message / email. thank you.
oops, i forgot one important remark: two of my beacons show marks on the side, as if they have been pried open before shipping (was every beacon tested?). in one of them, the mark is actually a hole/crack, which i suspect have broken the waterseal.
i got my 7-pack today, but wasn't there supposed to be a bonus-beacon for $75-pledges and above? it works well, but i activated  couple before registering, and then it is easy to get them mixed-up... also, there is no edit-feature, so if you want to edit the description and/or photo (perhaps you move the beacon to another object), you need to delete it and add it again. this works, but the original photo is not replaced: ie there's no way to change the initial photo if a beacon has been registered before.
@amir - our records show us shipping out your add-on beacon a while ago, but appears it didn't make it to you.  email us at contact@xyfindit.com and we'll send you another one. @andres - just sent you an email with tracking information.
i received my reward but no add-on beacons. is it coming separately?
hi guys, i did not receive any tracking number. can't wait to have them..
@brian, you should've gotten an invite from itunes connect / testflight for xy 1.3...  let me know if you don't see it.  @indigoglass, you too as well.
@kirill, i can't reproduce the problem you are seeing...  can you submit a bug report using the in-app feedback form?  it'll allow us to capture the app / device version and better diagnose the issue.  thanks!
that would be great, thank you. do you need anything from me or can you match up my contact info on your end?
@indigoglass, @brian -- i was able to reproduce the problem althrough we still don't have a perfect solution.  i will invite you to the testflight of v1.3 -- it contains a temporary fix that reduces (but not eliminates) this problem.
i'm confused. i have the app installed on my iphone and i removed the yellow tag from my fyx (which doesn't look like i thought the device would look like, in color or shape). but my app detects no nearby devices. im not sure what to do. please help!
@daniel, i am having the same issues as brian p with iphone 6 ios 8.1 on both of the two i've tried this far not sure this will help but i've had some success by closing the app, restarting and then making multiple attempts.  finally works on the 4th or 5th try.
update. rebooted iphone. now it sees beacons. but when i stand 1 meter from the beacon it shows "warmer" and then immediately "out of range". neither me nor beacon gets position changed during this warmer to out of range jump. at the same moment android app is working perfectly stable.
today received my beacons. they are perfectly found with my android device, but my iphone shows them all out of range. bluetooth on iphone is enabled. do you have any idea what can be the problem? iphone 5s, ios 7.1.2
@brian.  thank you!  i'm not sure why specifically the 6+ is having repeat buzzer problems...  but we will figure it out.  the background tracking mode is one of the really cool features of xy (it's being tracked in the background by the operating system via ibeacon, and foreground via ble).  one that afaik, no other similar product are doing; we are quite proud of it.
daniel, thanks for your incredibly quick and helpful response. yes, i am running ios 8.1 on an iphone6+. also, it's nice to know that i'll still get notifications on actively tracked beacons even after an app kill. knowing that will help me save some battery life of the phone. again, in spite of the small hiccups, though, i love the beacons. thanks for making a great product.
@dave @joe -- the tight fit casing is for waterproof-ness (it's very water resistant), but i think we made this first batch way too tight fitting.  it can be very difficult to open, especially using a coin.  we recommend using a flat screwdriver (as shown in the packaging diagram), 3/16" or 7/32" in width.
@jaimin, sorry you are having problems.  i can help you with trying to figure out the cause and/or replacements.  sent you dm.  you can also reach me at daniel.wang -at- xyfindit.com
@brian, first, thank you for the wonderfully detailed feedback.  second, which ios device are you using?  based on the in-app feedback we've gotten so far, there may be a bug with trying to trigger the buzzer on iphone 6+...  although at the moment i can't think of what the cause might be. tracking mode: you are right, items in the the left column (shown in full color) are items current being tracked.  meaning you will get notifications if the item ever moves out of range (even if the app is not current running, been killed, or after a device restart). items in the right column, shown in black & white (actually saturation = 0.1) are items that can be actively tracked by going to the item detail page, but won't trigger out-of-range alerts. tracking mode *should* have nothing to do with buzzer command functionalities, what you are seeing is apparently the buzzer works the first time from the detail view, regardless of tracking mode. we will provide a set of in-app tutorials in the next app update, but the goal is made such tutorial unnecessary...  a goal which we have obviously not achieved yet. going to work on the buzzer issue...  i'll get back to you very soon.
okay, so playing around with things a bit, i figured out all of my issues and now can say that these really are wonderful little beacons. when i registered the icons into the app, they were set by default to have the beepers on mute. to turn the beeping ability on, navigate to the 'more' list at the bottom. make sure that 'alert' is blue. once the alert is on and you go back to the main page, the pictures of the beacons move from the right column to the left. this also shows the beacons in full color. now that the mute is off and the beacon icons are in the full-color, left-hand column, i can get each of the three to beep on command. but only once. now i can't get them to beep a second time.
got my 7-pack today. no problems getting any of them to register so that's great. the 3 i tested so far all beep. only hiccup is the blue/teal one is incredibly difficult to open and it's now got a hairline crack in the case. will this affect water tightness?
i just got mine and i already messed the tag by trying to open it up as per the instructions. it looks like months old. why did you make it so hard to open up? i still haven't been able to open it cause i'm afraid it'll get even more damaged.
i received my tags today but i can't get my phone to recognise the tag. i'm using the latest update and iphone 6. is there anyone i can get in touch with to troubleshoot or exchange for a new one?
received my seven pack today. pretty great stuff. a few notes: i've only tried three of them so far, but i couldn't get the beeping to work on two of them. on the one i did get to work, i somehow broke the beeping by using it to trouble shoot the other two;  there's really no explanation on what settings mean on the app, so i was trying to see if maybe toggling the tracking mute from on to off (or off to on, since i don't know which is on or off. there's no depth to the button, so one can't tell by color alone) did the trick. whatever i did made the beeping no longer operable and reversing the toggle did nothing. anyway, other than no sound, they work well. i had tested the qualcomm one months ago and had some issues with accuracy and thresholds used for hot/warmer/warm that have since been cleaned up perfectly with these beacons. these really work very well. i had no issues finding them under couch cushions, in a laundry basket, under beds when my kids hid them for me to find. something on the app i find strange, though, are the seemingly-iphone-compass-tied ring of dots on the screen that i use when i'm trying to find the beacon. it looks like they'd somehow be tied to the actual beacon's location, but they clearly are not. they're useless as far as i can tell. is there a reason they're there?  if not, they're counter- productive to be there because they imply they have s purpose. also, i'm sure this is an issue only with folks that bought multiple xys, but having black and white versions of the photos we provide for each icon seems counter not well though out. if i meant to only use each beacon for a specific item for the life of the beacon, it would make sense. but i intend to use these as i need them. if i could always have the turquoise one listed visually as such, i could change the title only each time i assign it to a product i intend to track. therefore, as i look at the app, i'd see the color of the beacon immediately and know which one to tap when i want to search for it.  after all, once the beacon has been named and logged in the app, i really don't need to read the title every time because i'll already know. thanks in advance for any follow-up on issues, and thanks for making a great product in a (by kickstarter standards) relatively on-time manner.
@marie-andree - good point! we just sent you a message with a tracking number. thanks!
so canada is considered domestic?
@brandon - single xy tags will go out early next week. thank you.
still have not received xy or shipping link. what's the status?
@matthew - are you part of the xy android community on google+. great feedback for there, and the android team would certainly have some opinions. feel free to email us at android@xyfindit.com, and we can get you involved, if not. @marie-andree : labels are printed, and there is a back up at usps, waiting for scanning / processing of domestic (us) 7 packs. we are working on the problem to expedite them.
so i have been using the beta version of the xy for a little while and initially it was working fine until i got the android app update and now has completely failed, continually says that it is searching for the beacon. will this problem be resolved anytime soon or has the beta beacons become useless?
so how is shipping doing? received nothing yet.
@caffeine, @mark - as always, great thoughts / feedback. @andrew - you should get your xy tags in the mail by the end of the week. these beacons are much better, in all respects. make sure you upgrade to 1.2 on your iphone, as this new update is better too.
so i got a fyx tag in the mail a bout a month ago. anyone notice it totally kills the phone battery? i have to turn off the location services in order to keep it from draining my batt. but then i wanted to check it today and the unit batt is dead. .34 volts. not enough to get it started. are the xy tags going to be a big drain on the phone?
bluetooth works in the 2.4ghz radio band which is easily blocked by extremely close proximity to water (or people). it's why microwave ovens (also in the 2.4ghz band are so good at heating water. a pile of clothes won't block it.
i was playing with it after i bonded it with my phone(iphone 5s) and i have it in my back pocket and it said signal lost, i'm thinking if my keys were under a pillow or a dirty pair of socks i would have lost not only my keys but my xy tag!! at least until laundry day!! first impression...
@mark good point! we should have mentioned that to all backers. we left them cracked, to make it easier to open and remove the battery pull tab. the fit is tight and the tags are nearly waterproof when closed.
very excited and then i get them don't be surprised to see them cracked open they're supposed to be that way it's not a shipping error!
@christopher - will invite you to the android xy community now, and would really appreciate it if you could post this feedback there. thank you!
the xy findit android app doesn't seem to work on android 5.0 lollipop at the moment. i can't log in with facebook or make an account.
hello xy, i want to thank you for the credits within the ios app. nice thing to see my name in an app.
thanks guys. got it now.
@caffeinejunkie - i will double check for you. yes, it should have shipped.
international 7 packs that is.
have you completed shipping 7 packs? your schedule indicated that you should have but i haven't received a mail.
@kaishuo - will post a shipping schedule on monday, but look for yours to go out later this week.
still don't get any info about the shipping. when it will ship out? can't wait to get the tag....
thanks jim r for letting us know your experience.  have fun, and keep us posted.
ok now it has me map with blue dot right on my house!!  guess it needed a little while to get it. so far working fine! just need better range. thanks
ok thanks
beacon it telling me i am in tijuana ?  i am in new jersey east coast not west coast??
@jim what country are you in? we are getting random reports from beta testers they can't find the app.  also the production version (1.2) is in the review queue.  i'll send you a beta invite.
found app on apple store  xy findit
what is the name of app to use beacons? can not find it!
will let you know how they work
just got my beacons today in mail!!!!
what happened with the number tracks?
pono i mean
ok 2 days later shipping is happening!!!! glad to hear will let you know when i get them. pone says it is shipping also!!!
@giampaolo awesome to hear. thank you for the feedback in our xy android community. @stephen on it's way.
got them right now (calgary, canada). absolutely very nice!
i was backer #238 and nothing. i really wished i'd have passed on this now.
@jimr - expect your xy tags soon. email us at contact@xyfindit.com if you have any questions.
between you and pono player nobody is shipping !!!!!!!!!!! you say you will ship but you do not!!!!!!
@sean we will do our best. @ricky we can give you a usps tracking number. will that help? feel free to have the conversation with us by emailing us at contact@xyfindit.com, or using kickstarter messages. thanks!
any chance of having this by next wed. i leave for vacation and was hoping to have it before then.
i thought that we are gonna get  tracking number. in my country(indonesia), its nearly impossible to receive a package without the tracking number. the custom will detain the package forever. i would really like to use my tags and in order to achieve that i would really need the tracking number. i really hope you can fulfill that or at least guarantee that the package will go be able to arrive to me thanks
@andy the android is coming along quickly, and your feedback in the community helps. expect a response soon. if anything is confusing, we want to make it less so. the android community is the best place for any android app feedback. thank you for participating!
is it possible to develop a quick youtube video or some screen shots on how the andoid app is supposed to work.  i am struggling to make the map work to locate the beacon, also i am wondering how to make the tag beep as someone has done apparently, or maybe a manual?
@daniel - not easily, which is a limitation of the service we are using to help us with managing our kickstarter backers. we are looking for workarounds.
is it possible to get a tracking number when our tags have shipped? i can't wait to receive my tags.
@jimr between this week and next, we hope to have shipped to all our backers.
when are you shipping?????
i'm hoping this turns out better than the find v2.0. the software was disappointing.
@nicole, absolutely.  it'll be release in sync with the product.  apple *just* released the new testflight frramework for beta distribution today, we are still figuring it out, but as soon as we do (in the next day or so) we'll put up the preview link here.
@daniel since you are shipping soon when can ios users expect an update that address the mapping and other issues?  the state of the current app doesn't do much to actually help locate the tags, at least the test tag,  very well.  thanks!
@andy this week, we are preparing our shipping lists, xy inventory and packaging for thousands of customers.  the following two weeks will be spent shipping out units.  you should expect your xy tags to arrive in the next 2 to 3 weeks, maybe sooner.
daniel, an idea when the xy beacons will be shipped?  i have not received and it sounds like most everyone else didn't receive either. thanks.
@kevin, yeah we are really bummed too.  we are still trying but it's very difficult.  of course we'll give you (and anyone else stuck on 4.3) a full refund.
@daniel. that is bad / sad news. is there any option to refund, or at least defer shipping until we know if a workaround is possible?  samsung are not releasing anything after 4.3 for the i9300 s3, and i cannot root it as i use it for work and so it is locked down.
ugh.   sorry to hear that.  i just did a quick google search and seems like samsung is now saying november (!) for 4.4.4, which is weird since some carriers (t-mobile?) have already released the patch last month.  fwiw, the one s3 we have in the office is running cyanogenmod11 and xy works well on that.
thanks daniel for responding quickly i do see that 4.4.3 has been released to market on many phones in july of this year with one major hold out being samsung which is affecting the galaxy s3 (my phone) galaxy s4 and galaxy note 2 and 3 has been no update beyond 4.4.2.
@rudy, 4.4.3 was released to all markets at the beginning of june.  it has since been replaced by 4.4.4, also released to all markets in june.  i actually can't think of any android device that's currently on 4.4.1/2 and not upgradable to 4.4.4.  htc one (2013/m7) might be?  can someone confirm?  but htc has public committed to upgrading the one to lollipop (when available).  in any case, see below for my response on 4.4.2 -- we support it.
below is what i found out about 4.4.3 this is from a post dated april of this year and i am looking to see if 4.4.3 has been released in any major market. if 4.4.3 is still more or less an internal update that is not in the real world why are you testing on it? android 4.4.3 build has been rolled out to 1% of googlers outside of the android team for internal testing, or “dogfooding,” which means the final release isn’t expected for a “number of weeks” – unfortunately, an actual release date isn’t available yet. the update, known internally as kitkat mr2 (following kitkat mr1 which consisted of android 4.4.1 and android 4.4.2) currently works only on nexus devices including the nexus 4, nexus 5, two-nexus 7 generations and nexus 10, with the moto x and google play edition devices supposed to also get it soon. google apparently also said that android 4.4.3 contains only “critical security and stability,” which is what a previous report from android police said, revealing a changelog of bug fixes in the process. for what it’s worth, kitkat mr2 has not been leaked yet, so it’s not available for testing outside of google.
yes, 4.4.2 seem to be working well right now, but which device do you have?  we can check.  ble has been problematic on android in general and behaviors can vary greatly from device to device, but we see much better results on 4.4.x, and the errors we do run into, we have been able to work around.
daniel do you have any information  you can pass along about android 4.4.2. you keep saying 4.3 is not good and 4.4.3 is working what about the os version between that. my current version is 4.4.2 on an at&t galaxy s3 can you please address the versions of 4.4 and upto 4.4.3. this will give a clearer picture of who it will work with and who it will not.
@kevin, i have some bad news for you.  i'm no longer certain it's possible for us to provide an adequate solution for devices running 4.3.  we are not giving up, but we are running out of ideas and workarounds.  it's a hard problems, because the built-in support is very very poop.
will there be any difference (compatibility issues) when using the app with kitkat as compared to lollipop?
.@peter yes this is good news. .. but please don't get carried away with hyperbole.  the job is not 'well done' until the deliveries are complete.  that has to include the devices to all the backers and software working on 4.3, without which they are entirely useless to me and many other backers.
great news. business is hard work especially when some customers not understand the hard work you do too deliver great products. congratulations on a job well none. can not wait to get my first kickstarter delivery.
@andy, we have been focusing on android.  there is a new build tonight with significant improvements.  please check it out?  ble on android is frankly much worse than we originally thought, but it's rapidly improving starting with 4.4.3 and now lollipop. @marie -- absolutely no intention of "hiding under the radar", simply trying to be personally responsible.
daniel, thanks for your honest response .. much appreciated, andy
@andy, for various reasons, we fell really behind on nearly all aspects of the project, from manufacturing to apps (on both platforms).  it sucks, and we know it.  but we are trying to catch up and we are absolutely committed to android.  1> because many of us use android  2> because the competition is weak on android, we think we can differentiate ourselves by doing a good job there.  that being said, the problem you are seeing with the map is due to unable to get a gps fix (lat, long of 0, 0 is in africa).  we have our best guy on it and we are working on a sane solution.
hey guys .. i appreciate your comments, not to be disrespectful, also don't mean to be specially harsh on xy,  but when a beta shows your location a  few continents away, what does that say to you?  alpha testing instead of beta?  i will be satisfied when it does all work.  we are 4 months plus late ( i understand the slip), but why can't the andoid app be much tighter at this stage?  emanuel i do get the ble issue. but again perhaps xy should have then only supported apple.  as such i would not have been a backer.  i love my android phone and don't wish to convert to apple.
@andy f the bluetooth your car and headset uses is much older technology than ble which stands for bluetooth low energy. i am sorry that android can't work properly with ble but that is google's and the company who made your phone's issue.
andy - remember that you are not a customer. this is not a store. you backed an idea that was not a complete product and will require time and money to complete. marie is correct - there are significant issues with bt 4.0 in android and other trackers are running into the same issue.
wow, an hour ago my keys were in tijuana. that's the furthest away they've traveled without me. (wink).
marie, as much as i appreciate what you are saying... as a customer... i shouldn't need to be concerned about that.  my bluetooth heaset works in my car... i don't need to call my car company to make it work.  if this is such a big problem to overcome perhaps xy should not be supporting android and maybe only supporting apple.  that way backers such as me would not have been a backer.
so maybe you should contact google to ask them to fix ble in android fast.
* here and on igg
@andy not defending xy here, but from all the ble projects i have backed here and on ks, it seems pretty clear that ble implantation in android is not stellar (i also saw many references, even google ones, that state so). i'm backing pebblebee at the same time as this one, and they also have a tough time getting the android software to run adequately.
hi daniel  ( or anyone else from xy) i appreciate your response to me ( us),  i know you are "sick" of telling us about delays, but we expect and deserve these updates.  this project as quite late...  but the issue to me anyway is the state of the android app,  i am fairly certain that we represent a "significant" amount of your backers.  it appears to me that the android app has always taken a back seat to the apple app...  so if the vast majority of the backers are apple users i would get that...  still the state of the android app is bad,,,,  ( or at least appears that way since we don't have the real tags).  anyway i am not very happy about feeing like a second class backer. i supported this project with the same amount of money as the apple backers, and have what at the moment appears to be an unworkable app.  any plans for correcting that?  i know your last comment was encouraging about having a working android app... i hope that was a plan rather than hope. thanks, andy
and how come daniel you don't respond as creator in the comment section. why going under the radar like this?
also do not use comments to reply use update?
you can tell us we are the backers!!!! we paid for it not you! good or bad you must tell us
10 days no update?
dennis i had the same icon. i now have an icon for estimote there. yes you can quickly swipe into the ble app when that icon is there. kind of neat.
@daniel - great - i won't hold you to the dates, but it does feel good to have some idea of your plans. :-) please keep us in the loop with updates. thanks
just noticed this little icon in the unlock screen of my ios 8 iphone. http://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-t3_x16ng9bm/vdk2g59m_yi/aaaaaaaadkm/9dn66-wnbke/s1024-no/image_43.png this makes it as easy to open the app like the camera app.
@kevin, answers to your (great) questions from 5 days ago when will the tags actually be delivered? (start and final dates of delivery) current best guess is ship to usa 10/10 via hong kong, on shore to our contracted shipping warehouse in 5 days on 10/15.  the actual shipping should take no more than 3-4 business days.  in the meantime we are going to send out smaller packs by hand from our office to select backer. what is happening about the missing bonus tags?  the don't have a lot of features and they work very well in ibeacon mode (battery usually last no more then 15-16 days).  we will replace them with a regular xy tag instead, unless you specifically request hte gimbals. when will the android app be out of beta?  when it's ready.  which is hopefully before we ship (see above). how do backers inform you of a change of address? contact our support directly or do it via backer kit. as you said in the update - you have some smart backers - please please treat us like adults and give us the information.
@andy -- i'm not personally managing the android beta group, so i can't say for certain, but it does to seem to exhibit more showstopping bugs then ios one (some are recurring).  this didn't seem abnormal at the beginning, but the pace of software changes (our patch rate) should've  been better.   in response, @arie & myself will take over the android project middle of this week.  hopefully you'll see a visible improvement in quality of the app and the velocity of the change.
guys, i totally understand why some of you are frustrated.  trust me that we are frustrated too...  but as someone said earlier that she was sick of updates and updates about being later and would rather just get the product.  i'm really sick of writing those updates myself and would much rather just work on getting the product to your hands. (the product is awesome -- i have seen them and i use them every day.  i'm very proud of them and you'll (very probably) love them as well.) however, in the meantime, we have *volume issues* and *shipping issues* and more importantly *payment issues* to deal with.  we have done our part for each and we hope our partners would do all their shares quickly as well.  this is the part of the process we don't tell about you -- it's the part we can't tell you about given our current contract. ... at least not until it's done. so please don't mistake our silence in the comments section as some kind of slight or ill intents, or worse...  we are very hard at work trying to get all our partners to come together and do the right thing for us and our backers.  things are moving towards the right direction, but that's all i can talk about it today.
all i too feel frustration as marie states.. going silent at this stage of the process is not a god thing. the state of the android beta program is not very good.  i don't expect a great deal of polish, but some communication is essential, as kevin said we supported ( gambled) on this project.  the problems i am seeing in the android forum are not inconsequential they are in my opinion so severe as to make the product unusable.  i wish the xy team would step and address the concerns of their backers.  i do feel we deserve an acocunting as they do have our money and we pretty much have nothing from them. xy - please step up and and talk to us!
@jonathon - yep - i don't expect this to be run like a multinational. i would not expect updates from a large company's r&d progress if i was buying off-the-shelf.  but we backers have invested (gambled if you like) up front in the product and the team, and are thus sharing in the trials and tribulations and rewards. i don't think it is unreasonable to remind them of the regular _promised_ updates, and keep asking for answers to questions. you say "we should have the products in a month or two".  actually, we should have had them back in april for the promised gimball tags, but 6 months on we cannot get a straight answer to the questions about where they are. if you want an example of why they should communicate - look at the xy android beta forum, lots of comms, feedback and participation; a level of testing for free that would have cost thousands of $.
@jonathan we are talking communications here. creators that are about to deliver going silent is not a good way to deal with problems.
guys relax, the product is coming. they are trying to get a product out that is being made in a foreign country. it's not like a hundred million+ company running the show and if you think that it should be ran like one your expectations for a kickstarter are way to high. these guys are working really hard and we should have them within a month or 2. you join kickstarter to take risks and invest in companies and products you like. you don't commit to buying something like right off the shelf of apple or bestbuy.... that is my rant. can't wait to get it!
@christian - it's not just you they have forgotten, it is all their backers they have forgotten... and they've forgotten their promises to improve communications! on the plus side, they have apologised for poor communication - but not actually done anything about it or answered the exam questions.
hey from europe! just wondering when you think that you can ship your amazing product. i just want be sure that you didn' t forget me :) greetings chris
can you tell us when we will get our beacons?
+ 1 @kevin
xy - tighten up your game and communicate!
thanks for the update, but it still ignores a number of the questions everyone is asking: when will the tags actually be delivered? (start and final dates of delivery) what is happening about the missing bonus tags? when will the android app be out of beta? how do backers inform you of a change of address? as you said in the update - you have some smart backers - please please treat us like adults and give us the information.
i like your newest update looking forward to receiving the best products possible.
yep! no news, bad news!
i'm starting to wonder about this project too. you were pretty good with updates but now you have fallen off the schedule. what are the details, where are the tags?
idk, i'm starting to kinda want my money back.. :/. all these promises for fixes, and updates...nothing. anyone know whats taking so long?
i've received my bonus tag. however, the map and location is extremely way off. i know you guys said you're working on a fix. any idea how much longer? i can leave my beacon in one room and go in the next and my phone alerts me that it's 5 miles away and out of range. i think this makes the beacon inoperable as i constantly get out of range & in range notifications when i'm only 30-40 ft from it, if that. please fix soon!!!
is there a way i can get my money back? the hype is fading drastically. if not, please send my xy asap. thanks.
we have had 27 updates and we don't know when we will have the product finally in our hands. the last update was 10 days ago, what happened?
i was never asked what colours i want. will you ask this question?  will package be sent with tracking. please answer questions in update.
are you going to send orders oversees via express air due to delay. are you going to ask for current addresses? loads of people will of moved.
@daniel... common guys, you keep promising to communicate more. last update was 17th, with a possible revised schedule mentioned there of the 21st. it is now the 26th! please pease please give a proper update at least weekly -  how is android beta going? what is happening with the gimballs for those of us you have not shipped them to yet - i for one have never seen the promised bonus tag? when will the real beacons be delivered?
my geeky ongoing diy project of turning my rented apartment into a smart home is finally starting to feel like it's close to becoming a reality and this post was a long time coming  like many of you i picked up pieces of the puzzle for a while now and i can't wait to see it all coming together… it's amazing that some of you have become familiar faces in more than one projects i follow and the input that flows from the community is both inspiring and amazing, so i just wanted to say thanks to the hardcore backers that contributed so much to my own education over time! i started cataloging my plans on everything related to smart home / smart living and i'd love to get your feedback and ideas – since there are so many different projects to follow, i wanted to try and aggregate and summarize the knowledge so hopefully it would help others in their journey :) you are welcome to offer any opinion and suggestion in the comments or maybe even more – this is a work in progress, please share it. *** http://www.virtualida.com/2014/09/smart-home-diy-project-vision/
nope
anyone received their tags yet?
thanks daniel!  i tried to leave it before but it didn't appear to work, now that you said it should work, i persisted until it did select (took 4 times!) and then i could move it. can't wait to use the real beacons....
@daniel have you managed to find out if you've sent me the bonus beacon as you promised to do on september 2nd?
dm : direct message (contact me)
@marie-andree poisson, i just see your message and thank you to answer me (have you ask xy-find for them by dm? - september 6). i just ask them in this place, i'm sorry what do you mean by dm (i do not speak very well english).
@faline, sorry about that -- it's annoying when you are at the cusp of the beacon signals.  you can temporarily move the item to "leave it" column, it will stop sending you notifications.
@brandon, see the latest update.  we have very limited quantity (and colors) right now.  many more beacons should be coming at the end of this week.
still haven't received my xy. what's the hold up?
i keep getting a "beacon" lost and "beacon" found msg while i'm in my bedroom above where my beacon is, overnight i have gotten 9 messages, needless to say it's annoying -  is there a way to have the program temporarily stop tracking a beacon?  i don't want to delete the beacon as it makes it claimable to others...  thanks, anxiously awaiting the real beacons!
this is pretty frustrating having the device but not getting a chance to use the app. i have emailed the android guys a few times, they've responded a few times, but still no invite for the app. come on guys, throw me a bone
@josefa - we have a android beta community where this information would be great. can you post this feedback there? thanks!
i'mnot really having much success with the android app. it keeps crashing. it only loads the one tag i put in it about half of the time, and it always says that the tag is out of range even if i hold it up to the phone. i'd anyone else having problems, is it something that i am doing?
@kyle - expect it momentarily.
ya still have not seen anything and i had multiple email addresses set up to receive the apk
@kyle, afaik those invites went out?  i assume you didn't get it?  i'll check with the team.
@kevin, you are absolutely right.  sorry, our mo seem to be when things get busy (and it's pretty busy right now), we just keep our heads down and work.  we need to communicate more...
@aron, what version of ios are you running?  the short answer is it shouldn't -- according to battery usage, we are seeing less than 6% of power being used by xy.  one of the cool thing about xy on ios is we are using ibeacon to do the background tracking so it should be far more battery efficient than other ble based tags.
so what happened to the release of the android app last night i'd love to actually get some use out of this early tag
@aron you may be right, even though  i can't say for sure that it xy app. i have multiple tracker apps that could be guilty.
will there be any way to track&trace the shipment ? (belgium) thnaks
update 26 was on the 8th, come on guys - remember your "weekly updates" promise?? revised shipping dates were supposed to be set a week ago... ? android beta news? gimball status? this should be an exciting time - with everything about to come together - please share it with us!!!
anyone finding the ios app severely drains your battery?  ever since syncing my first tag i am having to charge midday!!
have the backer kit been locked? can i upgrade my pledge? thanks
since getting this my iphone battery is just getting killed. does this have to do with the geofencing being on the xy app? use to make it all day. now, with hardly using my phone the battery is at 20-30% by 2pm or so.
my beacon also already died, with only a couple of minutes of use every few days. looking forward to trying out the real xy tags.
@joe ... hi joe, have you tried replacing the battery?  mine's up and running no dramas now.  thx :)
any news on the revised timescales - update 26 said it should have been know by tuesday (9th)? also, any way to find out if / when the bonus tracker is to be sent? as saleem posted, if they are not shipped yet, and as there is still no xy android app to test them against, might as well wait and have an extra xy. thanks
thanks for the freebie. unfortunately it already died. i sure hope your product has a higher standard of reliability
any update on the android app?  there's still no way for me to test the beacon i received.
@inversesandwich -- thank you!  but that's like just your opinion.  :-)  on a somewhat unrelated note, i think your avatar, while awesome, is actually depicting a transverse sandwich...  fwiw.  :-)
thanks for the regular updates and your endless commitment to the product! this is most certainly one of the best-run kickstarters that i have backed. thank you!
keep up the hard work. you want to get it right.
@jeff, you are absolutely correct.  we just identified the batch that has this problem.  i'll do a detailed updated from my hotel tonight.
@ricky, it's definitely rubberized (and matte).  does it not look that way in the photo?  although we will be making a very limited run of uncoated black ones -- they look pretty rad.
edit again: i mean the 22nd update. sorry for spamming. would double check next time before posting
edit: it was the 12nd update that shows rubberized finish
regarding stress cracks it sounds like it is a design issue but as to why most don't could be as simple as the colour additive or a particular batch, meaning the mold temperature can affect the physical  characteristics of the final material. i'd look at or sample the process data to see if there might be variations.
i thought that the beacon should have a rubberized finish? from this pict, its just plastic. seeing the 23rd update(black tag) it has rubberized finish.... please confirm weather it has rubberize finish or not  thanks
robyn yes i found the app on the app store under xy what version iphone do you have?
@danny @pauline have you ask xy-find for them by dm?
when should i expect to receive mine?..
daniel wang, i did not receive my beacon yet. is that normal ? i'm sorry to asking but i need that for my dog (he still makes me a fright this morning).  please do not ignore me again. thank you !
i received my additional prototype beacon and tried it out. i had no problem syncing the beacon and the phone but after a few minutes of trying things out have the following comments: 1). there is no way to rename a beacon or change its photo (such as change the picture to where i last left it). beacons would likely move around from object to object as the need arises and it should be easy to change photos or names. 2). the dots around the signal strength seem to have to real meaning to the locatin of the beacon. although they change it does not help me http://ow.ly/b60ocdetermine direction to the object. 3) per the note the map is not useful. im excited about xy and hope you refine 1 & 2 by the time the true beacons shift. other than the audio beep which is promised (although it is not clear from the app how you would make a beacon beep). it appears that the app in its current form wont actually help me find nearby objects such as keys. device:	(null) ios:	7.1.2 app:	xy version:	1.1 build:	87 also when i tried to use the feedback in the app with this information the email failed.
@daniel @mark. thanks for getting back to us two  dan! if you say your going to check in the morning then do it don't  just post here then ignore us in any case.
to the creator or other backers is the ios app available to all yet i cant find it and don't know if it is because my device is to old or if it is not available yet?
ugur use the blue 'contact me' link to the right.  sometimes the project creator do not look here every day.  that should help you out.
hey what is the prospective delivery date for the bonus tags delivery to california i notice some people are receiving them and want to make sure mine isnt stolen off my step.
guys, what's your support email? i've received my kickstarter package wrong. thanks!
@faline. did you turned on your bluetooth?
i got my trial beacon today - it doesn't work for me i get an error when i open the app "rangingbeaconsdidfailforregion"  and the beacon is never found.  i sent a message in feedback but i'm not sure where to get support ???  :(
@esther the app is somewhat flaky.  i get notifications when the tag is under "keep it", but not under "leave it" unless the iphone is unlocked and the app is running in the foreground (i think it's supposed to work this way).  also, if it hasn't already been done, you must enable the appropriate notifications for the xy app in the notification center (i believe they're enabled by default).
@esther no problems here.
i received my bonus beacon the other day. it syncs fine with ios and registers hot and cold nicely. however, the app does not give a notification sound when the beacon goes out of range. anyone else having this problem? i've already emailed the creator and they're checking with the developers as to the cause. just wondering if i'm alone in this issue.
hi, another query from the uk re the bonus gimball, not recd here and since the xy is almost due, can you just send out an extra xy instead? pledge level > 85
ok, i gifted the bonus beacon to my friend with an iphone... the app works pretty good. she is gonna keep it. can you give a status on the android app... i don't want to give away all of my xy tags.... thanks
this update tells us that the final retail price is $21.95. the xy website now show 19.95... will there be an increase in price for the 7 pack? what will be the final price of the 7 pack. thanks
since sept. 8 is the lock-down date, is it too late to change colors. i realized, i'd rather see the brighter red tag on some of my items in order to spot it more quickly, making sure the tag hasn't fallen off. i've lost other tech devices because i didn't notice them missing until later. thanks for all the hard work you're team is doing on such a successful project! :)
@darryl, @dmitriy, the map bug is terrible, we are working on it.  #dmitriy, great idea on a "do-not-disturb" setting to mute notifications -- do you think a global setting would be sufficient?  or per-beacon setting?  (unfortunately, the ios system do-not-disturb does *not* mute apps, nor is it readable from an app.)  bluetooth is required to communicate with the beacons via ble.
@mark, @richard.  i'll check on your extra beacons first thing in the morning (we are gmt-9).  we had some delays with the gimbals a few weeks ago, but we have been sending them out in (small) batches ever since.
@richard +1
hey everyone, i'm just getting caught up on the comments.  i will answer each one, but it might take me a few days.  we are still experiencing minor delays in production, this sunday, sept 7th is now the pick up date.  i leave for china on sept 4th to handle final verification (and payment).
still not received my bonus beacon here in the uk. have you even sent it?
@kyle, i'll give you an update on the android app tomorrow when we get back to the office.  it should be ready or very close to it.
@temu, first, thank you for your support.  the location history feature is a known bug -- it was severely broken in v1.1 and still not functional in the latest testflight build, but we are working on it.  fwiw, it's not an issue with the beacons per se, but rather how the app deals with background geolocation when a beacon event occurs.  it's fixable, and it will be fixed for v1.2 and in time for the product launch.
@creators, i am a bit concerned about the accuracy the xy beacons and app. your bonus beacon was, to say the least, very inaccurate with the location of the beacon relative to my phone. at one point the xy app said my beacon ( which is attached to my keys said that my keys are located in the ocean near catalina, even though my keys) were within 2 inches of my iphone at my home in los angeles. i'm concerned that the actual xy beacon and app will be as inaccurate as the bonus beacon could you please help and providing some clarity for me and the backers. thank you very much for your time. reapectfully temu
thank you. i received the bonus begin. however it is off by a few miles. i have the beacon next to my phone and it is saying the beacon is 2 miles away...
well any updates on the android app it's been a week since the expected release i'd love to test this beta tag but the only is device i've got laying around is a iphone 4 which is not compatible with your app
from the last update: "at this point, assembly at the factory should take no more than five days after we give them the go-ahead. if we get our final approval by monday, the product will be ready for pickup on sept 1st. to catch up for lost time and account for the unexpected, daniel will be in china that week to oversee assembly & handoff.  we are really close now (and excited)." which means the earliest they can pickup will be today... assuming final approval was on schedule. i'd say an update is probably due a couple of days after pickup, give or take.
its 1 sept already, any update about shipping info? i hope everything is on track and no more delays... thanks
got my bonus beacon yesterday, app is easy to use but the location is off by about a mile and it goes out of range after 1-2 ft, not very useful. hopefully xy tag will be better.
hey james this is a bonus tag. if you have an ios device you can check it out. the creator of the project is looking for app feedback.
i ordered the 7 units got one today can you please check on my order. you selected pledge $85 or more 430 backers find all the things - get all 7 colors in one convenient pack estimated delivery: jun 2014 add $10 usd to ship outside the us
main reason i'm commenting though is to say there are a few little issues from the software side that need fixing. map never shows correct location for the beacon. im getting error codes even after bluetooth is turned on. (isnt it supposed to work without bluetooth too?) there should be a time that all tracking can be stopped, cause as im laying in bed i keep getting notifications that its in range and out of range. for example after 10:00pm to 6:00pm all tracking stops. but those are minor things that im sure will get fixed and/or added over time.  the app is running smoothly, never crashes or glitches. cant wait to receive the real xy tags
@darryl okahata "keep it" means that when the tag is in/out of range the app will notify you.. if you put the tag into the "leave it" column, the app will not notify you when the tag is in/out of range. to make it easier, keep it means track it and leave it means don't track it(:
also, the tag's location on the map is laughably inaccurate.  even though the app shows my correct location on the map, the tag is always shown miles away from me, in various different locations (the tag is about a foot away from me).
got my bonus tag today. app is ok.  setup is good, but requiring a picture for each tag is a bad idea.  a tag can move around, and so the picture is either out-of-date or just some bad generic pic.  there is no (obvious) way to rename a tag, there is no help in the app, and i still have no idea what "keep it" means.  i guess i'll have to re-watch the stupid video and try to figure it out.
received my bonus tag today. fast easy setup. much better app than tile. i like the cold, warm, hot method of finding the tag. wonderful job with this bonus tag and app. looking forward to receiving my xy's in the not too distant future.
just got in my 'bonus tag' ... i have a several  'android' devices. so, to check this tag out, i need to 'loan' it to my nephew. to which he will state, "hey, you don't have a use for this, i'll borrow it a while!" this loan will be similar to the loan of a cold beer (warm beer to those in the uk where lucas builds refrigerators). so, what is the time line for the android app? am i glad i ordered 10? ... not until they are of use. ron
@the guys who received 1 tag.. i guess its the bonus tag you're supposed to get if your pledge is above $75..  so mess around with it and tell us how it holds up! :p
hi xy,  i received a parcel yesterday. it has only one tag. and my pledge was for 10xy tags. what happened?
has the bonus tag been sent out to all the backers? i'm from singapore and i've yet to receive it.
hi xy,   i received a parcel today. it has only one tag though. my pledge is for 10xy tags. please clarify. also when will the android app be released? thanks
ok you sent me this tracking device but it is totally useless to me. first because it only shows the ios symbol.. i have android, i hope the xy device will be compatible with my android as described in your project description.
have fun tim. tell us what you think of the app when you get a moment.
just wanted to say i have now received my bonus beacon in the uk. so i am enjoying trying out the app! cheers tim
will there be some sort of self-adhesive provided so that i can stick one to my laptop?
sry, wrong kickstarter project....
could you please send me a bill? your package is in german customs. :-(
hello x&y, for backers that were promised the 3rd party tracker, when will those be shipped?  before or with the x&y trackers? many thanks, david.
do you delivery all badges in june 2014 because i do not receive mine ...
any update? have you give the factory" a go" to start mass production? are we still on track by 1 sept as you told us in the 2nd last update? thanks
@kyle, any day now.  we worked through a bunch of bugs over the wknd (and discovered a bunch more)...   it's mostly ui issues at this point.
when are we expecting to see the beta for android released
@tw, thanks!  we are trying our best...!
@marie, ultimately we want the xy app to be the "one app that find them all".  in practice, there are device limitations to the number of signals we can track in a battery-efficient manner.  as it stands right now, the app *can* already track any ibeacon-type product, including estimote (large & nearables), roximity, ibeacon gimbals, and others.  however their specific uuids are currently not enabled.  we are developing a modular configuration system to allow the user to selectively enable/disable device types to fit their needs.  this will also extend to ble-type beacons like chipolo, but furthermore, the xy app will be able to track non-beacon type products such as fitbit, automatic, etc.
sweet! thanks for the update! :d thats all we wanted, well, for now..
@daniel, which other beacons products will be supported by the xy software. also, did we get to choose the range of the xy in the sofware? i don't see where.
thanks daniel. i thought your app would work as it is for beacons. looking forward to getting my hands on my xy. have a good night.
@marie @john, nearables is a developer kit with sdk (like the larger estimotes), no actual software.  the xy app will be compatible with estimotes (large & small) so you can use xy to track those beacons as well.
marie-andree yes i looked at those.  i pre-ordered a set.  looking forward to comparing xy and the nearables.
umh! http://techcrunch.com/2014/08/21/estimote-wants-to-pioneer-nearables-with-new-stickers-beacon-hardware/…
thanks for the update.  looking good!
i'm beginning to think we've been had...
another late delivery, of course. . hopefully the software is smoother then find's at least...
any estimate on the delivery date for the finders 3 pack???
when can i expect to receive my order?
whatever happened to the comparable tags stretch goals? i have not received anything. i did purchase 7 of these little life savers. any news?
thanks marie i was confused.
yet again the "weekly" update has been missed :-( the production shipment was due on the 13th - has it left the factory?, and would it not have been worth a post to update everyone?
right  thanks @marie. i thought it was the xy beacon... so i have to ask for my tracking no by email when its being shipped. will i get notified when its being shipped?
it is possible to have a delivery date ? i am in france by the way.  thank you very much
we are talking about the qualcomm tags (beacons) here, not the xy ones. you have to ask for them by email, they are not automatically sent.
have the tags been sent to everyone?
for those who received the tags, what country are you guys at? i havent received mine... will you guys get a tracking? how come no update that the tag is being shipped. lost here thanks. looking forward for my tags and thinking of buying more :)
@giampaolo & marie-andree please let us all know how you like them.  if you have the time.  i look forward to receiving mine.
@giampaolo & marie-andree: pulling the yellow tags out without opening them is fine. you can also use a coin to pop open the tag and remove it that way, it won't get damaged. you'd have to make sure to put the battery back in the right way though.
@marie-andree: i got mine today as well. i simply pulled the yellow tags without opening the tags to avoid to break them
received my beacons (yay!), how can i remove the yellow tags on them. i putted a little bit of force to open the beacon, but don't want to broke them!
can i have a date when i will receive my order please?
when will be receiving the product. also after pledging i received another email asking if i wanted  to purchase additional things. when will we be receiving those items?
@j. benton and others - fyi, we are having some major problems with the gimbal configuration manager this week.  nearly 70% of all beacons in our possession no longer have configuration assigned.  we are working with gimbal on this.  no resolutions yet, but we will update as soon as we have something.  https://www.dropbox.com/s/63fbinedz28f58p/screenshot%202014-08-14%2013.18.38.png
@espen, the "spamming" of uuids is caused by the qualcomm gimbals -- it changes ble mac address on every broadcast.  it's a neat security feature, but causes havoc for many devices.  we look forward to your field reports.  :-)
for those who also have this issue: i received the qualcomm fyx, but it's not being picked up by the app.  emailed xy who said they're working on a solution.
test beacon arrived today (norway). seems to work great with the app. will do some field testing.:-) one thing i noticed; i use the lightblue app for my bean (ble experimentation platform). the test beacon appears to "spam" the lightblue app with "unnamed" tags. i don't know if this is an issue with the lightblue app or the tag. you might want to check it out.
@dennis, why not both?  :-)  @luigi, we sent our some international bonus beacons on friday and monday.  the xy beacons won't be available until end of the month.  (will leave china around 8/20)
@ricky, yep.  mark is with us.  :-)  we'll release a v1.2 build to you in the morning.  thanks for helping us test.
i received an email from testflight. i was invited by mark strauch... am i being invited from the xy team or? please clarify and is it safe? thx
i received my test beacon today, it works very well! i just need to figure out if i'm going to hang it on my keys or on something else. :-)
have any backers in the uk received their tags yet? i haven't and can't find an eta...
need to order an xy to locate my xy ;)
@daniel done. with screenshot, description, ios ver, device model.  thanks! i will help contributing in every way i can!
@ricky, yes...  sorry about that.  with the help of our beta testers, we found (and addressed) a bunch of bugs already.  can you send us some specifics on the ones you encountered?  we will be submitting v1.2 to the appstore in the coming days.
downloaded the app, its great. however theres some bug related with location services. cant wait to get my beacon tag
due to overwhelming demands (we can only generate 100 gift codes for each version of the app) we decided to make the ios app live: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/xy/id797274875 update coming...  sorry for the delays, we are just swamped here (but the work is really exciting, and wouldn't be possible without all of you.)
i am in the us and have not received mine either.
@wurzel21 i actually direct messaged xy about the bonus tag myself a week ago and they got back with me very quickly saying they were waiting for app approval (at the time) but if i wanted to help beta test the app they would send it immediately. i accepted and received not only an app code but the bonus tag within a few days so i imagine once the app is up on the store people will have their bonus tags very quickly after that.
my last comment was to investigate when the bonus tags would be issued.... the response in update #17 stated that they would be issued upon apple approval...this is now in place so can i have my bonus tags please...along with the redemption code for the apple app?  ...have been waiting patiently
i have not received my xy tag yet. you can check if it has been sent correctly. i am in italy.
i've been using the ios beta app for a week or so. it's beautiful with nice animations. the gimbal tag works well, even without sound   really looking forward to the xy tag. thanks guys!
do i eed to pledge for the developer to receive the app code? because i didn't but i'm excited to test out the app though...
brian thanks for this shared information.  have fun playing "hide and seek" with your kids.
i was able to download the ios app today (via requested code) and play around with the qualcomm tag i received a few weeks ago. the last hour or two, my kids would take turns hiding the tag somewhere in the house and i'd have to find it.  they loved that game. the app worked quite well even without a noise or vibration from the beacon. i had to go kind of slow once i got pretty close, but other than that, the app led me to the spot every time. i'm excited now, more than ever, to finally get my seven pack of the real deal xy-branded tags.
"get one of our exclusive 100 prototype tags 3d-printed from our office. we will start printing these tags as soon as we hit our goal, and will ship them out as soon as we can" funded on april 20th, so i guess three and a half months isn't "as fast as you can".  also no response to a request for a app code that i wasn't supposed to need in the first place. very disappointing.
no sign of my tags - have you shipped any to the uk yet ?
*feeling happy that i'm running 4.4.4*
@sandra, we are trying to support your device.  there are known os level ble bugs with 4.4.2, but we may be able to work around them.
so far my htc one m7 is only at 4.4.2 and i heard that android l doesn't come out until later on...so what happens now..
guys, update coming...  and nearly all good: ios app *approved*; android beta almost ready, but still dealing with stability issues on 4.3 devices; factory might finish a few days *early*.
you guys are ridiculous turning into a "pressy fundraiser" not only are you late but you can't even keep a constant update
hey guys, how's the android app beta coming along?
last update was 21st, it is now 30th, what happened (again) to the weekly updates promise?
like paul, i am tied to 4.3; my phone is locked down by company policy, so i cannot root it. how long are these "unpredictable intervals"? (if it stays up for 1 minute that may be enough for a beta, if i cannot find an item in that time then it is probably gone for good.)
just found out that my uk s3 won't receive any further updates from samsung so 4.3 support is essential for me.....and many others (as i don't want to go down the alternative rom path).
this problem is not exclusive to xy. the pebblebee tracker is also having (probably) the same issue with android 4.3.
wait now you are moving to android 4.4.3 my samsung s3 is only at 4.4.2 so the tags will be useless to me and a major group of people i am sure. really you have to do better then this we did not fund your project to get something we could only use if we buy a new phone and right now nobody i know has android l. so can you explain why now you are making something that is useless to such a large group.
@kevin, @wajid - sorry for the delay in getting the update, we are just confirming all of the dates with our various partners.  right now we have an unconfirmed date of august 11th-13th to ship (by air) from the manufacturing facility to us with various manufacturing milestones before that.  android 4.3 is still an issue -- i understand your frustration.  we are working around os-level bugs (the entire ble stack crashes at seemingly unpredictable intervals).  we don't yet know how/when these problems can be resolved on 4.3 (i'm not clear if anybody does), and we are not ruling out 4.3 support at launch yet -- we will make that call in 2 weeks.  in the mean-time, we have good developers working on this.
"we'll have a catch-up update for everyone tomorrow. we are a bit behind (~10 days), but everything is on track"   if you know everything is "on track" then you presumably have some dates to measure against. please can we have the promised weekly updates, and some visibility of those dates - preferably more precise than "still tricky" ? (android 4.4.3 is useless to me, i need the 4.3. that was promised).
3 days but still no update again
(correction:  it's now july 17th, not june 17th. but you probably already knew that.)
i received an email on june 27th stating that my bonus tag would be mailed to me on june 30th. it's now june 17th and i haven't received anything yet. i tried emailing privately a few days ago but got no response. have the requested bonus beacons been sent?
guys, just want to let everyone know that we are still working on that update.  as i mentioned earlier we are running about 1.5-2 weeks behind schedule.  we want this to be the last delay, so we are verifying the timeline with all parties.
@justin, i've heard of you guys!  ... specifically swift shopper.  nice!  the project might be too far along for us to bring on outside help, but i'd love to discuss.  i sent you an email.
@robyn, sorry about the delays.  please send us an email at kickstarter-at-xyfindit.com and we'll take care of it.
i was hoping that i would be getting my tags by the end of july i will be moving at the end of july so my mailing address will be different as of aug 1 how do i change my mailing address?
if you all want to offload some of the android development work to my team, feel free to contact me. would love to help any way i can.
@kevin @wajid - daniel here, sorry for the delay, i was in china visiting the factory, just got back ... an hour ago.  we'll have a catch-up update for everyone tomorrow.  we are a bit behind (~10 days), but everything is on track. regarding android: - we *will* have an android app when we ship the hardware (now early august) - it may not *at first* support versions of android other than 4.4.3 (and possibly l) - 4.3 support is still tricky
the last "weekly" update was conspicuously short on any indication of when the android app will be released, even in beta. please can you include a proper statement of when android will be ready? in particular, will it be before or after we get or devices "at the end of july"?
where is the latest weekly update
when are you going to send them?
after reading the last update, and looking at the pics, i wonder if the beacon get dirty easily? if you guys knows apple cables, they get dirty easily. does this beacon get dirty easily?
@wurzel21 read the update.
ok so what happened to stretch goal $150k?????---- the third party tag has yet to be received here..... have these been sent ?
@rudy, thanks for the info.  i wasn't aware they got shutdown -- we've been watching them (and ambient energy capture) closely.  regarding xy, as promised, we will have an update late today/early tomorrow.  a lot of people have been asking about the bonus beacon: we are holding them to see which version of the app gets approved as they'll require different firmwares.  we will send them immediately after.  also, there is an option for people who just want the gimbal hardware (w/o xy software) to get them sooner.
i just wanted to tell everyone i was backing another tag called ifind and kickstarter just shut them down 3 - 4 days before funding they were looking for $25k and had pledges for over 500k. looks like there was some fraud going on.i would really like to see an update for this project.
quick response re: qualcomm beacon. thanks!
@creator i also ordered an extra qualcomm gimbal beacon when i filed the form on may 6, but until today i have not received any confirmation that the beacon was sent to me or even that my credit card was charged the additional amount for the beacon. please, provide some feedback on this.
i paid additional for a qualcomm tag and haven't received it. i'd like to cancel that immediately and just stick with the xy tags... how do i do that?
@david what is qualcomm tag? is that the generic tag that pledge above $75 and above suppose to receive? i didn't get that..
so for the waterproof, has xy tag get certificated? ipx?
update us!
updates would be nice, we don't all want to have another omate truesmart kickstarter problem were things went from bad to worse. looking forward to the app being released for android shortly too as there should be no store problems as with apple.
there ar many other similar projects out there. if this product, together with the android app as i needed, cannot be delivered by the end of june, i want to know what is the procedure for getting my money back. i leave this comment here and i will also email the xy-findit team.
emailed them and been told that we will get xy late july  and they going to do update this week   i hope
please have the decency to give us an update!
why is the creater of this project be online everyday but never gives us any reply. no update in such a long time.   before the campaign finished we was getting fast and regular updates
even if you don't have any new information, insight into how progress is going or at least some basic baseline expectations for us. as a collective unit, we have pledged 4x more than needed for this project, and people are starting to wonder if that money to help you guys out is going to get realized in the eventual delivered product. i think it's obvious; we are all still behind ya! just would like to know where things stand. thanks!
can we find out what is going on please? i am really excited to get my tags but am starting to feel like they aren't coming. i would at least like the option to get the pre-release tag shipped out if i have a android phone as that app seems to be up and running.
dead silence for 2 weeks, with absolutely zero response (or even acknowledgement that there are questions!) on the status of the android app, or the shipment of the bonus devices.  feeling slightly frustrated.
@creator   can you give us a status update?
so i just moved and i was curious how i go about changing the shipping address?
hi, maybe you can get some pointers about ios app and finer points on working around the issues from these guys http://techcrunch.com/2014/06/12/tile-the-lost-item-tracker-with-millions-in-crowdfunding-was-worth-the-wait/ i am still waiting on the android app updates. thanks for communicating regularly with yours backers. i know, it is taking so much of your time, but i must applaud your effort.
very excited to get my xy! i am curious to know what the status is on production and shipping. thanks!
the 15th is coming up, to make the deadline of shipping it on june you need to ship it in the following week. we need an update, even if it´s nothing new, we need to know how things are going
@giles smith, +1
nearly 2 weeks since the last update. any progress on the production or the tags or solving the apple saga? answers to the request for expedited android support in the apple app store vacuum would also be welcome.
for those getting worried or disappointed, i received my bonus qualcomm tag in the mail yesterday. it doesn't work yet since the app's not out, but i did receive something. i imagine others will get there's within the coming weeks.
where is everyone on here? no update    they are online regularly but still no update   kinda worrying now
another disappointed backer here - the stretch pledge was "an additional compatible tag to every backer @$75, shipped _immediately_ on completion of kickstarter". that was back in april...  no compatible tag was "immediately"  shipped; no android app nor any date on when that will be available, no shipping date, another week since the last update about ios rejection, (which tbh i don't care about.), no news about the waterproofing or attention grabber... you've got a 1/4m bucks of our money, i agree with debarshi, we deserve a bit more active and regular communication than "its all apple's fault."
i think you should be updating us weekly, if not more often, with the following points- 1. manufacturing/molding progress 2. android app  3. ios app hope to see these points addressed by you in the next update, which should be in the next 1-2 days? cheers and good luck!
@creator. it´s june finally, i know i know, it´s really early in the month but you should be in the packaging state right? can we get a week in the month when you´re going to send them, thanks jaime
echoing the questions on the android app.  it would have been great if the survey had allowed us to choose our os so that you could send out the "in advance" tag and/or the pledge tags once the app was ready, even if the other os had to wait.
disappointed with the update  not because of delay but because of the reason of delay that being the apple app.  and this aint the only project i think that has been rejected by apple.   i dont understand why most projects give ios the priority when they know that how closed system ios is and apple dont accept apps that easily especailly those that give functions some of its own other products can do too.   pressy got delayed but at least they only went with android so no issues with the apps on there.   think you should concentrate on android too so people will android phones dont have to wait over apples stupidity
what about the android app? has it been developed? in google play store?
i would like to know what is happening on the android front? since the project specifically mentioned ios/android development i decided to back it up. i am an android user and since there are several similar projects around in development for ios i thought you guys are going to seize the opportunity and develop an android app first. but i was wrong. and like all the others before you, you have been waiting 6 weeks to get a reply from apple. what were you doing in the meantime? did you maybe start working on the android app in any way? is the plan to wait on apple as long as it takes (and obviously it is taking months) and than you will start working on android once ios is completed (hopefully sometime by 2016)? it sure didn't sound like that when you were asking for pledges so i would really appreciate some clarity about android plans. thanks
@rudy.  exactly.  you did that perfectly.  we will charge you the difference in the next week or two.  thank you.
i have a question. i did used the backerkit and it showed me my pledge which was for 3 tags it allowed me to up it to the 7 tag package which i did knowing that i still have a payment to be made. was the the correct things to do on the backerkit page will you charge me the difference which i am ok with.
@joe, that won't happen...  the app *will* be approved.  guaranteed.  update is coming -- i got stuck on a coding problem for most of the day yesterday, but i'm on it now.  sorry for the delay.  @jaime, android version is progressing, the biggest challenges being the bluetooth stack & lack of sdk support for 3rd party beacons (e.g. gimbal), but we are working through them as well.
that should be with an iphone. love spell check.
and what will you do if you don't get an approved ios app?  refund the money as it would be of no use to those of us without an iphone. the update to be released in a few hours-20 hours ago?
@daniel wang, that´s crazy, apple is going mad. on the other hand how is the android version going?
guys, we are putting together an update to be released in the next few hours...  we are progressing well on the manufacturer front, not much to report until the factory finishes the final mold.  the big news is the ios app was finally rejected (!) before the long memorial day (usa) weekend...  the precise reason that was given is still a bit non-sensical to us, but we are working with apple on this, and i'll go in details in the update.  in a lot of ways it's a very welcomed change after the app sat in the "in review" status for 17 days.
can we have a quick update please...
guus, respond please.. any update is welcome...
but on their website it says they be ready to ship in june 2014 so i hope it be worth the wait   but surely an update is due soon
they havent been online since 22th may on here and their facebook page hasnt been updated all month.  hope they are busy with the product rather than doing nothing
no communication since the 9 now i wish i had backed ifind, what is going on i backed with 85 dollars, i would like to know if the android app is up and what it is called and when my free tag will show up if it has i would like to know if it was lost in the mail.
it's been 16 days since the last update... what's new?
it's been 16 days since the last update... what's new?
backed it!
anyone else look at ifind: supposedly doesn't need batteries!
no update in 2 weeks when you said "see you next week", and no comment in 17 days is indeed not very good communications. and communications is important part of a project!
i thought we were supposed to be receiving our generic tags this week. any update on those? no feedback in 2 weeks is stretching it a little bit.
werent we supposed to get update a week after the last update?
yes, you haven't answer my question or anybody for the last few weeks... i hope we can still make it in june and also my question can be answered. thx
dear xy team, i hope everything of manufacturing process going well, it would be great if you could give us how situation is, we a little concerned about your project. sincerely,  daisaku uehara chickippie llc
one question for me: i added an additional free compatible tag in order to get it as soon as possible and start to sue the application. so the question is actually 2: a) when i will receive it? b) when applications (ios and android) will be released? keep it up!
hi two questions, one i have an android was wondering what the status of the android app is?     i spent more than $75 when should i receive the free compatible tag?
한국분은 안계신가요? :)
what is the status of the ios app?
please use a postal service like usps and dhl, ups or the like. and please declare it as a gift and not as merchandise. your product is a reward for our pledges. and please attach that declaration/invoice at the outside of the package too. thank you and good luck with production and distribution. cu, robert
any further update on the generic tags? how/when will they be shipped out and will we be able to track them?  obviously we also need the app to make it into the app store so we can use them.
dont worry, got it :) @xy-findit
i have not been emailed a survey, is there a way i can find the link to it somewhere? @xy-findit
any updates on the android app? i have 3 test beacons and you guys are shipping me another one soon but i only have android devices so i can't test them out yet.
@creator so how is it going with my question about unlinking completely a tag with a device/user id? i really wish you guys can help me with that. thanks!
@david, not yet.  see my comment here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/xyfindit/xy-the-secure-tracking-tag/posts/829823…
is the xy app/beta released on the app store yet? i didn't know if i had glossed over that info. i imagine it will be made available when the qualcomm ships?
gotcha thanks. will wait for the xy tags :)
@richard - no link, but the main differences are ... style and buzzer. we happen to think the xy tag is much more stylish, and we are excited about the buzzer functionality we are building into the xy tag, which the qualcomm gimbal beacon does not have, but this xy compatible beacon still provides all the basic functionality and you can start using the xy app sooner.
is there a link that explains the difference between then xy and the beacon? think i've missed something. thanks for the prompt reply too.
cool! i just added and extra beacon as i'm in hurry to give it to my wife who loses always her house keys! :-)
@richard - no, you will get one included and that will ship out in the coming days. if you want to tag a few items now and use the xy app on your iphone, then you can order more until you get your xy tags. @mark - batteries cr2032
hi, just completed the backer survey... noticed this "qualcomm gimbal beacon". i pledged 75$, do i need to add one of these on as it says i get one included!!? thanks
do they have batteries or is there a charger? thanks
first three!
what about chipolo, trackr, gecko, and pebblebee? maybe the first four will finally work with your software ;-)
thanks for your fast answer!  and yes, you're so right, i totally forgot a few parts of some updates... i own a few sticknfind, any chance to provide support for them too in the app?
@gouzou, we most definitely will support other tags, see update #4.  which specific brands do you currently have?  we will have xy, ibeacon & gimbal support right out of the gate, with additional manufacturers added throughout rest of the year.
hi there i don't know if it's possible (or just non-profitable) for you to allow the app to detect other ble tags, even with an in-app purchase? i already own other tags, i would really like to have only one app to rule them all... anyway, i know it may be weird to support other brand tags, but it would be soooo useful. looking forward to receive the tags to tag stuff and wife! good luck for what remains to be done cheers
@mark why are you referencing chipolo in here? should we understand something?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
and to add to @ricky's thought, is there a way to link to my phone and my daughters at the same time?  i pledged for this because things go missing frequently around here and if i'm not home to find them it would be nice for my daughter to find x and not be late for school.  thanks.
this is going to be awesome!!!! i'm soooo excited!! :d
@inversesandwich battery is not effected by the thermometer because it is already built into the soc. i don't have the details but there was a report detailing that the battery life impact was very minimal if close to zero.
@inverssandwich - good thought. we will always try to be creative about ways to help the battery last as long as possible. @ricky - thank you for raising that use case. it makes sense to us too, and we'll see what we do to solve that scenario. @kevin - interesting idea. there may be some creative things we can do here. our backers are awesome!
please don't utilise the thermometer, or at least give us the option to tun it off completely. i don't want to drain the battery of my tags on a feature that i'll never use.
i pledge 3 xy tag... i want to know if all 3 i associated with my device and if one day i want to give it to my friends, can i unlink it from my device and made the xy have 0 connection to me?
one additional feature request: have an option to set broadcast interval. this would be useful on certain items which i do not lose regularly and would like to save battery on. for example, putting this on car i don't usually need to find so i would set broadcast interval to maybe 1 minute. which means that i would need to be in the find-it app for a max of one minute to find this item but the battery may last around ~5x as long.
ah so no thermometer at launch. however it will be available as a software update, not hardware update correct?
@joe - two sided tape will not be a problem. we may include it in all packaging, and are evaluating options. sorry to have missed you!
i purchased a number of tags and purchased some for items where attaching them by ring would not be feasible, e.g. my glasses case. would the a application of something like 2 sided tape to fasten the tag inhibit its use?  sorry i didn't get to meet you around wondercon but had to go to my grand daughter's birthday. guess i'll have to wait for my first tag.
@kevin - a thermometer will not be in the initial tag, but it is definitely something we are thinking about for future iterations of the xy tag. @james - more like the size of a silver dollar. @ricky - the survey will go out in two weeks, after kickstarter has had a chance to process the project funding, etc. thank you! @wurzel21, @dennis, @brandon, @arvin, @tricia, @david, @kevin
any word on decisions to implement the built-in thermometer? i'd really love that feature!
how big is the device? like say compared to a quarter.
hey great to see this has now exceeded the $200k mark and now complete. cant wait.. i think that this project may be of interest to you all to integrate with xy:) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1630453569/angelblocks-smart-wireless-building-blocks-for-sma
so when will you give out the survey? sorry this is my first pledge :)
awesome, and we also achieved the stretch goal as well! now i can use a couple of them on the mv agusta keys my dad constantly looses.
thanks for the reply and all your hard work. i've lived i'm san diego all my life and have enjoyed supporting local projects. congrats!
congrats!
whoo hoo!  great campaign.
woot! congrats! looking forward to using these. now comes the stretch goal of delivering on time... haha.
congrats on a successful kickstarter campaign.
@brandon - we are in downtown san diego.
almost there! just upped my pledge from 1 to 3. what part of san diego are you guys based?
congrats!!! i believe in this project! i pledge the package 7+ 2 pets. it would be nice to see some drawing of the pets xy. tks! =)
@manuel - because of the stretch goal we reached, xy will beep function to help finding.  we also looked at rechargeable batteries in depth, and we found that ones that are small enough to use in something like this have very short life times per charge, and would increase the price of the each tag.  we would love to add a rechargeable battery, but current battery technology is not quite good enough/cheap enough to work.
could xy  in the future have a flashing light and beeping to help us find its location and may be charge it by wireless charger?
thanks!
congratulations for the 200k !
@andreas - that has been brought up, and is one of a handful of things we have on the list to explore (as is pebble).   we will be looking to add the features that we think make sense, but have not had time to really look into those areas quite yet.
congrats on passing 200k! since we're on the subject of features, it would be great to see support for something like ifttt here. it could prove quite useful and interesting in many ways!
also thinking about increasing to three. just to get some inspiration, where do you guys planning to use them on?
congratulations on passing the 200k mark! i also want to add a second tag like @dennis & @ali.
well done!!! i'd also like to increase to 3 tags!
if anyone has a specific question about being able an add-on besides their pledge, just send us a message, and we will get back to you.  there will be at least one set of eyes on the campaign at all times until it closes!
@inverse, sorry about the confusion.  we have been trying to get things answered between everything else with being at wondercon.  the first half is correct (no updates at this time).  we have pebble on the list of technologies we are interested in integrating with, but we have not had the time to research what we will need to do for that integration, and how much development it will take. at the very least, i can say that unless someone takes the pebble integration as a weekend project (which may or may not happen), it will likely not be a feature at launch. @ dennis - sent you a message.
@creator i'd be also interested in adding a second tag like @ali. what are the options?
> @inversesandwich - no new updates at this time. the xy app will support standard ibeacon tags > and when those companies approach us for integration, we will be receptive. pebble doesn't support ibeacon. it's a smartwatch. remember?
woooooo!
@ali - sent you a message
i just made a backing for one tag. i would now like to add one more to that. is it enough to raise the amount from 21$ (including 4$ for shipping) to 38$, or do i need to add more for the shipping as well? thanks.
thank you all for the support so far!
yehhhhhhhhhha waterproof tags  handy when you live in the uk!!
rock on!!!! 200000!!!!!!!!
600 more to go!! 9 hours left! come on guy, we go this!
@piers - start without the shipping, and if we need to work that out later, we can figure that out.
i have just made a backing, it's a brilliant idea! in mid-june i am moving out of the us. should i add the $10 shipping fee or wait until june and pay the extra $10 if required and possible?
last $1000!!!!
make sure to share xy with your friends so we can get that last ~$1500!
only 1500 dollar until the waterproofed version :d
4000 backers :)
@jamie - we have not yet worked out a formal warranty policy, but you can contact us through the form on our website.
@kevin - we are dong the best we can to ensure that the balance between size and functionality is right.
how will i be able to contact your company if my tag is broken or stopped working (ie chipolo), do you offer warranty or a client support service? i suggest you establish a good relationship between customer and seller therefore on further projects, people have confidence to pledge on you.
a personal preference but i would prefer as small a casing as possible over a stylish big one. some find-it's are the size of a quarter, based on the photos, this looks around 50% larger
@amir - we are still very much on track for our june 2014 delivery. may 2014 was allotted for packaging, and as you have seen, we are much further along than that.  a production manufacturing run once the working samples are approved will only take 4 to 6 weeks, and we are close to having the xy jewel tags engineered.  we feel really good about the math right now, but also understand how our timeline may have caused you jump to other conclusions. we appreciate your support.
my support just shrunk and is still in question to be honest :( you say that the dimensions are being finalized but according to your own time table you should be deep into manufacturing by now if you are to meet your delivery time which you say you will – red flag? i realize you are keeping it positive for the sake of raising funds, so if that's all you can say at this point, that's understandable… i'll do my math.
@inversesandwich - no new updates at this time. the xy app will support standard ibeacon tags and when those companies approach us for integration, we will be receptive. @erasnep llc - thank you. we are very excited too, to bring the technology to the marketplace in a way that is cost-effective, fun to use and solves practical problems. the help and feedback from our backers has been tremendous.
@amir - we had a great meeting with our manufacturing partner yesterday and feel great about our progress.  we will best testing each feature to maximize battery life.  the size will be very close to what you see in our videos and photos.  the exact dimensions are being finalized. thank you for your support!
48 hrs to the end i'd expect you guys to stay on top of the comments and be more responsive...  this is actually not the first ble tag i am backing (seems like i am. it the only one here) the others have yet to deliver on time or a satisfactory product unfortunately. and you know what... i am really not sure i want to gamble on another development group with poor planning and communication skills, can i trust you are not like that?
also, any updates on pebble support?
@marie i wouldn't be too happy having semi-nude women on my tags, but afaik, it's just for wondercon.
i really believe this is a great project! good luck !
just hope that you will avoid that kind of content in the future! reconsidering my $75 pledge.
compared to similar ble tags that report 1 year of battery life (similar battery) - you are reporting expected 6 months, can you explain what feature you expect would take more juice out of the tag?  also, i couldn't find actual tag measurements - diameter, height ? - are those final and verified ?
@marie-andree - a little more information about the aspen tags.  these are made from the art of michael turner, the late founder of aspin comics.  he was a very popular and respected artist in the comicbook and pop culture realm which wondercon represents.  we are very honored to be working with aspen to have these images on the tags, and are looking forward to other branded opportunities for users in various niches. thank you for understanding. please find some more information about michael turner at this link - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_turner_(comics)
@jori - that sounds perfect! @marie-andree - these co-branded tags are for a specific event, wondercon, and are consistent with that convention. we understand that comic conventions aren't for everyone. we are sorry this upset you.
i wanted 2 xy tags and live outside the us, so i pledged 38$ (17 + 17 + 4) on the find it pledge, am i right ?
and what about having only semi-nude women on those co-branded tags? can you explain here how it came to be? little pissed ...
@toby - no worries. you raised some good questions and points that needed clarification. unfiltered comments from our backers have only helped us. thank you.
@creator, fair enough. i didn't want to come across as a d*ck- i was just missing information and seeking clarification. btw, the packaging (i know it's a little thing) is looking pretty sweet. i'm kinda like that though- the attention to detail with the small things like that are important.
@counters - love the creative thoughts around this idea. we are taking notes. @kelsey - android is not that far behind, and we are still confident that we will have the app ready by june. @paul - perfectly said. the feedback we receive will help us and the creative feature ideas from our backers is definitely a source of inspiration. thank you.
yeah i do like the idea of counter... maybe also put the number with the area(country) so we will know if our area(country/city) has xy user too
i know that the ios app is nearly completed, but will us myriad android users have an app ready for us by launch? also, the idea of having a counter on the site to see how many tags are live is nifty.
and more people using the app, more people discovering bugs and giving feedback before roll out in june.
@toby it's actually beneficial to you, as the more xy users, the more people can find you items! @creator when the tags start to ship, could you put a counter on your website with the number of activated tags. it would be quite interesting to see how many are out in the wild at a given time.
i live walking distance from the conference. i don't plan on attending but can i buy you a coffee at starbucks and pick up one of the beta tags. i don't think i could survive going to wondercon.
i live walking distance from the conference. i don't plan on attending but can i buy you a coffee at starbucks and pick up one of the beta tags. i don't think i could survive going to wondercon.
@ toby - i understand your concern, but let me explain a little here. first off, these tags are not the final xy jewel design.  they do not have any sound generation functions or water resistance.  we will also be sending non-aspen branded versions of these tags to all backers who have pledged $75 and above (which will be shipped as soon as the funding has cleared).  the tags are not being given as free “swag”  for attendees, but rather something that they will be able to purchase. the wondercon promotional event is a way for us to showcase the app, as well as getting a small sample of third party tags in the hands of users so that we will be able to ensure there are no major hiccups in the software as we get the app ready for our full launch in june. kickstarter backers will absolutely be the very first people who will get the completed xy jewel tags. thank you for your comment, we appreciate the feedback, and are working to ensure that everyone is able to have the best experience possible with xy, and this limited beta is part of the development process.
so, i just received the news that joe schmo who shows up at aspen comics' booth at wondercon will be picking up some "third party" xy tags. these will be promo, fully functional tags i assume that joe s will be picking up for the price of admission (1 day is $25)? i have pledged $145 so i can have the privilege of being one of the first in-line, so my funding can help development, and so joe s can acquire a couple before the funding is even over?! and why not? those "people...cannot wait for the final release and want to get an early taste of xy." when in fact, they're just looking to throw some free schwag in their bag. i will "wait for the final release (you folks have june as your target on kickstarter- 2 months after joe s)" like everyone else who has funded this project but i'm not 100% i'm on board for future projects. i've never heard of a kickstarter project serving others before the backers. it's your business so do what you think you need to do. please, correct me if i'm incorrect or misinformed here?
@paul for some reason like. i order 3 xy, but planning on using just two while the other one i will keep it unused until i found the use for it... but smart idea to take out the battery hahahha. and is it safe on flights?
@ricky, why would you want it off? if you're not using it, you could remove the battery and that would turn it off.
yeah if the thermometer is already built in, might as well implement it but maybe for those who doesnt needs it, will have the option to turn it off. i had one question, when we receive xy, will we be able to turn it off? or it will always turn on 24/7?
a thermometer would be good to also help give clues where you lost your item. for example, if the thermometer reads cold in a warm house, it's likely you left your item outside. if you happen to leave your pet inside your car, you would also be able to see that the temperature may be dangerously high. there are many use cases and since the thermometer is already built in, it would be great if we could utilize it.
that being said, i agree with comments of projects biting off more then they can chew. that chipolo tag has all sorts of issues i hear with malfunctioning tags and such and i love the xy as is and agree that everything else is fluff. if you can do it, awesome. but functionality is key.
@paul - that is an interesting idea.  we will look into the possibility of adding that in!
temp sensing would be awesome if you're on a plane and you have it on your pets tag to know if their too hot or cold in the belly of the plane. same for luggage.
@ chris - we are not planning on adding an accelerometer to the xy design, and while there may be a thermometer on the chip, we have not seen any use for it other than being 'cool', and that feature is not something we believe will make xy something that you can better use to find your things. (if someone can explain a good way it is useful, we may look to add temp sensing in an update, but currently we don't see a use).
@amir - the app development is going very well, very soon, the first ios release will be available, although it is still very much in development.  android is not that far behind, and we are still confident that we will have the app ready by june.  we are also very deep into our manufacturing, with the first production samples slated to arrive next week.  overall we are quite confident that we will be able to get things out when we anticipated.
@xy-findit please don't add an accelerometer or thermometer or any other things, or if you do, please make another model. i value battery life and low cost over all kinds of unnecessary functionality.
one last question about the pet collars. for those of us who ordered the package including 2 pet collars and tags as i have 2 cats that look exactly alike will they be different colors?  thanks.
since meeting the delivery time commitment does not seem to be very high on many ks graduates priority and yours is rather ambitious to begin with (should be deep into manufacturing by now…) i wonder now that the end of the campaign is near – how do you see this commitment? considering your app development status, the number of orders, the stretch goals etc. – can you reaffirm the time table or commit to something you are sure to meet?
for example the battery is replaceable...
what males the xy different from the tile? http://www.thetileapp.com
@eric cho, @ creator: wouldn't an accelerometer be needed on the circuit board if the shake feature were to be implemented? creator, is that something that's currently planned? i think it's a great idea, because then the accelerometer could also be used to notify me if something that's supposed to stay still when i am not with it is moving. like a bike. but i suppose that might only work if the tag is in range? also, another section of the app would need to be designed to facilitate that. and that would probably affect battery life. as great of an idea i think it is, at the same time, i think that you have a specific goal with the xy tag, and i wouldn't want to see you lose sight of the goal, because there are too many "distractions" that keep you from attaining the goal.
how far is the detection range?
so june.. cant wait !
should it matter if chipolo was a crappy product? the point is that they had a good idea and didn't execute it properly. xy has the opportunity to expand on the idea of others and chipolo had a good one by shaking one tag to find the phone that would find all the other tags in the first place.
not shure that chipolo is a good reference to point at! look at the comments ...
i'm seeing chipolo has a shake and find your phone feature. will xy be able to do this?
@kevin: luckily enough, the soc already has a built-in thermometer, so it could be activated via a software update. but there is no real use for a thermometer on a tracking tag at all. the casing probably couldn't be made any smaller due to battery constraints.
a few suggestions if you guys aren't all the way finished with design.  add a thermometer. a temperature sensor could be really handy and i've seen it done in chipolo without any impact in battery. a smaller casing. similar ble find-its are smaller and since i plan to keep this in my wallet, i would like it as small as possible. a similar project with both a thermometer and smaller package:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1015015457/chipolo-bluetooth-item-finder-for-iphone-and-andro thanks, i hope you take these suggestions seriously. gl!
@anders, approximately 6 month battery life, and yes replaceable battery.
moar questions! out of interest, will you be making use of the soc's hardware encryption for xy?
@ anders about the battery almost everything is in the faq (on the website, the faq is on the bottom of the page project, on the kickstarted ios app, it's more complicated :) but i agree with your concern, @creator, does the ip increase is a risk for the battery replacement ? (and like @inversesandwich you forced me to increase my pledge... colleagues and friends are interested... :)
do you guys have a rough idea of battery life for the tag itself? will the battery be replaceable or does the ip rating mean its designed not to be opened and re-sealed? thanks and good luck!
there's competition on this one, but i think you have the technology and heart in the right place. i'm getting a really good vibe from you. best of luck :)
@marc, @hakkert, thanks for the link -- it's pretty awesome!  @laural, we haven't gotten to them yet, but almost certainly.  @inversesandwich, it bothers me that vector image was encoded as a jpeg; on the other hand it's also the highest resolution image i have ever seen of this meme...   so...  thanks?  :-)  one more thing, pebble watch support is coming.
http://www.thelonelyd12.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/shut-up-and-take-my-money.jpg grrrrrr! you keep finding more ways for me to give you my money - i've increased my pledge to the $85 one!
@maxime - in the faq it says that the battery is user-replaceable.
@creator would you mind making a video demo of how long and what depth its able to be submerged under water? so that we know its limit... thanks
@creator. so the device is water proof right? not water resistant... even if we didn't reach the goal it would still be ipx5 even though its not rated?
@creator water resistant (rain) ok and great ! waterproof... "génial !"(in french) replaceable battery ? i didn't see.  compatibility with other "find my stuff devices" ? "find my phone" function (i lost it twice a day :) thanx !
any chance of chipolo support with the app?
@goxub -- it is, the current casing design has internal ridges and internal rubberized seals for water & dust resistance.  it can easily withstand brief immersions in water and other liquids, but it's not officially rated.  at $200k, we are going to get the necessary certifications (and modifications to design if necessary) for ipx5 or higher water resistance.
i thought it is already waterresistant?!
ding ding ding. home run!
now on wired: http://www.wired.com/2014/04/a-tag-that-finds-lost-keys-and-lost-pets-and-has-killer-ux/
@ross, the app will keep track of the last place that it has seen a tag to mark it on the map.
@jacob, while you are using find-it mode, you will see increased battery drain, but for most functions the app does not significantly increase battery drain.
was there any free goals?
i have dreamed of something like this for my cat! there's a lot of blocky gross looking junk available in the uk but this looks pretty stylish.  not sure if i missed this but does this device track an objects movements and map it? i this something worth considering for the future? as a pet owner i always thought it would be awesome to know where my pet cat hangs out. great project guys best of luck!
will this drain my phone battery?
i really hope we do hit the 150k stretch goal! i've been convincing friends to back xy so we can hit the goal.
@jamie - we will be launching the app when we think it is ready to use.  seriously, though, we will be making an update very soon that will address app release, wondercon (booth 147), and some other awesome things.
@creator are you going to launch the app when we hit the funding goal?
agree @jamie. it seems like such a simple little thing (probably isn't tho). a shame to miss it by a $1k. hope we don't.
i think xy should implement the 150k stretch goal even if we dont hit the mark just because it would stand out from the rest of the competitors
i'll be ultimately impressed if we can pass the next stress goal, and i really hope we do!! fingers crossed!
if my calculation are right, we could just reached 2nd goal on the last day of the pledge... so please for those of you out there thinking of pledging, dont hesitate anymore just choose the right amount you want. you wont be disappointed. come on we can reach the 2nd stretch goal!
i pledged for the 3-pack. can i have all of them in black? also, does the app display the remaining battery power?
only a thousand bucks a day til we pass the second stretch goal!
i really hope you'll reach the 150k mark because i would love to see the "calling" feature on it (so that the tag wil make a sound/will vibrate when you're looking for it). but anyhow it's allready a great product! keep up the good job!
my pledge is early bird finder's 3 pack for $40. now i want to change to pledge to get 7 pcs. so, do i have to increase my $75 since i am one of the early backers, or i have to make it $85 ( which it seems to be unfair for early supporters). waiting for you reply , so i can increase my pledge accordingly.
wish i had one yesterday. my cat is missing!!!  hopefully they will be shipped before my other cat steps out.
just upped my pledge to the $85 one! i'm gonna be so broke at the end of the month...
@inversesandwich, awesome.  thanks for the links (the 2nd one is particularly helpful).  we are still getting the dev environment for pebble setup, but we are pretty excited about this (and other wearable techs).  what are your thoughts on google's new round android watch?  more updates soon...
@max, high-five on trilateration!  we will provide you with an sdk post product launch and you'll be able to experiment with rssi signal strengths from multiple fixed position beacons.  however, just a heads-up: it's difficult -- static errors in rssi measurements are quite high for all beacons of this size.  if you are serious about this, we'd love to get you involved sooner.  ping me directly at daniel.wang at xyfindit.com
@joe, we are still working out the specifics of the pet collar, but the tag itself will be waterproof with ipx4-rating or higher.  not sure it's obvious from the product video we posted the other day, but the tags have an internal rubber seal to keep out dirt & moisture.
hi, love the idea of the product, but there is one thing i'm curious about. will there be an offline/not registered mode where i don't need to use your servers to use the tags? for example, if i just want to register my tags locally with my phone. obviously here i wont be able to identify other peoples tags or some such (and lose some other functionality), but i think it should be an option. things that could still work are going out of range of your tags, finding your tags, etc. cheers!
also just found this which might give a better background on app intergration: https://developer.getpebble.com/2/guides/app-phone-communication.html
@creator a watchapp would be better suited. you could have a list of tags, then by selecting a tag it could show the signal level. the xy app could also send a push message to the pebble if a tag is out of range or found by someone else. if you use pebblekit (http://developer.getpebble.com/2/mobile-app-guide/android-guide.html - this is the android version, an ios version is also available) in your app, you can launch and close the watchapp from inside your smartphone app, as well as push messages easily. keep me up to date with any news on the pebble app. if you don't have the hardware to test on, i can help you by running it and sending any debug logs if necessary.
hi, i am an ios developer (and student) and would like to use xy tags for trilateration.  is this possible if i use them in fixed positions?  if so, would it be very difficult to get that information into xcode, or would it work the same way as any other tags?  will you guys release any code, sample apps, or api of any sort to help developers?  lastly, and this is less important, how much more or less accurate is this than the stick'nfind tags?  thanks!
i haven't seen any comments as to water/mud/dirt/shock resistance as i ordered the full package including the pet collars. thanks.
@erik, that's awesome!  thanks for the link...  what does it say?  :-)  (google translate produced ... interesting results)
@inversesandwich, we just got the pebble watch sdk and are looking at integration options.  great idea!  any suggestions on watchfaces vs watchapp?
@peter, actually it was the tmbg song "particle man".  j/k, it was the icosahedron.  we were originally looking at cairo tessellations http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cairo_pentagonal_tiling -- we had ideas that each color would be a geometrically unique shape that tessellated together to form interesting product packaging, but it created too many manufacturing challenges.  anna, our lead designer drew something similar to the icosahedron one day and we refined via sketchup.  thanks for the geometrydaily link btw, really cool videos.
curious, was tilman's http://geometrydaily.tumblr.com inspiration for your case design? it's a cool, similar to http://geometrydaily.tumblr.com/post/33428364684/286-icosahedron-shaded-a-new-minimal
just backed this after heavily researching btle modules. i'm really hoping for the waterproof ipx4 housing. sticking on on my dji phantom asap.
@amy - cloud finding, yes.  comes back into range, yes.  missing so, yes.
@renaud - we are working to build the app so that there will be as little localization as possible needed in the app.  that being said, we will not be creating a localization schedule until after we have released the app in english.
found an article about the project in the norwegian newspaper today ;) http://www.dinside.no/927825/xy-holder-orden-paa-eiendelene-dine
this appears to be an excellent product - i do have a few questions. i know you say that you'll be able to control who can see your tag, is it possible to have a feature that if something is lost/stolen you can change it in the cloud so that your item is visible to /everyone/, that way you can crowdsource finding it, assuming another xy user passes close enough to it? i'm assuming if something is out of range then comes into range you'll be able to track it?  for example, if i put a tag in my luggage, then turn on the finder while i'm standing at the baggage carousel, i'll know when my bag is close enough so that i can start looking for it?  (or, for much better usage, if i put one in my car, i'll be able to find it in the parking lot when i forget where the heck i parked?  or if i lose my so in the store, at a concert, or while camping, i can track him down?)  :) i didn't see anywhere (unless i just missed it) what the actual dimensions are? thanks!
hello :) does the application will be translated into french?
congrats on becoming a staff pick today!
@jamie that was exactly my idea, i'm not looking for a fitness tracker... :)
i don't think that having an accelerometer, then programming it to work as a pedometer (or fitness tracker) is a good idea. but i like the idea of having an accelerometer, and a mode in the app that would know if something that wasn't supposed to move did move (like a parked bike, or a garage door opening while you're not home, etc.). i am not saying that it has to be done, or that there is a budget for it. i just think it would add to the functionality of the best bluetooth tracker being made.
if you want a fitness tracker go here:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/522669502/flyfit-unique-ankle-tracker-for-fitness-cycling-an the xy is designed for finding objects, not tracking how many steps an object has taken.
@inversesandwich, thanks for stating the beedingly obvious.  nobody asked to change the existing device. people are smart enough to know where and when to get fitbit. @filippo, @ricky, if you want accelerometer get a finder which already has accelerometer supported. there are many and one currently on ks. it's not easy to make hardware changes this late and let @xy concentrate on their core competences and focus their energy in providing the best bluetooth finder in class
@creator: check out https://developer.getpebble.com/. all you need to know is c++, and possibly javascript depending on what you want to do. the website will walk you through setting up the tool to build and test apps.
@joe mak: great idea! @filippo falleroni bertoni & @jamie fehr & @ricky andika: just no. it's a device to help you find and locate your things, not a fitness tracker. it would severely reduce the battery life, could potentially make the tag more expensive and would increase time to develop software for it. go buy a fitbit or jawbone up or whatever.
2000 backers!! :)
yeah! put an acclerometer and make it track our walking steps(pedometer) and it will make a good fitness tracking device....
i like the idea of an accelerometer too!
please put an accelerometer into xy!! :)
@joe - we have been looking into that, and we are working on some location-based conditions already.  as for the calender, we would have to look at how much work it would be to tie in the common api's for calender related things, so i would say that we will not be launching the app with that functionality, but i have put it on our "nice-to-have" feature list so that we can get back to it once we have all the core functionality finished.
@inverse - we will start looking into pebble support.  i think that sounds like a wonderful idea. cannot say anything specific until we look at what all it would take to develop it.
would be kool to see conditional linking such as if i'm at home i don't need to know where my bike is or if my calendar says i'm going to work i don't need to track my ipad...
@inversesandwich good one!
will there be any pebble smartwatch support? it would be pretty cool to keep tabs on my tags from my wrist.
@jacob - like any app, using xy will require some battery use.  we are designing the app with that in mind, and are working to ensure that the drain on your battery is as minimal as possible.  some active features will drain your battery faster than others, and we are working to ensure that those features are only active when you have explicitly turned them on.
would my phone battery plummet from using this?
you guys need to design sunglasses that have this functionality built in!!!
@shizuka -- yep, as i mentioned earlier we've been playing with the ninjablocks drivers sdk.  it looks like a straight forward integration (will require xy api access to decrypt uuids).  however, we don't yet have a ns to test against...
@shizuka, yes -- that's correct.
@alex, yes, definitely.  the ble support on windows 8 phones (and surfaces) is actually quite good, so should be an easy port.
are there any plans to eventually make xy compatable with windows  phones?
i banked $195 on 10 xy. is it possible i get one 10 xy($110) and one 7 xy($85)?
excited about getting some xy tags! have you considered chatting with the ninja sphere guys to get your two products interoperating? would be cool if the ninja sphere could track the xy tags. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ninja/ninja-sphere-next-generation-control-of-your-envir
i've chosen the finder's 3 pack reward level. is it possible to add another reward level on top, such as a single tag?
yes, so i could attach one xy at my garage door to know if someone open it! (sorry for my english!) ;)
@filippo & @raymond -- did you mean some kind of accelerometer?
@ferdinand, this has been addressed a number of time before in the comments.  specifically, see my comment: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/xyfindit/xy-the-secure-tracking-tag/comments… (scroll down and you’ll see a few other ppl’s comments right below mine)
@creators, as marie, and i am sure others, indicated let just concentrate on x and y. let's not get tangled up with technologies that might be too much for you to handle.
@ricky, we hear you.  (haha)  see our latest update and $150k sg.
@zaifu, those reward levels are old -- we have since optimized our packaging (and shipping costs) so please select the cheaper $17 (+$4 for intl ship) award if you are looking for a single beacon.
@ferdinand, we don't have an official ip (ingress protection) rating yet, so right now we can only say it's water-resistant.  however, we are targeting waterproof (ipx4 or higher).
@marie, thanks!  we are definitely focused on our core mission of providing a best-of-breed finder product, no more, no less.  @asterix, while i appreciate your enthusiasm, i do want to help correct some potential misconception you have about the technologies behind these product.  we have sent you a few pm's, feel free to get back to us there or in the comments here.
@xy-findit what different between international find it and find it?
is this thing water proof? how can u compare this to pebble-bee or gatekeeper? both of this kickstarter project are awesome ,,, can u defend your product please,,, thanks
fair enough @marie :), agreed!
@asterix with all due respect, i think that xy should concentrate on that : xy. nothing against z, but since it's not in the initial specs, and that xy has promised a simple, inexpensive product that work well and have superior software, i think that z should be left alone, at least in the ks version.
it would be nice for you to have sound enabled in xy... it helps us find it rather than looking for it
... can you show me?
yes
@asterix, i'm not sure i understand what you mean by z-axis value?  have you seen a sensor somewhere that can measure the height of itself indoors?
if you can pull this off then i truly will believe you are best in class.
yes, i understand 3d positioning is not easy and yes, much easier to talk rather than doing it. the easiest way to go is to add the additional hardware for z-axis sensing and integrate this in to your xy tag. then calibrate discrete levels by asking the user to stand at each vertical level and identifying floors. now when the user is searching for a tag and you are getting the rssi from the tag assuming no z-axis and use xy trilateration to find approximate location. then you read the z-axis value from the tag and compare with stored level and this tells you which floor you are in. if need be adjust trilateration post level identification.
i forgot, there is one finder in pre-order stage that has the hardware for z-axis location.
@creators, does your corporate product trilaterate in z or just x,y. starting to understand why you named it xy :)
@asterix, i agree.  we actually have a corporate product that does trilateration using ble signals, so we know the problem well; but as you mentioned, it requires 3 or more "anchors" (hence the "tri") to get a positional fix. in the single-transmitter-single-receiver situation we are talking about here, it's nearly impossible to get any kind of directionality...  unless you do something clever.  :-)
@daniel, i added multiple floors (2 for single family and 3 for town homes) because it is very important. you've said you are striving for the best a finder can be.  i don't know of any finders claiming z-axis location. however i know zuli plugs and ninja sphere claim to do that using ble signals. with ns it's multiple hubs with atleast one on a floor. with zuli it's a minimum of 3 ble plugs and without any hub. there is a hardware upgrade that can be done to nail z-axis and no finder has it on the market as of today. if you are up for it, it's a nice challenge for a sg. one worthy of your claim to provide the best in class experience for a finder.
@jaime, unfortunately we can only support devices with ble stacks, so iphone 4s+, ipad 3+ & ipod touch 5g are required.  on the android side, android v4.3+ is required.
@asterix, we'll post a video of the (experimental) directional compass some time next week.  it's planar directional, we never claimed multiple floors -- or z-axis at all.  are you aware of anyone else doing that?
what about non-4.0 bluetooth phones such as iphone 4 and others, no support?
@creators. any update on the heat map and improving directional accuracy including multiple floors. it's one of the important things that can give the best end user experience which is your claim to fame.
here what they say regarding integration : "comes with a free api for developers will be made available to utilize all the pebblebee functions and sensor data for whatever you want!"
@marie-andree, probably -- if they publish a sdk for their tags, but they might be busy working on integration with soap.  ;-)
@raymond - we don't like to get ahead of ourselves, but yes we are looking at additional stretch goals.
will the app be compatible with pebblebee?
@raymond like motion sensing?
any other stretch goals being considered right now? i know we're bound to hit 75k within 41 days, and i'm excited to see what's ahead.
@jonah, it's hard to say since tile's selfstarter campaign was nearly a year ago and afaik, they have yet to deliver any product; their app is still not in the appstore. however, if we compare the features based on their site, xy will have: a user-replaceable battery; slightly smaller; support both ios & android; exclusive software features such as xy origin, talk-to-owner, etc. in any case, we are not focused on specs: our goal is to deliver the best-in-class user experience, including the best-in-class app with support for tags from other vendors -- including tile, if they publish an sdk (presuming they eventually ship).
@bryan.  currently our entire focus is to produce & deliver the promised tags & apps to our backers.  no plans on making a smaller version at the moment, but we can look into it.  is there a specific form factor you are looking for?
will there be plans to make it smaller so it doesn't look too clunky on smaller things?
@jonah for example, tile's battery is not replaceable...
i have a question. what's the difference between tile and this?
i have an international find-it early pledge. can you please tell me how much extra to pledge to get one or two extra? (i assume the list you posted a couple of posts ago is for a regular pledge)
i am not sure this is answered already. can you post the difference between online and offline use of xy. what functions would be lost? thanks
@seirei, we'll look into it, but it would unlikely to be much cheaper than the early bird 7 pack, which is only $30 more for 4 more beacons.
@mrono -- it would depend greatly on our manufacturing capabilities, which is primarily affected by production size...  and the competitive landscape at that time. if we were to go into mass production today, i would guess the retail price for a single beacon would be around $20.
i was just wondering, would it be possible to get some add-on possibilities? i'm currently in the early bird tier with the 3 tags and the next best thing would be getting 7 in all the colors. it would be nice to order 2 xy's in addition to the 3 i've already selected, because so far i'm ordering 2 for me and 1 for a friend to save on shipping and i'd love to get 1 more for both of us. thanks for the answers so far, by the way. :)
any idea what the final price will be to purchase an additional xy tag after the kickstarter is all said and done?
@filippo -- great idea!  yes, definitely.  i just looked into adding xy as a ifttt channel; we don't yet have a developer portal, but oauth2 & webhook callbacks are already on the roadmap, so it should be a very clean (and useful) integration.  thanks!
xy has a big selling feature. one of it which i like the most is that i can replace the batteries. until now. i havent see anything like this that i can manually replace the batteries
not only is this still being funded, looks like we're in for more stretch goals http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/xyfindit/xy-the-secure-tracking-tag/#chart-exp-projection
@creator is possible to add ifttt features in xy app?
@giacomo, to repeat what marie said. markets decide the fate of products. even after 20 finders have been funded. it's still being funded. it says there's a market for these and the preceding ones haven't satisfied the needs yet.
@giacomo, tile hasn't shipped and am wondering if they will ever ship. estimote looks bigger and has an accelerometer and does not look like its a finder but more of a platform for selling ads.  lapa might be close. the idea is very new finder tries to stand on the shoulders of the earlier ones and fix problems with the earlier. i would definitely not use the word copy. only time will tell which is the best.
@giacomo yes there has been many locators project on ks (and indiegogo), but the technology is maturing and getting better from project to project (i hope at least!). even though i agree with your point in the case of mature technologies/products like wallet, pens, dices, cards, etc. but at the same time, if people back them, who am i to say!
i have some idea for the apps: 1)its better if you can mark an item lost and when the device get near the app will remind us. 2)maybe i need to bring an item with me before i go to work, i can leave the xy near the object and set the time at the app when the time comes it will remind me 3)maybe give the item a sound so that it would be easier to find the item?
@seirei, the xy app allow the user to (optionally) link one or more photos of the tracked item to the beacon (e.g. take a picture of your cat before you put the tag on the cat) -- this makes it easier to setup the tags and allows easier identification if the tracked item ever become lost. (this is not a new feature -- it's already part of the ios app, we are just showing the progress on android)
i'm not sure if i understand the newest update. does the xy have a build in camera now or what are these random photos supposed to show off?
i don't know in what sense the features you mention are original but nevertheless my point is that it is probably the 20th ble tracker i see on crowdfunding and all of them seem to be basically copying the first ones.. i think crowdfunding should promote original projects and not act as a marketing platform for copies of already crowdfunded ones.
@koen, actually we lowered the international shipping rate for a single unit to $4 awhile back.  per unit cost is as follows: 1 pack - $17.00 each 3 pack - $15.00 each ($45) 7 pack - $12.14 each ($85) 10 pack - $11.00 each ($110)
in your latest update you are talking about lowering the price of a single unit, which is great of course! but can i assume that the price of a single tag will be $11 ($21 - $10 shipping) and will this also be the case for multiple units?
@giacomo -- don't forget app navigation from airbnb and color scheme from the rainbow!  but seriously, we got our inspirations from many sources, including friends, family, geometry (the xy tag design is a projection of a regular icosahedron), and yes, other technology products (incidentally did not include tile or lapa, although we were aware that tile existed). we have a great feature set, some are original (secure uuid, origin, keep-it mode, etc), some are similar to others (network share & find), all have been designed by us for usability and joy, but an artificial "comparison" matrix structured to earn xy more checkmarks than others seem counter-productive to our goal — which is to deliver a great end-to-end user experience instead of a bucket of features.  thanks for your support!
honestly this seems to me as a copy between tile's crowdtrack, lapa's go public, and estimote's design. can you please display a comparative table between your main competitors?
thanks guys
@asterix, xy origin requires xy cloud account to work -- it works by forwarding local notifications to other devices on the same account.
interested in answering my question at all?
@brandon, it just means we need useable sdks from the beacon vendors.  we won't be able to work with everyone right out the gate, but we'll continually add support for 3rd party beacons and push those out via app updates.  if you have suggestions on specific ones we should work with first, please let us know.
@brandon, good question -- internally we tend to pronounce it as 2 letters (x,y) i.e. the coordinate system.  the final product will have slightly rounded edges, but we still recommend putting the tags on the outside of your jeans.  :-)
the interoperability promised with the $75k stretch goal is (to me) a killer feature.  in the description you said something like "with the cooperation [of the other companies]": does this mean that if they don't cooperate then you can't offer the interoperability?   also, will it be just your software working with their hardware, or will you make your hardware work with their software as well.  having both would be awesome: the latter would be good because then if i lose an item with a xy on it, i could have 12 times as many people out there whose devices can find it for me!
should we pronounce xy like two individual letters, or like the beginning of the word "xylophone"?
there are lots of things i love about xy, but the sharp edges and the pain they will cause to my leg when i'm wearing jeans is not one of those things.  can you round the sharp edges a bit?
@seirei, it’d be inappropriate for us to discuss products we have yet see. what we could say is neither one of these projects are the first in this category (by our count, we could be the 12th & 13th ble finder beacons to hit the marketplace in just the last year), however, we feel no one has yet delivered a compelling end-to-end user experience, and it’s certainly not due to lack of features. we went into this with a very narrow focus on *delivering* a useful solution to solve a specific problem.  as an engineer, i can tell you this is far more challenging than just developing features — it requires a cross-discipline team of engineers, designers and project managers, which we were fortunate to put together...  by no means we are guaranteed success, but at least you know where our heart is. @david, @inversesandwich, @hakkert -- thank you for your support.  we won't let you down.
is it possible to use xy tags without cloud? origin is applicable for people who use your cloud service right ?
looks like a great product that has the potential to be very successful if it promises to do exactly what it says, here's my pledge and best of luck to creating a world full of xy's!
from a non technical standpoint this tag has the polish every other tag lacks. from a technical standpoint, it's streamlined and serves the singular function to the best of it's ability. from a financial standpoint, it's the cheapest on the market. from a consumer standpoint, it's a pretty obvious choice to me to get this to keep track of my stuff.
@seirei (and everyone else wondering) -   first, sorry for the last few days of quiet, as lee noted, we were out of town meeting with multiple manufacturers, and only got back in town last night. we believe that there is much more to making a product than adding all the features that we can find into a box. the goal at xy is to make the best product to help you find your lost items. we are focused on ensuring that the product we deliver is able to help solve a real world problem in the best possible way. we are working hard to make our app a joy to use, and to make our designs ones that you would want to show off to your friends.  simply, we believe xy is going to be the best product on the market because we are commuted to making xy the best way for you to find your lost items.
i saw the pebblebee, and not only does it borrow the name of my favorite smartwatch, but it's app looks like a clusterf**k. plus the tags are more expensive.
more options doesn't always mean a better product. the app of the pebblebee seems so flimsy to me. so i hope the actual product works better then the app looks. xy seems more thought through to me...
i'd love to hear an official statement on this one: i guess many people will ask themselves the same question, but with the pebblebee around why do you guys thing that your product is superior? i guess there's no denying that both projects are very similar and so far it seems that the pebblebee has more functions.
just wanted to let you guys know that the xy guys are out visiting manufacturers to ensure the highest quality.  they will get to your technical questions as soon as they get back in a day or so. @steve, i wont pretend to know the specs, but i have been helping to test the xy tags and have several running on my iphone 5. i have had no problems at all running multiple xy tags at once. - lee
i have a 15-month-old son; this will be a great way for us to make sure he doesn't get too far away!!
firstly guys great product. now forgive me if this has already been asked. i have purchased the 3 pack, but my understanding of bluetooth is that you can only ever connect to one device at a time. therefore if i had 1 xy in my wallet and 1 on my car keys i would have to choose which 1 to monitor correct? regards, steve
since this is intended to interface with mobile devices, my main concern is not the battery drain of the xy-tag, but the drain of the mobile device. i have never done any projects with bluetooth, but my understanding of most wireless technologies is that at higher frequencies, you need to spend more power to send out signals. i am wondering if you folks have an optimized method for the phone to search for bluetooth signals so that it doesn't turn the phone into a power sink.
what is the resolution for the find-it feature? is there a minimum search distance? for example, if i am standing in my tv room will i be able to use the app to determine if my lost remote is under the couch, under a couch coushin, under papers on a shelf above the couch, etc? or will it only be able to let me know the "general" location (within x feet)? also, for the keep-it feature, will you able to configure the out-of-range distance? i know bt has a maximum range, but maybe there is a time one would want to be alerted at 100 ft, or 50 ft? finally, just an idea, but how about a reverse find-it, like being alerted when an object comes into range? you know, so you can to pretend to be sleeping when a certain person comes into the room, or something like that. :-) thanks! i can't wait to try them out!
also, will it have the same functionality as the iphone app? thanks!
just backed! can't wait to have these in my hand! are there any screenshots of the android app yet?
@alexander - of course it is...  to be honest, we started out on team raiden, but it was hard to work on electronics with him around.
@o.d. yes, we are going to make the shipping rates more sane as we get closer to have the final packaging in place.  stay tuned.
@avijeet - yes, simply add $15 for one additional beacon.  if you want 3 or more, it would be more economical to switch to one of the higher awards.  thanks for the support!
@david - we are currently hosted on a set of redundant dynos at heroku (https://www.heroku.com/).  however, we are looking to switching to host directly at multiple amazon ec2 regions to support so many oversea backers, and to provide geographic redundancy. the servers will store account information (and salted password hashes) as well as registered beacon ids.
congratulations in meeting your minimum goal!  i can't wait to get mine.  but i do wonder if this is just some evil plot to take over the world by shang tsung.
is it possible to make an international 3pack early bird with the lower shipping price? i have a $19 pledge for international early bird but would like more xy's
actually it is cheaper at early bird rate, and without shipping costs.
made a pledge . actually wanted two of those. can you create another pledge for $30 ( 2 xy  findits).
congrats!!
congrats on reaching the goal.
@creators, i am sorry which of these statements about xy is not accurate. xy has an rolling uuid security system that offers more security, vivid colors, slick shape and is cheaper than pebble bee.
hey xy - i have some questions regarding your secure server... will you be hosting them or a third party? what redundancy do you have in place should they go down? & what information will be stored on this server? cheers, d
@myles, asterix is correct, the best solution to secure & locate your smart phone is icloud on apple devices: http://www.apple.com/icloud/find-my-iphone.html or android device manager on late-model android devices: https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager‎ once you find your phone, use xy to find everything else.  :-)
@chris, asterix's list is not accurate.  the products are not comparable -- xy is a purpose-designed solution for tracking your stuff that just happen to use bluetooth le technology.   pb (and others) seem to be more general purpose ble beacons with optional sensors. it's the difference between buying a refrigerator (us) vs. a high-output freon compressor (them). only you can decide which product is more appropriate for your needs...  but our goal is to deliver an advanced, secure, turnkey, item-tracking solution with the best user experience.
@myles, if you misplaced it in your home and it's not in silent mode then you can shake the finder to make the phone beep.
@myles, there's nothing to best find my ios device for ios devices. for android, i am not sure.
im not sure if this has been addressed, but what if i lose my phone? is there any way to find my phone without having to put a tag on my phone and use someone else's phone to find it who happens to have the app and share my phone's tag?
ok how about a side by side comparison
@chris,  xy has an rolling uuid security system that offers more security, vivid colors, slick shape and is cheaper than pebble bee. pebble bee has 9-axis motion sensor, buzzer, led, water resistance, colored bumper, wireless charger as a stretch goal, a button on the finder, costs more than xy. battery life depends on user. so it's not comparable. both support android and ios and have cloud integration.
how does this differ from pebblebee?
@nicole, we are honored that you selected us.  we won't let you down.
i am very excited about this item! i have a form of autism that tends to sometimes link with short term memory issues (asperger's syndrome). i will place something where i do not normally place it, and within 5 minutes i would forget where i had put it and then go into a panic where i will tear apart a room looking for said item (usually my wallet). i am hoping that xy can help me in regards to this problem, so i am backing this project (especially since it will wok on my android phone)! keep up the good work, guys!
great! ;)
@filippo -- we have been looking at the ninja sphere.  it looks like an amazing device (and more importantly the founders have a great track record, so we think it'll actually get made :-))  we can't wait to get ours!  it's definitely on our (very) short list of integration targets, but no promises on timing.
+1 to @waldo, i have or pledged for a lot of finders hoping to combine all of them through ninja sphere. just imagine having to open 10 apps to search for something. i have to remember which finder i used.
it would seem as such filippo.  with the sdk being released post-delivery, it would be unlikely to support any device other than what their app runs on for quite some time after you receive it, if ever. @creator, i would suggest that this may harm your campaign and you may want to consider partnering with a few manufacturers or at least releasing the sdk before the end of this campaign. it's useless to myself and my guess is many others if it cannot be used with anything except your proprietary application.
@creator so i can't use my xy with ns?
@marie-andree, we hear you -- and we are working incredibly hard to make sure we don't disappoint you. we understand a big part of kickstarter is to generate excitement for interesting concepts, but at the end of day, we want to deliver great products.  to that end, we have been purposely conservative in our schedules and feature specs; and we have assembled a small but talented team (with a history of shipping products) to help us achieve our goals. thanks again for your support.
@david, actually no.  one of the major design goals for xy have always been security -- unauthorized users or devices should never ben able to track your tags; so our tags are designed to generate encrypted rolling ble uuids -- every beacon transmission from the same tag with appear to come from a completely different ble device.  3rd party gateways without proper authorization will not be able to connect to our beacons. while this may limit the initial "tinker-ability" of our tags (xy sdk will come post product delivery), and pose unique integration challenges, it is a necessary trade off to deliver the best, most secure, track-your-stuff solution.
@filippo falleroni bertoni and @asterix: depending on what you want to do with the ninja sphere, you probably won't need a driver to use the xy with the ninja sphere, as the ks page says they'll be able to track a number of ble tags (such as stick 'n' find, gecko, tile etc.) -- you just tell the ns to look for all ble items in the house, pick your xy from the list and it'll start tracking.
one question: will this one work as stated? people following locators tech like @asterix will understand my question :-)
@david, agree that these coin batteries are cheap. just because gas is cheap doesn't mean we should stop finding ways to improve mileage. i don't plan to buy the tags and just not use it. i use it everyday.  this means ymmv. battery life does not depend only on refresh rate of the ble signal. it also depends on the usage of the particular person. it also depends on how many beeps are used. @creators, i agree 6 months is very realistic. can you let us know what's the life for realistic usage with say 1 to 2 beeps every day.
upped my order to a three pack. you guys basically have the btle tracking tag market cornered with these prices and range
@taylor, i am currently trying to decide what music i need to blast through the office when we actually hit the goal.  and suggestions?
@creator, super pumped for this. only $7,000 ltg.
@brian, the range is approximately 150ft.  there is a more detailed explanation in our faq as well.
would like to know what's the range on the xy
i want to pledge for a friend of mine as well.. how does one go about pledging twice for lets say the $100.00 reward. any help is appreciated.!
@david, great point.  also a note on the battery life, there are really only 2 factors at play here: 1. what's the capacity/form factor of the battery?  2. how often is the tag set to broadcast? #1- while there are coin batteries with higher capacity, we specifically selected the cr2032 for it's wide availability and low price -- in many cases cr2032 can be 10x cheaper than batteries with only 20-30% higher capacity. #2- there are other tags on the market with exorbitant battery life claims, but very often these claims are made using ridiculous broadcast settings (e.g. once a week) with few real world applications. the xy tags are configured to broadcast at a rate of nearly *2 times per second*.  this is the best configuration we discovered that balances responsive mobile geofencing & battery life -- which we estimate to be around 6 months.  the xy app is also specifically design to alert users prior to battery depletion, and will actually show you (via in app video) on how to open the tag and replace the battery. // begin soapbox we know the ble tracker space is getting crowded with no less than 12 makers all providing similar functionalities on nearly identical hardware.  as a small startup, the only way we can stand out is by delivering the best overall solution (to a specific customer problem -- how to keep track of your $#!t) with the best customer experience.  to that end, every product design decision were made with the best interest of you, our customers, in mind.  some of these decisions are obvious, like the design of our tags and our apps; others are less so, like the choice of battery and the broadcast interval.  however we are confident you'll *know* the difference once you use our product.  thank you for your support.
great project guys! and for anybody unduly concerned about battery life, even if it's only 6 months...here's ten years of battery life for $9. http://www.amazon.com/sony-lithium-cr2032-batteries-blisters/dp/b004at21r2/
will it work with windows phone, please?  (c# so should be easy to port?)
@goxub: yes, the xy tags will be bluetooth 4.1 compatible.
will it be bluetooth 4.1 (bluetooth smart) ready?
it can, it requires the @creators to help write a driver.
can xy works and interact with ninja sphere? :) thanks!!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
if i pledged for the finder's 3 pack, is there that i can choose the colors i want or do i have to get the ones assigned? also, what if i want 4 instead of 3? thank you
we are making a video of the (dev alpha) heat map feature, and plan to have that added in an update when it is ready to show.  keep in mind we will only ship features and products that meet our high standards of quality.
can i pledge $75 more to get another 7 tags, total 14 tags in $150 + $10(shipping)?
i still do not see the heat map or any clue where i can find my items in the latest updates?
the 7 colors are: fff, onyx, aquamarine, ruby, silver, jade, and amethyst
what are the 7 different colors available?
@creator, thank you! +1 to @asterix's suggestion
how about making the tags beep?
@asterix, the heat map borders is still in development which is why there is no photo of it, but we will post a demonstration as soon as we have one.  we have established that it is possible however using our debug ui.
@creators, great! please post a photo of the heat map. i did not see one on the video because it was shaky. i did see a word "warmer" is that what you are referring to?
@asterix, thank you for the question. the initial data that we receive tells us the distance (the signal strength in bars).  we also have an algorithm that uses the signal strength sample set, orientation of the phone, and some other heuristics to determine directional probability.  this will be displayed with a heat map at the edge of the screen to give the user an idea of the direction of the item. our goal is to help the user find the item as efficiently as possible.  between signal strength, directionality, most recent location on map, and especially our patent pending speak-to-owner feature, we feel that our app and device provides the best experience and highest probability of locating an item.
@creators , remembering the location and showing on the map is the first step. once you enter the radius of 150ft it's very important to point the direction to the item. you say you point the direction. can you please elaborate how? i see signal strength only in the form of bars?
@prakhar, we have added two new international options to make the tag more affordable to ship.  thank you for your feedback.
@kenneth, we are considering various stretch goals with the availability of a more expensive version with additional features as a high probability.  our goal is to provide the best solution, tags app, and customer service for our users.
@daren, xy remembers where the item was last seen and will show you on a map where you can find it, and after enough data is gathered during your search for the item, it will show you the direction of the item also.
i saw some backers mentioned below another kickstarter tracking device called pebblebee, and i was wondering how this tracker differentiate from that product? pebblebee seems to have sound alert, led light alert and wireless charging. maybe some of these features can be stretch goals for this project?
yes i also agree a compass will be great in locating the lost items. sound is not reliable as it has outside interference like cars honking etc.
agree with asterix. i would be really nice to have and arrow or something pointing you into the direction. instead of just guessing by the hot and cold bars.
great idea i will never lose my dog again!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@creators: the $10 international shipping for a single tag is making it too expensive, though it makes sense on higher quantities! would you consider lowering the price, maybe to the level of pebblebee ($4)?
just saw the first video which shows the finding routine. one thing i want to see is a way to point directionality. just showing the bars is not good. i want to see something like a compass showing north. also in the case where you near the finder but separated by a wall you need a way to go around it.
nice product, please compare what features available with and without cloud. thanks
@jose, sounds like you are looking for a solution to keep track of medication schedules?  unfortunately that's not something we can do yet -- as of now, xy is designed to keep track of *locations* of items and to help you find misplaced valuables.
is there a mode to use for virtual monitoring?it will be great if i can use it for medication monitoring on a pill box and monitor my mom medication schedule!could this be implemented??best wishes
@kenneth, on android (4.3+) you'll be alerted when you move out of range, regardless whether the app is currently running or not. on ios, if you explicitly terminate an app it can no longer receive bluetooth/region notifications in the background, so no alerting will happen in that situation.  however, if the app was killed by the os due to memory pressure, alerting will still occur.
regarding the keep-it mode, will the phone still alert me as i move out of range of the tag even when i have the app completely shut off? or does the app needs to be on/ active in the background? i have a habit to close all the apps.
@islam, yes you can!  the xy tags are designed to be shared, whether it's between multiple users or multiple devices belonging to the same user.
thanks for this great project.. can i set a tag on my devices, like 2 phones and a tablet. i might leave my wallet in the bedroom where i leave the tablet, so i would just inquire and if it's available in the range of my defined devices then i will not panic.. i mean like having my own network of sensors to track our stuff across the whole family's gadget? can we have such functionality? thanks again
windows phone is more relevant, since i have it in my pocket. but sure, a surface app too would be useful in some situations.
@medatom -- the honest answer is while the underlying bluetooth le technology do not require any cloud infrastructure, the xy system, with all of the above-stated functionalities does rely heavily on cloud-based servers to verify ownership and to facilitate communications between users (in the case of lost items). however, we heard you loud and clear -- we'll investigate how to enable extended offline access and get back to you here.
@roger -- that's a great idea.  we are discussing it internally.  would you have any interest in a surface app instead/as well?
@johnnyko - yes!  tags are designed to be "shared" between multiple users -- we designed xy with this specific use case in mind. you can simply attach the tag to the shared office key, and grant other people in the office permission to the keys using the xy app.
can one tag be linked to more than one phone? we're talking about getting some for office keys that get passed around.
please add a stretch goal for a windows phone app! this is a great gadget, like nokia treasure tag but cheaper, and without nfc pairing.
taylor great question and yes it is water resistant
is it water resistant?
other than making an item as 'lost item', could you please elaborate what the 'limited functionality' would be?
you will need to be online to authenticate your device against the tag, because of the type of encryption.  once authenticated, the tags will be able to work offline, though with limited functionality.
john thanks for doing your research and finding we have a great product and price.  we are working hard to make xy the best and affordable for everyone.  thanks for backing us and sharing with your friends and family how they can keep track of what matters most to them.
also can this work completely offline? i don't want my data to be stored in the cloud if choose not to. thanks
oh good, i was looking for something better priced than the pebblebee (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/192833321/pebblebee-the-most-versatile-ios-android-bluetooth).. this is much better.
do you need data connection to use this?
geez why 59 days. this project will hit 100k in 2 weeks...
i am updating the faq right now with information on this.  stay tuned to get these details.
how long does the battery last and how can i change the battery? also, when i search for the tag and it is in range of my phone, can the tag itself play sound, like the bringtag?
what is the battery life on this? can the battery even be changed? what kind of battery? don't see this vital info anywhere. also, what is the range? how water resistant and shockproof is the tag?
