@david...sorry to know the screws fell out and one of the nut didn't work. it is likely that the nut has some burr residue on the thread. if you see anything, it is best to use a pin to take it out. as for shipping out a few screws from here would be costly. i recommend to check out a local hardware store (e.g. home depot) and look for m4 size screw and cap nut. please let me know if this works for you.
i really like the skewerack its a great product, only problem is the screws. is it possible to order some replacement screws? one of the screw cap didn't work out of the box and i am missing 2 screws after the second bbq.
@ian......thanks for the feedback! very satisfying to know that your friend liked skewerack!! it is the support from all the ks backers that made this product a reality. can't be grateful enough to you all. yes, i do have spare ones....just ask them to visit www.konexcel.com if they wish to get a set. thanks :)
i actually bought this for a friend who bbqs all the time. he thinks it is a fantastic piece of kit and has made many of his friends envious when they have seen how well it works. if you have any spare ones i'm sure you will be hearing from them.
hi james....nice to hear from you, hope you are doing well......yes, they can buy on www.konexcel.com ...thanks!
do you have an online shop to buy more units? since the bbq season started friends and family are always asking where i purchased from and if they can order one....
@konexcel: thanks! i will go and let you know, as soon as anything is here. will there be a ups shipping number?
@danyel...i just emailed you. the postal service is working on it.
@benjamin...yes
any updates of your check with usps?? still haven't received my order
@koneccel, great! does that mean you ship me my skewerack? :)
@lanina......thanks for responding to the survey! we had sent several reminders. without the address we cannot fulfill the shipment. now that we have your address, we will process your shipment promptly.
@benjamin.....as you know the delay was not from our end with your shipment. nevertheless, we will take care of it.
hello, i still haven't received my units.  i'm in lakeland, fl.  any way i can get an update?
hey guys, still didn't receive mine and bbq season is on! :) can you please send it to my germany adress or tell me, where mine is so far? cheers ben
@amber....great :)....please post your kabob pictures on www.facebook.com/skewerack happy kabobbing!!
i can't wait to try mine out this weekend!! :)
@hubert....your reward was sent out on dec 6. i had emailed you the tracking number. please confirm. thanks.
@danyel...your reward was sent out on jan 31. i had emailed you the tracking number. please confirm. thanks.
am i the only  one still waiting on the extra skewers?
still hadn't received mine. usps shows it's still on its way to me. but how that can take so much time?
i still haven't received my skewerack yet. i realise i'm in australia but i still expected to have received it by now. can you please advise if it has been shipped yet?
i received mine today and assembled it. good solid construction and should stand up to a lot of wear. looking forward to trying it out although it will be a while yet as here in the pyrenees it is definitely too cold to be playing with a bbq outside.
i received mine today. i haven't used it yet but i've assembled it and it looks well made. no disrespect intended to the creator, i feel that it was too expensive. i got in at the super early bird level ($36) + shipping to uk ($20) + an extra set of skewers ($15) + shipping for that ($7) + customs and handling charges (£15.21). in sterling that all adds up to £66.48. if i saw it in a shop i don't think i would consider paying more than about £15 for it. however i'm looking forward to getting my money's worth out of it as soon as barbecue season starts.
:(
@sean...all the shipments will be on their way by february 8th. each one of them will be shipped.
do you have an estimate for when all of the shipments will be sent?
as a matter of fact, with the new design we resolved some of the flaws with the older design such as - cylindrical tabs on rack would pop out, wider skewers (from 5 mm to 7 mm), skewers would not clean properly around the disc, heavy rack, etc.
regarding the straight cuts on the skewers, could you please send me a few pictures on konexcel@gmail.com? i will able to address it properly.
regarding skewers rusting in dishwasher, please see the second question on this link http://www.marthastewart.com/268551/ask-martha-march-2007 . i can assure you that the product is made from stainless steel material.
@ markus...i am sorry to know your unpleasant experience with the product. as far as the thinner material goes, yes the thickness was changed slightly because the previous rack was too heavy. however to compensate for the strength, features such as ribs on the front and back rack panels and the bent handle on side rack panels were added. this was conveyed in one of the updates.
hello i have gotten my shipment and i am really disappointed. thinner material as on the picture, no straight cuts at the skewers, and after 1 wash in the dishwasher it shows rost at the skewers! no stainless steel! looks looks like poor indian or bangladesh production. but even they can produce better. i have no words. i do not know if i will support any kickstarter project anymore.
hi all..... i apologize for the delay in shipping the units out to some of you. i have been shipping in small batches. i will write an update soon.  i can't thank you all enough for the support in getting the company started and as well as the patience with the slow process in shipping out the units. thanks a ton!!
good company relations are based on frequent, up front and forthright communications. we, as the backers that are helping your company get its start, deserve to know withou asking where this project stands. can we be communicated to please? it been way too long...
just got mine. in australia.
so a month and a half ago, you said it would take two weeks to get the corners rounded off at a shop.  that gives a full month for shipping.  do you have tracking numbers, or should we just hope that we eventually see this thing?
are you shipping by the order we backed? i am number 82 and trying to get an idea when mine will ship
all.....i am sending out the units in small batches as i am getting from the machine shop. watch out for the tracking numbers i will be emailing you :) thanks for your enormous patience you all....you all are awesome.
@mukul.....thanks! let me know how the shish kabobing go :)
@james s....glad you liked it!! you can still use in the indoor oven as shown in the product video....it works just as good.
got mine few weeks ago. finally put together, very easy to assemble. looking forward to some grilling soon as weather in texas is still sunny 70s. good stuff parag. cheers
picked it up just now and assembled in 2 minutes. looks and works great! can't wait for some warmer weather to get the bbq out.
mine arrived at my door in the uk! unfortunately i wasn't in to sign for it so i'm going to pick it up tomorrow morning from the post office. can't wait to open and assemble it.
i have not received a tracking number yet... :(
charles & poon....due to the heavy christmas shipping season, i suspect the shipments are getting delayed and possibly untraceable. so, i will be sending out the overseas shipments after dec 25th. lot of you will start receiving the tracking number then. sorry for the delay.
mine landed in the uk last week (travelling 3,700 miles in under 6 days) yet i am just 57 miles away from where the package is and a further 6 days have passed. i hate the uk postal service. not sure if it royal mail or parcel force but they are both as bad as one another. hopefully i receive it in the next few days :)
still waiting, where is mine?
any update parag?
@stephen...here is the link for assembly instruction: http://konexcel.com/products/skewerack-assembly-instructions.html unfortunately i cannot change the link in the update.
@ hi all.....not all shipments will go out before christmas. the reason being that shop making the rounded corners on rack panels are not able to turn around the components as quickly as i thought. but i am shipping them out as i am getting in small batches. i apologize for the delay.
i hope mine comes soon. i was hoping to have a surprise thanksgiving... now christmas, hopefully ... =d
i haven't received my order yet but i clicked on the link provided to look at the assembly instructions.  the link did not work.  please check/update it as i'd like to assemble and give as a gift upon arrival.
are you confident that all shipments will go out in enough time to make it for christmas?
@t m watson....only about 10% of the orders have been shipped so far. i had some issues with the components that i have mentioned through the last update to all the backers. i am shipping the units as i am getting them from the shop. i will ship yours soon.  this program started last summer. thanks.
have all backer orders been shipped? i haven't received tracking info or, package. what gives? i can't even remember when this program started. maybe 2 summers ago?
hi all....thanks for the feedback!! :) ....i hope to hear more from you as you use it. hope you love it. i am sending each week in batches as i am getting them from the machine shop.
just got ours... running the skewers through the dishwasher right now... kabobs for dinner!!
got mine in california. pretty easy to put together and looks good. looking forward to try it out. good job
just arrived today. i put it together in 15 minutes. one tool is included, you also need a phillips screwdriver. easy to put together. i flipped all the skewers over a couple of times to get them lined up and now they flip over very easily and all in sync, just like in your campaign video. thank you for a great ks project and for all the communication!  well done sir! :-)
@kai extremely jealous. what is it like?
mine arrived today, thanks!
hi there!! i just moved and the address i put on my survey is no longer valid, how can we deal with this?
@kai...thanks....i am sending out as i am getting from the shop. i don't have even 10% of them yet. :( ....but i am making steady progress.
just received an email with the tracking number for mine. that was a pretty quick turnaround for getting the edges rounded - nice!
@nick...i will work on your shipment and will send you the tracking number. thanks
@michael....i can hand it over to you :)  i actually also emailed you a couple of times. let me know once you decide how you want to go about it thanks.
i'll take the sharp edges.
i'll take the sharp edges and grind them myself if i think they need them. as i mentioned before i live in houston and can possibly pick it up. i work near the galleria and live in sugarland. i didn't see a way to private message you. i'm headed to south padre on saturday and would like to take it with me if that is possible. how can we make contact? thanks.
looking forward to the update.  i hope it is good news!
@kai, james....yes, i was able to pick up the shipment. i will provide a detailed update soon. thanks.
the warehouse must be up and running by now.....have you picked up/the packages been delivered to you yet?
thanks for the update. once the facility is back up and running, how long do you estimate it will take to package and ship?
thanks for the update! :)
@benjamin...no that package is not from me. you will receive the skewerack from the us.
@deepak...sorry for the delayed reply. i just posted an update on the shipment. little delay due to tornado hitting the warehouse facility.
there is a package from china at custome for me - is this the rack?
any updates?
any updates on the product delivery dates?
i have moved recently and wanted to update the new address. could you please let me know how would i make sure that new address gets updated?
@michael....we can certainly arrange that. i will inform you once i receive the units are ready to be picked up :)
i live in houston. i can stop by and pick mine up.
@doug....i posted a comment on my last update. currently, the import paper work is taking some time. to be on a safer side, i don't want to over promise as before, so sometime in october i believe i will be delivering the product to you all.
when will you be delivering?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@ian, kai, and deepak....i just posted an update to address your concerns. thanks.
estimated shipping date? or at-least packaging start dates?
thanks for the update, and keep up the good work. a quality product is worth waiting for, and your updates/communication will maintain backers' confidence. based on the manufacturer's current pace, and if nothing else were to cause further delay, do you have an updated estimated shipping date to backers?
it certainly look as if this will not be produced and dispatched in time to use this year. by the time next year comes i'll probably have forgotten where i put it.
@ james....yes i do remember. i have been following up with the manufacturer almost everyday....i really underestimated the activities that cause the delays....the latest information from the manufacturer is that 75% of manufacturing is complete....the shipment will be on its way to the us. i will keep you posted.  i apologize for the inconvenience the delay is causing. i am so eager to ship this to you all.
we are now less than two weeks away from the new date you set for delivery.....are you still on target as would love to be able to use it this year.
@sm haque.....i apologize for the inconvenience this delay has caused. i wish i had not run into the issues that i did. i really appreciate your patience and support.
i pledged it to get and use this year. it seems that i have to plan it for next year use. :-(
that's fine, thanks for the update.
deepak....i am trying really hard to get this by the end of august. i apologize for the delay, but i am doing everything to get this expedited. thanks.
when can we expect this to be delivered? not to push but just wanted to get an idea, and plan accordingly for an upcoming outgoing weekend.
@deepak...yes the manufacturing of the parts have began. the manufacturer had issues with procuring material for one of the sections. but it should be taken care off. i will keep you all posted. thanks
any updates?
thank you for the update.
@david, thanks for checking. i assure you that we are working extremely hard to get this product delivered to all of you as early as possible. i just put out an update on the manufacturing issue we faced that are now resolved. thanks.
please put out an update to reassure us that you are still there.
hi daniel,  yes the funds were processed and the manufacturing of the units is going on. i will put out an update soon.
any update on the manufacturing? i hope the funds are processed and the order made.
same here. would like to add on extra skewers and get in the same shipment as original order. is that possible?
if possible i would like to avoid another shipping, and include in the original pledge package
any news on when will be the website ready, so that we can order extra skewers who missed to add on here.
can we order extra skewers ?
i pledged for an extra set of skewers that was not included in your email. i just want to make sure that they will indeed be included? :)
i just got your email regarding the pledge and mailing address. i pledged for an extra set of skewers that was not included in your email. please update your records. thank you.  1complete set and an extra skewer set.
@kara....we individually sent out acknowledgement emails about the pledges. please let us know if you were expecting any particular email from us or kickstarter. thanks for reaching out. konexcel
hello - i have checked both my inbox and spam folder and i'm not seeing any emails from you guys or kickstarter. is anyone else have an issue receiving the email?
@byron...thanks!
@creator congratulations!
@mary you are absolutely correct, $15 for an extra set of skewers. confirmed! thanks for your support!
@robert....your pledge for 2 sets of skewers is confirmed! thanks!
i just added $15 to my pledge for a second set of skewers. i hope this is correct. please reply before your campaign is over if it's not correct. thank you.
how much $to add 6 (another set) of the skewers? thank you. congrats on your success!
added $28 to my pledge for 2 additional skewers sets!
@ watson, jinsub, sami, inyoendo, and james.....your pledges for the extra set of skewers are confirmed. thanks for the support!
added $22 to my pledge for one extra set of skewers
added $22 to pledge for 1 extra skewer set plus int. shipping.
added $28 for 2 additional skewers sets.
added $15 to my pledge for extra ~ :)
i just added $15 to my pledge, for an extra set of skewers!
@david.....your pledge for 1 extra set of skewers is confirmed. thanks!
i just added $15 to my pledge, for an extra set of skewers.  thanks for the suggestion.
@kai ....your pledge for 2 extra sets of skewers is confirmed. thanks!
added $28 for 2 additional skewer sets!
@mark, julio, jani, amber, and drake.....your pledges for extra sets of skewers is confirmed. thanks for your support! :)
added $28 for 2 additional sets of skewers.
i am def interested in another set of skewers. added $15 to my pledge. thanks! :)
hi! just added two sets of skewers to my pledge of two skeweracks! what a great idea! can't wait!
one set of extra skewers
added 2 sets of skewers--thanks.
@alden.....your pledge for 2 additional sets of skewers is confirmed. thanks!
added $28 for two additional sets of skewers. thanks!
@jaekyoung......your pledge for additional set of skewers is confirmed. thanks!
i'd like to get an additional set of skewer. thanks.
@douglas...update#9 is about adding extra set of skewers to your existing pledge for skewerack (rack and 6 skewers). it doesn't include equivalent racks. if you want extra racks, then you may want to change the rewards selection to higher sets of skeweracks. i guess you have already done so.
hello, regarding the extra pledge notes in update #9, does that include only skewers or does that also include the equivalent amount of racks too?
hello, regarding the extra pledge notes in update #9, does that include only skewers or does that also include the equivalent amount of racks too?
@thomas....you just need to add the corresponding amount for extra 2 sets of skewers to your current pledge without changing the type of reward selection. let me know if you have any questions. thanks!
@terry, your pledge for 2 extra sets of skewers is confirmed. thanks!
i would like 2 extra sets of skewers added to my pledge. thanks
i would like to add 2 extra set of skewers to my pledge. terry kueber
@margaret, your pledge for 2 extra sets of skewers is confirmed. thanks!
i changed my pledge to 2 racks and also added $28 to that pledge for 2 extra sets of skewers.
@juli, your pledge for 3 extra sets of skewers is confirmed. thanks!
increased by 3 sets, for a total of 5 sets please.
@maxedaddy the 'tab + skewer' width is larger than the hole diameter in the rack. also, since the tab is placed on the opposite side lateral turner strip on skewer, it is always engaged with the rack and avoids the skewer from slipping out of the rack.  also, the tab serves as a barrier between the food and rack. so, the food does not come in contact with the rack. also, even if the food comes in contact with the rack, it does not stick to it and will not make it harder to turn the skewers. see update 2 for pictures. i will post more pictures demonstrating this. please let me know if i satisfactorily answered your questions.
@eric, your pledge for an additional set of skewers is confirmed.  thanks!
@ creator, can you do a demonstration of how the new skewers will operate. you did that with the old ones, i just want to see if this new design holds up as well, when you do tip it over sideways the way you do with the old ones and they don't fall out. i am wondering if because you have removed the washer at the end, that now you can't tip them over because they might fall out. also the washer kind of served as a damn to keep the food from meats from traversing all the way and rubbing against the rack but now all the food will just rub up against the rack when sliding in the skewers. its a small peeve. i hadn't noticed or read that you changed up the design from the one you had on display. anyways, i still want the rack and the 6 skewers. i really liked the design of the original ones though.
increased pledge by $15 for 6 extra skewers.
@mark...this is a confirmation of your 12 extra skewers. can't wait to hear back from you all about your experience with this.
increased to 12 skewers. i can't wait to try this out!
@alex, your pledge for 12 additional skewers (2 sets) is confirmed. thanks for supporting this project!
hi, i've increased my pledge to get additional (12) skewers. thanks, alex
@mo,  your pledge for an additional set of skewers is confirmed. thanks mate :)
i've pledged for an additional set plus international shipping. thanks.
@gary, your pledge for an additional set of skewers is confirmed. thanks for backing this project :)
i added $15 for an additional set of skewers.
@smharris, your pledge for 2 additional sets of skewers is confirmed. thanks for supporting this project :)
@susan, your pledge for an additional set of skewers is confirmed. thanks for backing this project :)
i added $28 for two extra sets of skewers. thanks.
hello, just added $15 to my original pledge for an extra set of skewers. looking forward to lots of great grilling!
@daniel.....your pledge for additional set of skewers is confirmed. thanks from usa. it is exciting to see the skewerack owners will be spread across the globe!! :)
@ritchie....thanks for your pledge....sent you a private message about the international shipping. thanks again...cheers!!
@gary & jon.....your pledges for extra set of skewers are confirmed. thanks again :) make grilling safe & easy!!
@royland....sent you an private message explaining how to pledge for the additional set of skewers on top of your current pledge.
hi, i added $22 to my pledge for one extra set of skewers.  all the best from finland
added $15 for another skewer set. i'm in england so can probably only any exact set in before it rains.
hi, i added $22 to my pledge for one extra set of skewers. thanks.
hi!  i increased my pledge from $69 to $97.  so please add the 12 extra skewers to my deal. thanks, glmaedl@virstar.com
hi can't add 3 set of skewers.  please add them on my pledge pls?
@j cross, thanks for the kind words :) your pledge for extra 3 skewer sets is confirmed.
awesome to see this doing so well!  i upgraded from 2 sets to 3, and also added 3 extra sets of skewers.  :-)  can't wait to have this in hand!
@pierre.....your pledge for 1 extra skewer sets is confirmed!! you will receive one extra skewer set in the box. :)
@kimberly.....your pledge for 3 extra skewer sets is confirmed!! you will receive one extra skewer set in each of your 3 boxes.
i added 22$ to my pledge to receive one more skewerack :-)
extra pledge of $39 for 3 sets!!! :)
@transtibial.....your pledge for 3 extra skewer sets is confirmed!
@kenny...thanks for your pledge. we confirm your 2 extra skewer sets. cheers!
@transtibial....just add $39 to your current pledge without changing the reward type.  once done, i will make a note of it.  thanks for your pledge. enjoy safe grilling!
extra pledge of 28 for 2 extra sets of skewers.
3 set!
@elisabeth....your pledge for extra 2 sets of skewers confirmed! enjoy safe cooking!
extra pledge $28 added for 2 sets of skewers
@martin steed: your additional pledge for 3 extra sets of skewers is confirmed. you will receive total of 18 extra skewers along with your original skewerack sets order. thanks!
@josh ballard: your additional pledge for 2 extra sets of skewers is confirmed. you will receive total of 12 extra skewers along with your original skewerack set. thanks!
@jaekyoung lee: the rack size is 338 mm x 258 mm skewer overall length is 340 mm. let me know if you have any other questions. cheers!
extra $48 pledged for 3 more sets - $39 + $9 shipping - excellent bonus =) bbq season is upon us, so looking forward very much to giving these a go!
extra pledge done! $35 added! can you confirm you have received please! keep up the good work!
uh, could you post the size, also in metric system? i'm not familiar with imperial, some other people wouldn't, too.
@maxedaddy...sorry to know that. i had similar experiences myself a few times and therefore i came up with skewerack to minimize the burning problem if not completely eliminate it. few of friends also said it is definitely safer than the conventional skewers. i would like to know your experience with skewerack once you use it.
man i just burned my finger yesterday cooking kababs! this thing looks awesome!!!
@spinnari....thank you. i wish the economics worked to make this product in the usa. but, my next product that i am working on right now, will be made at right here.
@chris....glad you found this as well. these skewers are pretty sturdy. thanks for your pledge.
over 250 backers ! great job parag. happy to support grilling products made in the usa.
glad i found this. can't wait to start using this product. we love cooking kabobs and are tired of having the skewers break all the time!
thanks all for responding to my query. although, i would have loved to deliver it by father's day, as pointed out by bryon and jay, it would be extremely risky and challenging to do so. i checked with my manufacturer, however, there are other things that also need to fall in place such as packaging, graphic, etc. that would take some more time than i thought. also, the i would like to make sure the first few production parts meet quality specs before the full blown production starts. these iterations may take all of the time available. thanks again.
+1 for father's day
it would be nice for father's day but i wouldn't rush it to match the date though. it won't give much time for improvements
i would love to be able to get this for my father, would consider getting another for my father in law as well!
i'm in for getting it earlier
all for getting it early, however this is a lot of risk that you have to take on as the creator in order to produce before funds clear. so no pressure from me
hi all, need your thoughts on this: we received a few mails expressing that skewerack would be a great father's day gift. so, we are exploring the possibility of delivering skewerack by father's day, which is on june 12, for those who are planning to gift it to their father and/or father figures. admittedly this is extremely challenging as the funds won’t be delivered until the end of this campaign and the manufacturing seems difficult to start until then. also, june 12th is less than two months from now and a month ahead of the current schedule for delivery. considering all this, i am still interested in knowing how many people would be interest in gifting skewerack on father’s day. if enough people are positive then we will try our best to work out a deal with the manufacturer for early beginning of the process (although cannot promise). please comment your thoughts. thanks!
@mandykat....thanks! :) delighted to meet the first goal.....now its my turn to delight you all through exceptional product quality and service.
awesome idea and can't wait to start using mine! congrats on meeting the funding goal!
@inyoendo.....thanks.....the credit goes to all the backers!!!
good work getting funded already!
@anshuman, thanks buddy! all, so far we are making good progress in getting your skewerack sets on time. will keep you all posted.
great stuff creator. inspiring product to really move on from the traditional way of grilling. can't wait to show-off to friends and neighbours.
thanks all for the comments.....can't wait to get these manufactured and ship them to you!!
one of a kind item. there's going to be a lot envious grill chef when they see me with this one in the summer. i can't wait.
great concept, love the simplicity and attention to design. looking forward to see how it does in the market.
cool stuff! really looking forward to some bbq this season ;)
i like the simple and elegant new design of the skewer and the rack. keep up the good work! i have pinned this on my twitter and facebook page.
thanks for your comments!! i will strive to make your experience working with me awesome and deliver a high quality product on time. please help share this campaign with your contacts. thanks!
simple but smart idea!! flipping all six skewers in just 2 seconds!! now that's what i call a great product.
i have been using the wooden skewers for years, and the turning them was heck of a lot difficult. putting them directly on grill would stick as well. but this product will make it effortless and very safe. great job!!
hi mary,  i appreciate the feedback. yes, not only the new design would be easy to clean but it will also take minimal storage space in the kitchen drawers (just as tall as the stack of dinner knifes).  regarding loading, it may seem at first that loading would easier with the loop handle, but the 'l' shape of the flat handle gives pretty good grip as well. one just needs to adjust the grip a little. i believe the advantages offered by the new design outweighs the advantages offered by the old one. it is pretty sleek design. let me know if you agree.
i think the new design is easier to clean - but i liked the looks of the handle part --- compromise with tab and original handle?  the original loop handle will make them easier to control while "loading.
hey zev, the entire set will be made of food grade stainless steel as approved by fda.
what material will the final units be made of?
hey everybody, i posted an update this morning. please take a look at the video on how to take the skewers off of the rack. thanks, parag
cool. keep up the good work!
@bernhard...thanks for your support!! 1. it is not difficult at all as there is enough opening on rack slots for the skewers to be pulled out. i will definitely post a video showing this soon. you are right, the rack may not be used in almost vertical position, however, the reason to secure the skewers on the rack was to avoid the food loaded (or with food) skewers to accidentally falling off of the rack if it is slightly inclined while they are being moved for example between the kitchen and the grill. it has happened to me while using those racks on which the skewers are loosely placed on just the top notches. believe me it is not a pleasant experience after all your hard work to see it spilled on floor :). 2. i am already in touch with a manufacturer and trying to see if he can start working on this without full advance payment. he needs assurance that he will get paid in full, which i understand as i am a new customer for him. that being said, i am confident that i should be able to ship the product to you while in the bbq season. in the meantime, we have thought of some design improvements to the rack that i will be sharing in my next update soon.
hi. very cool idea. sow it and backed your project instantly.  i have 2 questions: 1. how difficult is it to get the skewers out of the rack? can you provide a video? i think this could be a bit difficult task because the space to pull the skewers upwards is limited. i understand that you have designed it the way that the skewers don't fall off when the rack is in vertical position - but i cannot come up with a scenario when i would hold/place the rack in vertical position... 2. how much space have you left for unforeseen delay's in the production? is there a chance of placing an order at you manufacturer before the campaign ends? i am asking this questions only because i want to make sure that i get it while in the barbecue season.
hey awesome backers!! greatly appreciate your support to this campaign. last few weeks has been crazy getting everything ready for this campaign and looks like it will payoff in the end. well i hope it does, so that you all can get your awesome skewerack. my goal is to get you all your skeweracks on time, so that you can enjoy it all summer on outdoor grills before you have to switch to indoor ovens during winter. for me the next task for few days is to lock down the packaging design. i will keep you guys posted. please feel free to let me know if you have any questions. again thanks for the great start to this campaign. regards, parag
