@blake and @ted - please contact support *at* structure *dot* io. all of our kickstarter units were fulfilled over a year ago.
i haven't received my product.  please let me know what's going on?
since 2556 why didn't i get the shipment yet?????
richard - the isense is based on the structure sensor, and we manufacture it for 3d systems. thanks!
anyone seen this? seems to be identical http://cubify.com/products/isense/
gent's i've missed your emails, since my dyndns farmed out my email forwarding service to duocircle. could you please get in touch so that we can get the unit sent? bill(dot)gertz(at)gmail(dot)com so sorry to have missed you e-mails. kind regards, bill
@johnmw - we've reached out to you by email with additional information on completing your order. please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help!
where's mine?
hello mike, please contact our customer support at structure *at* occipital *dot* com for assistance.
i haven't received mine either... no updates no notice... what is up with that???
@toshio - we shipped all rewards a few months ago. please contact our customer support at structure *at* occipital *dot* com for assistance.
@fuad - we'll have an update soon. in the meantime, you can visit http://structure.io/new-ipad-air-2 for more info!
hi creator, have you shipped the structure sensor to backers? but i've not gotten yet. could you check my shipment? thanks!
any estimate date for ipad air 2 bracket?
hi peter, if you haven't done so already, you can retrieve your skanect pro license at our pledge confirmation website. you can access that at https://store.structure.io/backers/login/ thanks!
@creators have you guys sent the license for skanect pro to backers who contributed $329 and above? i don't remember receiving mine. thanks!
@william: the included (free) apps are really just "samples" to demonstrate the capabilities of the sensor, which is our actual "product." i recommend using 3rd party commercial software, like skanect or itseez3d, for higher quality results.
ok, have the istore apps, but they don't let me save scans as files. also, the apps seem to be much less functional than the campaign led me to believe it would be. how can i get an accurate scan and save it in a format i can push to a 3d printer or into a modeling program?
because i no longer need to use the structure sensor, i'm offering my structure sensor for sale, the device is hardly used so it's in mint condition (including ipad air bracket). i'm based in the netherlands. if you're interested, please leave me a message at gijs *at* studiogijs *dot* nl thanks
thank you brian!
apologies 'several objects..." i uploaded the stl files and pictures here: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:512086
hi antonis, i have printed several object that i scanned with the structure -- i'll post links later today. the meshes all needed considerable tlc to slice properly. the objects that translate best in my opinion are medium sized stuffed animals -- no sharp edges. trying to scan and print things with a lot of shape detail doesn't work very well -- resolution is ~4-6 mm, so a lot of detail is not picked up. i was hoping to be able to capture things like broken brackets and handles so i didn't have to draw them up to print replacements, but the resolution is not fine enough to do this.
hello to everybody! has anybody 3d printed an object that was scanned with the structure sensor?
thanks
@fuad: we are currently designing a bracket for the ipad air 2. the existing bracket (for the ipad air) is *not* compatible. the sensor itself is compatible but, without a precision mounting bracket, the sensor cannot be calibrated. without calibration, color/texture cannot be synchronized with the mesh.
hi will the structure sensor support the ipad air 2.
loving the structure! question: is it technically possible to support iphone 6 and/or 6 plus with the full ipad feature set? if so, please make this happen!
what units does the 'scanner' app use? i scanned some things, and they files come without units, and they are clearly not inches or mm. are they in feet?!
@ozan - we haven't heard of that error before! can you contact us at our customer support email (structure *at* occipital *dot* com) so we can see what the issue is? thanks!
@gabriel - no, that is not normal. nearly all kickstarter backers have received their pledges. please send us an email at structure *at* occipital *dot* com so we can help you out. thanks!
@otsdesign - thanks for your feedback. the occipital team put in quite a bit of time and effort to deliver a room capture sample app that goes above and beyond what was described during the structure sensor's campaign: "room capture: easily capture a 3d model of a room by simply spinning around with your structure sensor and ipad. then, tap any two points to retrieve distances." of course, the best feature of the room capture app is that it is available as sample code in the structure sdk. if you have ios development skills, you should be able to easily create your own version that includes some or all of the features you'd like to see. thanks!
i'm so excited to hear about the room capture but unfortunately i were not able to install the app. i can find the app and try to install it but it doesn't work. do you have any idea what might be the cause and solution?
hello, i am still waiting for the delivery. is it normal?
@occipital. can we get an update on the real apps that were demoed to the backers? the "sample" room app is cute, but so far not what i expected nor what was demoed during kickstarter campaign. with the sample app you can only stand in the middle of your  the room and create a rough 3d model. campaign demo image shows measurements in feet. campaign demo video also portrayed a sharp edged room model, useful in cad programs. where is the app that can scan a furniture sized object (also demoed in campaign)? sample room app measuring is only in metric? not useful for me. i need imperial measurements fast in my work. please advise if occiptal will deliver an app that was promoted for backers. anyone out there developing apps for cad or sketchup would be greatly appreciated. thanks in advance.
@christos - if you have a hacker cable, you can charge your structure sensor via usb. otherwise, contact customer support at structure *at* occipital *dot* com as you can now order a replacement ac adapter.
oh no... as i haven't used the structure sensor for about 2 months waiting for the room capture, which was the intended use, i am missing the charger... and it's out of battery... any ideas? specs regarding volts and ma along with the connector type in order to try and find a suitable charger..? incredible... rooms capture is finally here and i've thrown away the charger...
@mike, paypal and amazon is one of your easiest way to ship internationally. i've backed 100 projects here and received over half of them, from all over the world. some people pack them in their home with the help of friends and some have a big office and warehouse, and some are fulfilled by shipping company (in volume). i think if you have the demand it is worth the efforts.as darren said kickstarter is one of your good options. but at any rate please make it available internationally as i want one (or have to make one myself!). the latest room capture is great. however, a fit-to-view button is missing from the scan page as when you lose the model it's hard to position it back in the view. also...  perhaps some day we can scan moving objects with tools like structure sensor: http://grail.cs.washington.edu/projects/totalmoving/
@mike, how about if you put in on kickstarter. perhaps it will help to generate the volume to get volume pricing from the shippers. also more international backers will get wind of this innovation to drive up interests.
@chris - it looks like you never completed your information on our pledge confirmation site. please contact our customer support team at structure *at* occipital *dot* com so we can help you get your structure sensor. thanks!
@otsdesign - you should download the room capture sample app and make the conversion to inches / feet!  it would be a fun way to get your "feet" wet with the sdk. mike - thanks!  awesome early scans with room capture.
hi this mike (4eyes).  i am looking forward to working with the latest sdk and 4eyes (thank you occipital!).  i especially find the room capture app appealing since it maps actual textures onto the mesh.  currently i am able to use 4eyes to capture detailed textures and overlay them the very basic mesh captured in this app.  result similar to itseez3d without having to send it to through the cloud for processing. next batch of 4eyes lens system going out tuesday of next week and still looking at how i am going to ship these internationally.  if anyone has any ideas how to inexpensively, reliably and expediently and collect payment without being gouge by paypal, please email me at info@slo3dcreators.com thanks, mike
sample room capture app is fun. slow and wonky around furniture, especially ones with voids. the suggestion to "throw away your tape measure" is not valid for me in usa. the app only shows metric. need a "units" preference fix asap.
just out of curiosity, how can i check if my sensor has been delivered as i have not received mine?
@jeff - sorry for the delay, as our customer support is not open over the weekend. it looks like we're taking care of you now. if you need anything else, please let us know. thanks!
i sent an email, but have not heard back from anyone.  i sure would appreciate someone to contact me.  thanks
i sent an email, but have not heard back from anyone.  i sure would appreciate someone to contact me.  thanks
@jeff - please send a message to structure *at* occipital *dot* com so we can help you troubleshoot. thanks!
help. my sensor will no longer charge.  i plugged it in for several hours twice over the past two days and the amber light will not go out.  also, it will not charge off the ipad. finally, many times it says to connect the sensor even though it is connected.  who can i talk to to get this resolved.
thanks, @amir - and we'll have more good news soon!
very good update and your hard work is paying off!
hey gang! any word on whether or not we'd be able to use the structure sensor with an iphone 6 plus? would love to have just one device.
@darren and @robert - thanks for your comments! we'll be continuing to communicate via kickstarter backer updates and here on this wall. of course, we're also communicating daily with backers in the forums, so we'll be accessible in either venue you choose.
@creator, while i frequently read other projects stopping monitoring their kickstarter comments and moving to an external support forum, i disagree with this practise and many potential kickstarters would surf the projects history to get a feel on the activities and support of the creators, and whether to buy their products or to support their other projects. looking forward to the color scanning! :)
hello, are they any updates on the color scanning app / color uplink to skanect? its been nearly 2 months since your last formal update. are there beta versions of these that we can be linked to download prior to the app store release?
thanks for the update. but itseez3d can do color scanning...so they manage to do this already...? waiting eagerly for your updates, the scanning mechanism of your demo app is much more flexible than itseez3d, just need the color support badly.
hi guys!  we know you’re eager to tap into more of the capabilities of your structure sensor - particularly with color support in the scanner sdk sample & skanect.  we also know many of you are looking forward to the room capture sdk sample as well.  it turns out that both color scanning and room capture require precise alignment between the structure sensor and the ipad camera.  to make this happen, we’re on the cusp of releasing a brand new app that lets you very easily calibrate this alignment between 3d depth and color.  we’ll be giving a preview of the new app on the structure sensor & sdk forums, and we’ll update the software status dashboard as well: http://structure.io/software-dashboard.  we’ll also keep you guys posted via backer updates as new things come available. thanks for your support, the structure sensor community is awesome!
@ creator as many people have asked, when are we going to see an update to the color scanning for uplink and on device scanning?
does not work with the structure sensor. app works with isense only. :-( its sad that not the real backers have the opportunity to scan in color, but the isense users does, even without backing and supporting the original sensor.
i've been getting pretty good results so far.  there's a little bit of lag, but the scans still look good.  an iphone 5s would probably work even better since it has the newer, faster, snazzier processor.
@marie-andree, @eric and @stefan - check out backer update number 18. the isense app is compatible with the structure sensor, but must be purchased for use with the structure sensor. thanks!
to jason moore;  i received my structure sensor about a week ago.  i thought i needed an ipad air or mini, or ????   are you able to use the ss on an iphone 5?  and getting good results?  if so, that's awesome.  it could save someone hundreds of $$$.  thanks for your reply!
@stefan go to the app store and search isense!
i've saw that the isense are in stock now and ready to buy. wondering which software is included?! i don't think that 3dsystems will sell the isense with a beta software or without scanning in color!
i received my sensor earlier this week and am pretty dang impressed so far.  however, i'm using it on an iphone 5 with otterbox case and have been rubber-banding the sensor on ghetto-style for the past few days, so this morning i made a bracket. if anybody else in the same predicament is interested in printing one, here is the link: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:431093
wow @maire thats unfortunate but given my impression of 3d systems penchant for proprietary things not wholly unsurprising.
posted too fast. isense is only for the 3d systems version of the structure sensor. at least occipital should have negociated cross version compatibility!
isense by 3d systems is a new ios app using the structure sensor.
@creator, any planned timeline for adding color data to the scanner app? the scanner app works very well and color data is really needed.
laird, 7.5v 1.5a. negative outside as usual.
bit too soon on that comment about no duty or tax. just received an invoice for £55.
@laird you can recharge the sensor using the hacker (usb) cable as well.
does anyone know the specs for the power supply? my scanner is working great, but my wife managed to lose the power supply so i can't recharge it. i have tons of power supplies, but i'd need to match the voltage and polarity, and i don't want to plug in random power supplies and potentially kill the scanner.
i was just coming to check if there was any new app news as well.
no new apps that use structure sensor? would like to have a good app that can efficiently scan a room.
i have mine in canada, it cost an extra $55 to get it, but i am now a proud owner. tried it, seems good!!
is there an estimated release date for the room capture..?
whoo hoo. arrived now in uk. also no duty or taxes. let's get scanning.
"both no extra taxes or additional fees. (netherlands)." well, always nice to be us neighbords in a free trade market. had to pay around 75$ in taxes and brokerage fees for a simple kit with usb cable.
just recieved mine! i was an early bird complete. a friend of mine got it six weeks a go. was a bit frustrating as he was a regular complete kit. maybe bacause of the ipad 4 bracket. i ordered the air version. both no extra taxes or additional fees. (netherlands). can't wait to start scanning!
i just spend a few days at leakycon scanning people with the structure scanner and itseez3d, and i wanted to share the results. which were amazing - i am very happy! it worked great, and being able to scan people walking freely around was a delight. and people were generally psyched to be scanned. the scans are at https://sketchfab.com/laird/models . - the 'head' scanning works amazingly well. you have to learn to move smoothly to avoid losing scan alignment, but then it goes very quickly. i could scan people in well under a minute, wandering the convention, which was _much _ better than having a fixed scanning station. - uploading to sketchfab is very easy and reliable. - interestingly, it worked if people turned around, or if i walked around them. some 'issues' that i'd like to see improved: - the big negative - as the library got full, i ran into a lot of ram limitations, so i had to start repeatedly until it worked. so whatever it's running into needs to be tightened up a bit. - there's no 'bulk' way to export scans. they don't appear as documents in itunes to synch to the desktop, which would be very convenient. - ability to name a scan before scanning would make the workflow easier. currently you can't name a scan until it's processed, 5-10 minutes after scanning, by which time otnot with the person any more. - ability to view the scan graphic (like when scanning) would be nice. right now after scanning people, they can't see anything. even the rough scan graphic, what you see while scanning, would be something for them to see. - the object scanning very rarely worked. - the 'head' recognition did't like people in masks. i am guessing it's looking for eyes. so people in dark masks, or sunglasses, were very hard or impossible to scan. - full body scanning would be great. - 'relief' scanning would be great. that is, a photo from the front, with a little depth, but not a surround.
if you get using itseez3d  the "supporting plane"failure message, try putting something with an irregular pattern under it .. say like many open pages of a newspaper.. seriously, it helps. the app will use the odd pattern to "align" it self i have had a massive drop in the "support plan" errors since using sheets of newspaper .. also you can "back up" to where it last had the plane and the error should go away on its own.. no need to stop and restart.. but try something with an odd pattern under it (which is why newpaper pages are ideal)
mine is still sitting in memphis. i hope it is having a good time. probably partying with the ladies  :)
@richard, what i have said is scanning real human torso has no issue with iseez3d. the problem is scanning objects, the supporting plane gets lost easily. and i have tried to scan torso-types objects like hello kitty in human mode, it doesn't detect the torso. i hope the color/texture function is enabled soon as skanect n scanner demo works very well and fast. itsee3d even if i managed to get a scan it takes quite a while to upload to render and then to download again, not to mention jamming my already slow internet bandwidth.
@darren c have your tried cutting the head off and putting it on a turntable?
the reason why the demo scanner app works because of the floating resizable bounding box - i can adjust the box to include what i want to scan, in fact halfway through the scan if the model accidentally goes out of the bounding box, the scanning will continue to work if i already have the majority of the model into the scan and the app seems clever enough to detect what needs to be included that is outside the bounding box. with the bounding box, a "supporting plane" is not required, what the itseez3d fails frequently is because the "supporting plane" gets lost but i'm also can't understand why the "plane" keeps getting lost when the plane is always in plain sight....
i have more success with demo scanner app, and almost every scan works ok. in fact when i scan more rounds the mesh become more detailed with less coarse surfaces, and it works even when i place the model on a motorised turntable and i just hold the scanner still. i can move the scanner up and down to ensure hidden surfaces are added in, and the app automatically builds up the mesh. this huge convenience is the reason why i backed this in the first place, if i want more workouts i can do it with the free and unpredictable 123d. for itseez3d it's a mixed bag. scanning actual heads are very easy and detailed, but i almost can never get a complete scan of objects because it keep getting "supporting plane lost". i believe it's because my plane is not large enough to be detected as a plane, and the only 'large' plane i have is the floor but it's very difficult to scan an object on the floor. and  it's very difficult to move around an object without the error message occuring, and the much easier turntable method doesn't work at all. if the scanner demo app can do it easier, why can't the itseez3d support this convenient function. i may be able to try on a large table, but i do not have the luxury of a large room to move around the table. now only if occipital deliver the color function on the scanner demo app soon.
i forgot to add the uplink to skanect desktop program seems to give better scan results for models intended for 3d printing.. though that said i haven't had much time to really play with both.
@brian i found that itseez3d like some kind of irregular surface .. say like put down a lot of pages of a news paper .. once i did that tracking became much more stable. since it could use the pattern of pictures and other shapes on the paper to figure out where it is.
share some of my scan using structure sensor + itseez3d: 1)https://skfb.ly/ampn 2)https://skfb.ly/ampi 3)https://skfb.ly/albo the scanning result using itseez3d is better compare to original structure sensor demo app. will try isense app later to see the differ.
@brian bit surprised to see that you still have this problem with itseez3d. i had that a lot with the occipital apps, but very less so with itseez3d. are you sure that you are far/close enough from your subject? that your object is placed on a very contrasted surface?
hi occipital -- from the looks of a lot of the other comments here, you guys have your hands full trying to get units to your backers. having written that, i have some software questions for you, for lack of a support forum at occipital.io -- after some early success with uplink, scanner and now itseez3d i am confounded after many hours of scanning activity. in all three the tracking is spontaneously and randomly lost even when i am standing still -- i have 5-6 scans almost complete when suddenly the scanner goes nuts (it even starts eroding the 3d model because tracking is lost) for every scan that i would consider 'complete'. i doubt this is hardware related as the unit is capable of performing well in small increments. the firmware update promised in the original packaging is not out yet, and it looks like self-calibration (depth and color alignment) software is planned but still 'coming soon'. i realize that you have limited financial interest in developing software for hardware that you have already sold, however semi-casual users like myself will just stop using the unit if the experience remains filled with unexplained failure and frustration due to buggy software. your awesome scanner with all its potential then becomes a niche product for developers -- maybe this is what you want, but i was hoping for more. any word on progress with the software dashboard? firmware? please let your users know. brian
@eric yes!
got my unit today ..
not in limbo at all. just had notification that it has reached memphis. :) yahoo, it is on its way. cannot wait to start playing.
countdown page says my unit is shipped. shipping status page says it has not shipped. i guess it is stuck in limbo at the moment :)
my unit shipped so the line is moving again. i was at 47.
@david : should be getting my structure sensor today from fedex. they're charging me 74.9€ taxwise. i am in france.
very nice marcel!  it looks great!  for everyone's interest, my place in line just went down 99 since yesterday to 464. for those of you that have received your sensor, i do not have an ipad air yet.  i was going to wait until i had the sensor, or maybe wait until the ipad air 2 is announced.  then purchase an ipad air 1(hopefully at a lower price).  i would like to know the general concensus whether i should get a 32 gb, 64 gb, or 128 gb ipad air?   thanks!
was number 32 yesterday but now showing shipped. just wait for tracking number and the structure sensor to show up. just wondering how much tax will be required.
has anyone tried to do brackets for non ios devices ?
nice one marcel! now all i need is a 3d printer (waiting for one) :)
in case there is any interest, i made a lens cap... http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:410252
still no tracking # and i am still stuck at #47 on the counter.
got my tracking numbers early this morning. thank you crys for keeping me updated and staying true to your word.
-- still at #47 if anyone is tracking.
i got the email and can understand the reason, i've even been told another estimate date and guess what....the counter has moved a magic jump of 1 .for seven days. please take the frustration counter down!! its not helping....
@occipital: i haven't received any email about the delay either (checked my spam folder).  i'm currently sitting at 432.
@occipital: thanks for the reply... fyi, regarding the last comment i posted, nicolas from occipital/skanect replied: "color is not yet supported through uplink, but it should be ready soon."
using nikolas advice here i managed to make the uplink work on win 8.1 : https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/skanect/fbjrg2ieboe but the rgb texturing/skinning  on top of the model created does not work in uplink mode on skanect. any thoughts from occipital?
@keith rome: couldn't get the uplink to work on win 8.1 so i think it is related to the way uplink works on win 8. i'm sure it can be resolved with a work-around.
went from #522 to #509 in 7 days, didn't get any email from occipital. if you could let us know what happened...
@occipital thanks for the up-date. it is much appreciated
for those who have seen their place in line pause, please check the inbox of the email address you use for kickstarter for a quick message about the cause of the delay. thanks for your patience!
@keith rome: i've used the sensor with uplink via skanect on windows 7 64bit, and the structure app. it does it smoothly in real-time. i'll try it with win 8.1 next.
the shipping countdown *seemed* like a great idea and it was exciting to watch it tick lower every day, until it completely stopped almost a week ago.  does anybody know if occipital has run out of inventory, or if they're shipping but not updating the countdown?  based on the rate they were going i was expecting good news this week, so this is really disappointing.
received mine in the uk, works great. great job. thank you! the design is very well done (i just wish the ipad brackets were aluminum as well.)
still at #47 if anyone is tracking.
just got my sensor today and paid tax around $31, after received the tracking numbers i could see it's status moving very slow than other carriers, it took 16 days to arrived here from miami to taiwan. if by tnt  i will got it within 8 days.
@occipital : as the gonzales are refering to, an occipal case for the sensor and bracket would be nice.
can anyone else confirm if they have been getting shipping notices in the meantime? it'll help alleviate some of the tension for the rest of us. meanwhile, in the past week i've finally moved from #277 to #276 today. i'm guessing that 1 guy must be one lucky dog!!
stuck on 32 all week and no shipping notice here yet. i am in uk, don't know if that is significant.
despite all my anxiety over my unmoving place in line i just got my shipping notice. i had been stuck at #164 all week.
@occipital, you there?
have occipital run out of supplies? can someone from occipital give us an update please on why the counter is not moving and if they have enough devices to cover the kickstarter launch, or will they need to get another batch of sensors in, and this is the reason for the counter being frozen?
yup still stuck,,, (im at 47)
mine arrived two days ago. in my excitement i went out and bought a new ipad air. ok i am eating a bit into the savings, but i really wanted to use itseez3d. granted i needed to upgrade from my first gen ipad. scanning in color, that is capturing a color texture along with the mesh, is possibly worth the investment. i also am using my vupoint magic wand case to carry the sensor and its lightning bolt cable. you can get the case on amazon for $12 with prime.
we may get a 3 days update on the countdown, but what is most likely to happen is... nothing for the week end. close to 5 days of no shipping.
3 days stuck at 170 .... :-(
we were supposed to see a drastic boost in sensor sent per day, as hinted by occipital... well, it is pretty dissapointing so far, it never exceeded 80 units a day and it's been a few days it is stuck, with no communication at all. too bad. countdown was a good idea but it is actually pretty frustrating when nothing moves.
been stuck on 32 for a few days now. have they stopped shipping for some reason?
there is one on ebay.co.uk
fedex charge in uk to receive it £53.25
i see that the sample apps are now on the apple store so i'll try that out. emailing a generated scan over wifi might be a functional workaround, although uplink would be much better,
@keith (btw sorry for "kevin" dammed autocorrect) .. not really sure at this point, you seemed to have tried all the things i can think of .. perhaps one of the developers will chime in.
@ yulan wilson i doubt there were ever 9999 products to ship out as there are only 3,515 backers and you will notice from the kickstarter page that us fashionably late backers are, in fact, the last ones due to be delivered. hang in there, it is coming soon.
mine just arrived today at the fedex near me, so may see if i can pick it up tomorrow
as anxious as i am to receive my device, i want one that works properly.  at one company where i worked, "it seemed" the motto was "when in doubt, ship it out!" so the quota could be met.  please don't let that be the case here! it appears the shipments have slowed down.  the average for me is 66.3 shipments closer each day.  below is my place in line as of 2014-07-16 am. your place in line  2014-06-07  =  2466  this was the first notice. your place in line  2014-06-10  =  2390  change =  -76  your place in line  2014-06-11  =  2314  change =  -76  your place in line  2014-06-12  =  2235  change =  -79  your place in line  2014-06-13  =  2155  change =  -80  your place in line  2014-06-16  =  2084  change =  -71  your place in line  2014-06-17  =  2006  change =  -78  your place in line  2014-06-18  =  1924  change =  -82  your place in line  2014-06-19  =  1839  change =  -85  your place in line  2014-06-22  =  1689  change =  -150  your place in line  2014-06-23  =  1686  change =  -3  your place in line  2014-06-24  =  1621  change =  -65  your place in line  2014-06-26  =  1387  change =  -234  your place in line  2014-06-28  =  1334  change =  -53  your place in line  2014-07-01  =  1268  change =  -66  your place in line  2014-07-02  =  1202  change =  -66  your place in line  2014-07-03  =  1125  change =  -77  your place in line  2014-07-04  =  1047  change =  -78  your place in line  2014-07-08  =  0972  change =  -75  your place in line  2014-07-09  =  0895  change =  -77  your place in line  2014-07-10  =  0818  change =  -77  your place in line  2014-07-12  =  0666  change =  -152  your place in line  2014-07-16  =  0608  change =  -58
yes, firewall was completely disabled to be sure it wasn't a blocked port.  this same pc works with the sensor if i use the usb hacker cable. but uplink does not ever show up in the ipad app when running skanect on the pc.  when i run skanect on my mac mini (same exact wifi network and band), the ipad app immediately displays the uplink button, and it transfers just fine to the mac.  but that isn't good enough - i need to be able to use the sensor with my windows laptop, and really don't want to tether it via the usb hacker cable. basically, i want it to work with the windows system just like the os x system works.  i'm not sure what else to try next.
@kevin have you tried disabling your firewall (norton etc..) temporarily to see if it works?  you also might have another bit of software occupying the same port etc.. you can try shutting down any unnecessary background application and see if that helps any.
hmm, it seems that the problem with uplink to skanect on windows from structure wasn't related to 5g versus 2.4g wifi. i tried it with both devices on a 2.4g network and they still refused to talk to each other. so it appears that my troubles with the sensor uplink is specific to windows. it works fine with my mac mini (same networks), but the mac mini isn't something that i tote around with me.  has anyone encountered problems with connecting the sensor to windows? do i need to add some firewall rules or something?
i started trying to more formally track the shipping rates. they kept talking about how they were going to ramp up, but it seemed like 73-77 per day so i just started writing down the numbers at the beginning of july. below is my place in line at the end of each day: end of 7/1: 756 end of 7/2: 679 (77 today) end of 7/3: 601 (78 today) end of 7/7: 526 (75 today) end of 7/8: 526 (0  today) end of 7/9: 372 (154 today - must have skipped the count yesterday?) end of 7/10: 372 (0 today) end of 7/11: 222 (150 past two days) end of 7/14: 187 (35 today) end of 7/15: 164 (23 today) i'm super cynical and feel like i just get pr answers when i ask directly.
@jose, yea it looks like its stuck .. or they halted them i have been at 47 for a couple days now.
@occipital -- what's up with the trickle in shipping? unless i'm getting bumped down the queue, it looks like the daily shipment numbers are down. any updates?
i must say that i am extremely excited about receiving an structure sensor but damn when will it happen, i saw that the originally there were 9999 people to deliver to. i am currently 452 however i pledged for the fashionably late package which was the second group of pledges filled but 9547 other people the majority i'm sure of which purchased after me have received theirs. what gives this is a major let down!!
@my tran - as per their update from jun 5th, you can check your status in line for shipping here: https://store.structure.io/backers/login/… i was in the early bird special level and received mine eight days ago. and i'm not sure if you're basing the state info off of the kickstarter location saying sf, ca. but the package actually shipped out of indiana and took about a week to get to me (i'm 45 minutes south of sf), so if you're in ca, that's not going to expedite anything on the shipping front. :)
now i know what others have felt, thursday and friday it was at 213, monday morning 63 (cool), tuesday morning 28 (awww  :)
hi occipital, i ordered the fashionably late special and was wondering why mine hasn't arrived yet, and i live in the same state as your headquarters. i was hoping to see if you can help me track mine since you did say it was suppose to come in by june and it's already july.
also i think pre lightning connector ipads would probably be cpu challenged to even be able to process the data.. (but it would be interesting to try if the code would even run on pre a7 chips )
@ donovan - from the faq on the campaign: "what about 30-pin devices? the structure sensor was designed to work with the apple lightning connector, and so it will not work with ios devices that have 30-pin connector. the sensor uses the new apple lightning connector to transmit data at very high rates that were not achievable with the 30-pin connector."
@keith rome just do an adhoc (direct device to device) network connection (without router). don't know how to do that on win but on mac it's super easy (create network function) i use my sensor that way only. it's a lot faster in my case and also allows to use the sensor on the go.
@donovan, sadly the older ipads are not powerful enough to handle the input that the sensor sends and also the data transfer along the cable needed.
anyone else a little frustrated that you need a female lightning to 30 pin male connector? so far this is all i have found: http://www.miniinthebox.com/lightning-female-connector-to-30-pin-male-connector-cable-15cm_p693543.html… i'm assuming there are no plans for a 30pin version for those with older ipads?
i have mine shipping now yeh, can't wait to use it
looks like i have answered my own question - i tried it out on another machine that's on the same 2.4ghz band and it works there. that's rather annoying that it not only has to be on the same network, but also has to be on the same wifi band.  is there any workaround for that restriction? i don't recall this being mentioned as a limitation before.
just got mine in today, can't seem to get the "uplink" button to show up in the ipad app. skanect pro is running on my windows laptop (windows 8.1 on a mbp) and both machines are on my wifi network. any ideas?  my laptop uses the 5ghz band while the ipad mini is on 2.4ghz - is that the root of the problem? if so then that's a really big problem if it can't be worked around. macbooks are highly unstable on the 2.4 band when there are bluetooth devices nearby (which is the case here).
@ occipital can you check the place in line counter it has not moved in a while. thanks.
can you give us specs on the laser power and wavelength? i'm assuming you're using an ir laser-- is this why the structure sensor has to use it's own camera? bc the ipad camera has an ir filter? can you also tell us how many spots you convert to with the diffraction grating? i want to assess the safety when scanning people and shining ir lasers into their eyes. i would measure it myself at work (which happens to be in boulder) but am still waiting. re:shipping times and long waits. i have been looking at my daily change in line number (as i'm sure many of you have been) and not seen any thing more than a change if 76 or 78 each day, despite occipital's optimistic reassurances otherwise. perhaps some of you are percolating up the line much faster than me. anyhow, i just wanted to say that i think it's safe to divide your place number in line by 75 to estimate the number of business days until your sensor will ship. i'm 372 as if yesterday evening so hopefully mine will ship next wednesday.
@stefan - the structured light emitter in the structure sensor does, in fact, have a single laser that is then passed through a diffraction grating. @paul - the laser in the structure sensor is completely eye safe.
@jack - information on how to find your progress is here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/occipital/structure-sensor-capture-the-world-in-3d/posts/864674
@paul: which laser? the sensor does not work with a laser. this is a ir scan method (plz correct me if that's not correct).
where could i find my tracking info / progress?
@juan you should probably contact them directly about that.  i know that the counter was moving steadily every day up until at least the 29th. i don't know what the count was last week, but from june 23-june 29 they shipped a minimum of 430 units. (i don't have a count past the 29th because mine shipped on that date)
"you are currently 005 in line to get your items"... 2 weeks with the same number in line... what is going on? is there a problem?
i have both a screen protector and a skin on the back of my ipad, but i didn't really have any major issues sliding the bracket on.  i had a little bit of lift on one corner on the screen protector, but i just backed the bracket off, pressed lightly on the front corner where the lift had happening, and slid the bracket on while i pressed.  that seemed to do the trick just fine for me. now if i could get isteez to work for me, i'd be a happy camper. heh
came home from work to find that my structure sensor had arrived! i cracked open the box and found a beautiful piece of hardware inside. congratulations on creating such a sexy device! :) looking forward to when the github repository is available, as i only use linux, and can't wait to play with code. :) btw, is it hazardous to ones eyes if looking directly at the laser whilst it is in use?
i got my sensor today and am very excited to use it. great work on the packaging, very professional. i can't seem to get it mounted to my ipad though. i have a zagg screen protector and every time i try sliding the bracket on, it peels the screen protector away, can you give me a tip?
my sensor is sitting on my desk here at work, mocking me.  knowing that, even once i get home, i have a project that needs at least an hour of my time before i get to start scanning everything in the apartment.
i'm also getting a hacker cable, and i'm currently number 707 in line (structure sensor for ipad backer level). i started out with 2200 i think... always wondered if i accidentally had put myself at the end of the line, because when first trying to access the counter i had instead sent the survey again.
at 327 at the moment and getting the hacker cable to, don't like weekends
down to number 278 in line now. there is a bobblehead doll with my boss's name on it!
@andre wow!
@andre - that looks very cool! we're excited to see more.
@jose - we're taking a look into it, and we'll send you a pm.
so... i put my sensor to work and scanned a complete airplane fuselage from a lancair legacy. the picture shows the final result after stitching 6 sections together in meshlab. fuselage https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/7443307/snapshot03_l04.png cowling sections https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/7443307/snapshot01.png
@occipital-- haven't seen any huge jumps in my place in line other than the 60-75 shipments per business day. earlier you indicated that my abysmal place in line (now #756) had to do with an anticipated delay with the hacker cables that had since been righted and so i should expect to get moved up... any chance this is going to still happen or am i really looking at late july?
i'm "p" and got it 3 weeks ago, and my friend corey with a "b" got his last week so that's not it!
now 31 in the queue, looks like you are shipping alphabetically? i must be last or almost last on the list? although my awesome structure sensor should ship soon! :)
i started the day at number 65 in line. it's killing me not knowing if i'm going to be getting a shipping notice today or if it's just going to be another drop in the number at the end of the day. heh
now 97 in line, almost there! :)
hello,  something is missing on my computer.  when i try to download or run documents\downloads\compressed\file.osgjs_3.gz , winzip opens and then a dialog box pops up and says, "windows can't open this file.  windows needs to know what program you want to use to open it."  what software do i need to "unzip" and view what many of your are seeing?   thanks!
hi marie-andree, not too easy, but blender is open source http://www.blender.org/download/  -- netfabb's cloud service beta was also great but it has been acquired by microsoft -- you need a windows login to use it but it is free of charge https://netfabb.azurewebsites.net/
typo : is simple to use
some of you have an open source 3d cleaner/editor that issumple to use to recommend? ideally for mac.
would be nice if the 123d serie of apps by autodesk could support the structure sensor models, and vice versa.
it looks a bit like the hunchback of notre dame, but he's my first really nearly succesful one! https://skfb.ly/avyc
i just saw some information (rumor) on the "ipad air 2" that is supposed to be released in q3 this year.  it has a newer a8 chipset & new isight camera.  i don't own any apple products and was waiting to purchase after i received my structure sensor.  would this new ipad be worth waiting for?  will it help with resolution?  or maybe just wait for it to come out and the purchase the older ipad air for less money?  http://www.knowyourmobile.com/tablets/apple-ipad-air-2/21977/ipad-air-2-release-date-specs-features-coverage-touchid-a8-chipset thanks!
oups! wrong project page :)
this extremely complex product was funded at exactly the same date as this one. they delivered it to me 3 weeks ago : https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/occipital/structure-sensor-capture-the-world-in-3d just saying!
any pics of the scan and the print to compare?
i received and installed the 3 sample apps and they work amazing! i managed to scan, clean and print a 3d model with great resolution within 10 minutes. great piece of hardware. the future is now....
dangit, people start posting extra awesome stuff and the numbers of orders going out slips back down.  i'm in a so close, yet so far, kind of thing right now. heh
and to answer some of the other backers' questions - it's in color, mindblowingly detailed color.  http://www.instructables.com/id/free-range-color-3d-scanning-with-an-ipad/
i was so stoked about how well the structure sensor + ipad mini 2 + itseez3d app worked i made an instructable: http://www.instructables.com/id/free-range-color-3d-scanning-with-an-ipad/
i just received mine. itseez3d unfortunately doesn't work on my ipad mini: not enough ram available. and i have no idea how to install the scanner app from the sdk. but with skanect/streaming it works great!
oh man, 181st in line. so close, yet so far. stupid weekend. lol
i need to find a tool to slice the base off, but this came out much better.  having a clear / larger base makes things easier.  https://skfb.ly/auos
really rough attempt.  takes a little futsing to figure out what it wants to do exactly... but https://skfb.ly/auo9 from itseez3d
@occipital  is there any update when the color feature will be added to your in house beta version tether free scanner? although the device was made initially for the ipad, i actually plan on using it on my 5s because its much easier to tote around. the itseez3d app won't work the the 5s, but your beta app works great.... otherwise great work so far, incredibly impressed with the hardware and software
@cam - have you checked out the getting started guide for the structure sensor?
@jose @stefan and @cam - we're excited to see that you're getting great results early on!
this shipping process has been a roller coaster with all of the info trickling in since it started.  but thankfully the last few days have been on the up!  the scans with the new app are amazing! and i'm curious if anyone has tried meshing/printing any of their scans yet?
here's another example with the new app. sat a colleague of mine on an office chair and spun her around. pretty impressive i must say. https://sketchfab.com/models/d3a1a74654a44ad0b531cb7711a9b101 however, i agree it would be good if there was a manual for both the sensor and skanect. basically you're left to figure it out for yourself. not that it's complicated, but especially with skanect, some of the software settings are obtuse.
i've tried this new app and the results are really impressive. here is an example what i've made today: https://sketchfab.com/models/7a77e350d9af4665ac62c7140d8afc60
@occipital: thanks for quick response. i went over to a buddies house last weekend-- he was a much earlier backer, and got to see what the sensor could do. very impressed with the speed using the unreleased apps on an ipad 4, and understood immediately why everyone was torqued about the uplink/skanect-only mode. today he sent me some results from the itseez3d app that just got released-- totally awesome! i'm still baffled why people aren't posting more of their results, though, especially the beta group and others who have access to the unreleased apps.
correction, 365 was my number yesterday.  i'm currently 284.
re: the shipping reply to jose.  i'm currently number 365 on the shipping list.  but i'd ordered a hacker cable in addition to my early bird special for ipad.  since jose was moved later due to his hacker cable order, was i just lucky and was sooner in line?  or was my hacker cable not included with mine when the shipping order was being made?
ok... i posted it there. would be good if there would be a basic manual explaining the settings. i could not find anything like that so far.
@andre - could you re-ask that question over in the skanect forums?  that way it can go right to the guys who work on skanect.  thanks!  https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/skanect
what does the qvga / vga setting do in skanect? which one should i use for the structure sensor? does qvga create less accurate scans?  also, what does the offline recording setting do? thanks!
@amgems we've been able to ship 75-100 sensors each day, so your sensor should be shipping in around 15 days.
@jose the reason you're showing up behind some fashionably late people is because when we made the ordering, we weren't projecting to have your hacker cable in stock in time for your shipment.  but since then, we've been able to accelerate the timeline and your cable is on schedule.  as a result, we'll be able to bump you ahead in line.  stay tuned for a jump in your shipping location in the next few days.  this should also apply to anyone else who's in a similar boat.  thanks!
@eugen - sorry about your countdown not showing up.  don't worry, you are definitely in the list!  your countdown should be fixed soon, but don't worry in the meantime.
@amgems, i pledged at the 'complete kit' level which promised feb 2014 delivery and i'm #1181 today. so, somehow i'm scheduled for later delivery than the 'fashionably late' backers! i can't say i feel great being scheduled after backers who were originally promised a delivery date later than me.
checked the counter:  i am 949 in line. i am one of the 414 pledgers at the "fashionably late" level / mar 2014. does this translate into a delivery sometime this year?
@occipital hi how about my question and shipping
@doug - send us an email at structure@occipital.com and we can help you out with a hacker cable purchase.
@stefan - we'll have more news about the software status dashboard shortly. thanks for your patience!
hi - is there anything special in the pinouts of the hacker cable?  i notice that you can bypass the ipad with skanect and hook directly to a laptop.  since the software needs to be tethered might as well bypass the ipad altogether. can you release the pinouts please so we don't have to wait months to get a hacker cable. thanks.
is it possible to order a hacker cable for my ipad mini based sensor?  i've switched platforms and no longer regularly have access to an ipad.
i´m really happy with the sensor. especially with the uplink feature it makes really good scans.  but what about the status dashboard? where/when can i find it?
some were shipped friday / this weekend.  i got my tracking and invites!
hi, occipital. i see, some backers begin to recieve their rewards. i just tried to check status of mine. "check your spot in the shipping countdown" option does not working. how can i check it?
it looks like 148 shipped friday/saturday
@tim soon after your sensor ships, you'll get a forum invitation.  if yours has already shipped and you didn't get one yet, please email us at structure@occipital.com and we'll send an invite.  thanks!
can you tell us how to create an account on the forums.structure.io page?  it says "please create an account or login to continue."  but there is no apparent way to create an account.
@jenny we haven't replied yet because our web team is currently off for the weekend, but they will try to look into why you didn't see a countdown update as soon as possible.  we believe everything went fine with issuing shipments, so we believe there was probably just an intermittent glitch with updating the counter.
no reply about the friday shipping. no update on the counter. did no orders get sent out or was the counter just not updated?
international shipping and ios sample apps very disappointed by this latest update i have already requested in 2 seperate  messages that the customs declaration for the uk must be done with "goods to be declared by importer" to stop the courier company from charging processing fees on top of the import duty. why are you not doing as requested?  this is not tax avoidance border force uk will still levy the fees they will just be paid directly without being held to ransom by the couriers/postal service,  who are you using as courier for the uk?
@christos we'll definitely message backers when new apps launch, but there's also a way you can get your ipad to tell you about all the apps:  1. plug in your structure sensor  2. go to settings -> general -> about -> structure sensor -> find app for accessory.  this will bring you to the app store and show you all the currently available apps!  right now it's just the "structure" app, but soon the sample apps will appear, and more.
thanks for the reply occipital. where will we be able to find third party software? do you plan to set up a store on your site? or at least an informational web page?
@marie-andree you might want to post in the forums to have more of a focused discussion about using the sdk sample apps.  as these are samples, they are meant to be edited by developers.  things such as adjusting the mesh density and scanning volume shape are all configurable in the sdk.  some people have already added cool rendering effects.  if you're not able to work with the sdk yourself, then i'd keep an eye out for new software coming soon from other backers.  thanks!
scanning results are so bad (screwed surfaces, "dissolving" surfaces, holes that won't fill, tracking that goes crazy for i don't know why, straight surfaces that are round and bumpy, etc.), that i don't even know if it's only the software that is problematic, or also my hardware. see picture here. see example. the tail that was there when the scanning begun just dessolve after a bit, and a hole appeared on his back. i was not able to fill it! http://imgur.com/jmaexgq
@christos sorry about the delay on the software status dashboard.  we ended up redirecting our efforts to build an improved getting started page which launched this week, and we'll get the sw status dashboard out on monday.
@occipital what about the software status dashboard page? you said it was 24 hours from being ready 10 days ago. is that page up yet?
interesting. the counter for orders being shipped didn't change today. did someone forget to update it or did nothing get sent?
i'm still 579 orders down the line from being shipped.  so i haven't received anything yet.  just trying to gets my ducks in a row and know what i need to before the sensor arrives so i can be as out of the box ready as possible. but thanks for the info on why they aren't readily available at this time, again, very helpful info coming through here.
i recently received an email for sanect pro but i'm looking forward for the object scanner app. the sanect pro require a wireless connection to a computer to record 3d objects. the object scanner app is mobile.  i did not get the "get your sensor yet?" email.
@brian cc: @jenny you're right on.  the sdk sample apps are under review by apple.  logistically, we couldn't update the printed materials provided in the box, but the box does include a piece of paper with a link to the getting started page, and the getting started page notes that the sample apps are awaiting apple approval.  we also sent a big link to the getting started page in the email you should've received right as your sensor was arriving. quick note:  have you both also received your getting started email?  if not, please let us know and we'll re-send it.  the subject should be "[structure sensor] get your sensor yet?"
@nicolas, we don’t like customs fees either. we did make all non-us backers aware of this twice: 1) during the campaign in the faq, and 2) during the pledge confirmation site, we displayed a reminder that you had to confirm. the likely reason your fees for the structure sensor were higher than other campaigns you've backed is related to the item cost of the structure sensor versus other, lower-cost items. we'll contact you via email to sort out your returned sensor.  we can't offer a refund for this, but we will reach out with some ideas to help you out.
@david reach out to structure@occipital.com and we can help you get early access to the sdk sample apps.  of course, if you're an ios developer, you can use them right now since they are in the sdk as open-source samples!  use your forum invite (you should have received this in your getting started email) to find the sdk in the forums.
i don't know the details of course, but i assume the apps are under review at apple -- during this process they have a limited number of licenses they can hand out to people before it goes live at the app store. i agree that occipital would have benefited by making this clear on the info packed in with the sensors -- i posted my experience so folks would know what is coming.
i've uploaded a quick scan of my living room on instagram. http://instagram.com/p/pewtegsmm1/ the quality for this raw scan is really good in my opinion.
@brian, that is definitely an improvement.  very nice to see. but i'm curious about why the apps aren't just either readily available or that there isn't a notice included in the packages that ship with the information on where to get them. it's odd that the very apps that will make the sensor functional have to be purposefully sought out in order to gain use of them.  what about people that don't frequent this comments section?  how you are contacting them to make sure that they know there is software out there that will make their experience better? why not just put all of them in the app store so someone could search occipital or structure sensor and easily download what's currently available?  even if they aren't considered "production ready" it's not like anyone that doesn't have a sensor is going to be able to see what they can actually do if they choose to download them. we backers are already being your beta testers, at least make it easier for us to test what's available.
where can download object scanner app?
curious, i also have the object scanner, but my experience haven't been the same as brian at all. i'll have to try again!
hello there. i am sorry to report that i had to refuse today to take delivery of my structure sensor as fedex wanted me to pay 80 euros (about 100 usd) of customs charge. yes, 100 over and above the usual nternational shipment kickstarter fee. i refuse to pay that extra cost and must say that i am very surprised, i have participated in quite a few kickstarter and indiegogo campaigns and it is the first time i am facing such costs. so i guess the options from now are : - that you re-ship the product by taking customs costs, if any, on your account - that you reimburse me as i cannot take delivery of the structure sensor under the terms of the campaign. in the meantime, fedex is returning the pack to you. let me know.
wow! received a link for object scanner -- scanned the same object with it: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:368549 no lag, no wifi (scanned onto the ipad and then i emailed it as an .obj file) took about a minute and holy cow what a difference. this is the experience that i think everyone was hoping for. thanks occipital, this is exactly what i was hoping for as far as functionality.
jenny -- to answer your question, i am sure i could have improved the scan if i had given it more time. i made a passing attempt to capture the underside of the ball and the stool but i spent much more time on the top of the ball.
i received my structure scanner a couple of days ago and finally had some time last night to scan a few things. i've used a number of other scanners and tried to compare them to the structure. so far i'm very impressed with the results after barely diving into the settings. i've posted my early results on my website if you're interested: http://johnbiehler.com/2014/06/19/hands-structure-3d-scanner/
@brian - i'm fairly impressed with how well it picked up the handle on the top.  i'm curious about some of the "holes" on the bottom handle side of the ball/stool.  based on how you manipulated the sensor while scanning, do you think it would be possible to get an even cleaner scan of that area with some extra time spent?  or would it just be lost data?
i am posting a scan as there seems to be an interest in some examples. http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:367619/#files this is a medicine ball sitting on a stool that i scanned this morning. this scan took about 5 minutes total using an ipad 4 and skanect on pc. the control issues i mentioned below are still evident, but i did get a complete scan. the raw datafile was almost 75 mb, i imported it to blender and cleaned it up a bit so it is down to 5 mb. i would be interested to see what others are generating. i plan to keep messing with skanect to see what is possible here. occipital people -- i am still impressed with this hardware even if it is not exactly what i expected out of the box. looking forward to using some of your apps (particularly object scan) as soon as i can.
@brian - thanks for your note. we can help you out in a few ways. first of all, skanect's dedicated support forums at https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/skanect are a great place to go for quick feedback while starting to use skanect and uplink. uplink's performance is impacted by the speed and quality of the wifi network it is on. a 5ghz with little or no additional network traffic will work much better than a 2.4ghz with lots of network traffic. with that said, we're working behind the scenes to continually improve performance under all network conditions.
hi occipital - just got my sensor today -- setup was easy and i was scanning within an hour -- however -- the structure app on the ipad can't control the starting or the ending of scanning (rec., stop and reset will show they are pressed but do nothing). i am forced to contort myself to use the mouse on my pc to start and stop scan activity - since this involves moving quite a ways away from the object i am scanning i get error messages from skanect that i am moving too fast and i need to go back to the original pose -- this messes up the scan. the scanner itself is very laggy -- walk across the room, then wait 5-10 seconds for the scanner to catch up -- and this is when it is not scanning, but just sending output to the screen. i am hoping this is something that can be patched away, i was hoping to search a support forum to see if others had experienced this and had suggestions, but i can't find one at your website, so here we are. i am happy that you finally shipped the unit but either i am using it wrong or it is not entirely functional.
@rob - if you're a developer, sample apps are already available in the structure sdk at http://forums.structure.io. if you're not a developer, send us an email at structure@occipital.com for more information on where to find the sample apps that are currently available.
@joe - we can assure you that you won't have to wait until august to receive your structure sensor. keep checking the countdown and you'll see it accelerate soon. :)
@andre and @william - skanect is highly tunable to different environments and different systems. please join skanect's dedicated support forums at https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/skanect for guidance on how to get the best performance.  @andre - as we noted in our kickstarter campaign, the structure sensor has a mobile-optimized range of 40cm to just over 3.5m.
@marie-andree - yes, the depth/color alignment you see when using the structure app will be corrected when we launch our color update this month for other apps. both are related, as the alignment is required to ensure properly textured models in apps such as the object scanner.
hello, i have a lump of metal on the back of my ipad scanning the world but i can do nothing with it... when will the functional/practical apps be available? and will i have to pay for those as well?
is there anyway to publicly share our scans?
@jenny +1
you definitely need a fast computer for skanect. i have a full spec quadcore, 16gig ram, ssd blah blah retina macbook and a medium sized scan takes pretty damn long to  process in high fidelity.... i just really would like to know if there is even a remote chance that this will be usable for reverse engineering. also...why can't i get closer than 400mm?
while i can understand the desire to get the hardware to the backers, and i do respect that commitment to all of us.  i am surprised that there wasn't a beta group of testers that worked with the hardware and software to provide feedback to occipital to work things out before the main shipment begin. seeing the beta test group on another ks project and being in a beta test group of an indiegogo project, i can definitely say that neither product was ready to be in the hands of the general consumer.  on the indiegogo project, it sounds like it's a similar situation to here.  where the hardware itself is basically as done as it's going to get, but the software is beyond lacking.  there's so much work that needs to be done to make the product actually usable that their decision to ask for volunteers for a beta group (it wasn't built into the backer levels) has probably been one of the wisest things they've done. as anxious as i am to get my hands on my sensor and start getting scans, i'd have rather waited a few more months to have a working straight out of the box product instead of getting it and being disappointed with what it does, then having to try to keep my interest up while waiting for update after update to come out to get the thing up and running.
indeed the hardware seems promising but it's software is lagging far behind... and without software its just a metal lump on the backside of the ipad... any news about that software development progress web page..?
i could be wrong, but i'm under the impression that occipal has slow down on delivering hardware to get the apps ready. except for skanect pro, there is huge work to do on the software side. not sure that it would be a good idea to deliver a hardware without proper software.
i'm probably one of the most easily amused people you will ever meet... but i have to say that last night after i went through the trouble of updating my os and backing up systems that i was amazed by the structure. i scanned my living room, even though it was a painful process and terrible scan, i can see what the future of 3d vision will look like. everyone else thought i was crazy and didn't see why it was amazing but i can see how in five years this will be a normal part of our lives. with that being said, the scan was incredibly slow and using my intel core 2 dou with 4 gb of ram and ipad 4 i could barley move around the room. i'm not sure where the problem was but the tech is almost unusable on my system.
i know that delivering a quality product takes time, but right now at the rate the ticker is going down it looks as though i won't get mine until august or later.  can you give an update on shipping lead times?  it has been very frustrating to keep getting pushed back months and months.  right now i just need to know realistically whether i can count on this before this fall.
hi! received my sensor and the hardware looks as awesome and high quality as promised! very nice!  today i did my first scans using skanect pro... to be honest i'm a bit disappointed about the resolution. everything gets softened sooo much even on highest fidelity. it looks ok as long as the object has smooth curves and no edges... as soon as there is an edge it looks like there is huge radius on it (inner and outer edges). is this going to improve or is this already the best resolution? i thought i could use this device for engineering stuff but so far it looks like it's not the tool for that.... i guess my expectations were far too high.
depth + color is still weird. don't know if it's "normal" considering the depth/color alignment problem that occipital is talking about in the user guide and its comment. http://i.imgur.com/0njeznk.jpg
yeah, i was hoping to see comments and sample scans popping up by now.
surprised not to see other backers who have received their unit comment here.
@amir - structure sensor shipments are all sent out of the united states, so that would not have been from us.
any tracking no. yet? i had a packaged returned to sender just yesterday, i hope it wasn't the sensor. i cannot figure out which rewards it could have been. it was sent from germany...
i notice on structure.io you guys mention other mounting brackets for iphone 5+ and the oculus rift. when will these brackets be available to order and will the rift bracket work with both the dk1 and dk2 versions of the headset?
thank you very much for the update.  that does very much put my mind at ease!
thanks for the answer, even though i was not targeted by it! :-)
thanks for the update.
hi @jenny, @micah, @robert and all of you guys getting sensors for the first time! thanks for your questions about apps!  it sounds like it’s a good time to clarify the status of all of the software we’ve been working on for you guys. regarding the sample apps, all of these sample apps have been built, and either are already available or will soon be available to backers. software status dashboard is coming! much like the “stuff we owe you” page we launched for every backer, we’ll soon be launching a very cool “software status dashboard” for both software we promised during the kickstarter campaign, as well as for new software we’ve announced for you above and beyond what was promised during the kickstarter campaign.  this page has been built, but we’re putting finishing touches on it, and it will be launching in the next 24-48 hrs. but in the meantime, here’s the status of the promised sample apps: object scanner: this sample app is available to developers in the structure sdk. it will let you scan entirely on device, with no need to be connected to a desktop or laptop pc. color scanning note: color scanning is temporarily disabled in both uplink to skanect as well as the object scanner sample app.  we plan to enable color this month.  stay tuned for news. room capture: we’re busy preparing this sample app for inclusion in the sdk.  we need to get the color scanning feature out the door first, and then we’ll unlock the room capture sample in the structure sdk.  we don’t have an exact date yet, but the wait will not be much longer for this one! fetch and ball physics: fetch and ball physics are here and in beta testing.  we’ve gone a big step beyond where these were during kickstarter, and now we’ve made it easy for backers to create their own ar apps.  more about this on the forums (look for your invite when your sensor ships). and, of course, we’re not only developing sample apps, we’re making them open for developers to hack on!  it would have been easier for us to release fully-closed apps that could not be modified, but we wanted to create a great sdk for developers which means there will be many more apps available for early adopters sooner than otherwise. while developers work on apps, we’re also in the process of submitting each of the sample apps to the app store so that non-developer users can use more stuff right out of the box. if you’re not a developer and would like to have us give you special access to the sample apps before they hit the app store, please get in touch directly with us at structure@occipital.com and we’ll do our best to take care of you while we wait for apple to approve our app store submissions. for platforms other than ios, the good news is we’ve managed to make structure sensor already compatible with openni2, and we have also taken a step to continue the development of openni2.  this means you can use a number of openni apps right out of the box, including skanect, by plugging in the usb hacker cable (if applicable). in general, if you have any other questions, shoot us an email so we can help clear anything up quickly!  our support team is constantly plugged into email and getting back to people as quickly as possible, which only leaves us with a little bit of time to check this wall each day. thanks!
i haven't even gotten my device yet, and i'm already bummed out. i too bought an ipad to use this device with in a mobile manner. their videos showed the scanner being used in situations where being tethered to a network / scannect wouldn't be possible or practical. i'm sure that occipital is banking on 3rd party apps, but sending a crippled device to start is not cool. sure there's a lot of cool stuff to scan at home, but i envisioned being able to use this on jobsites to get measurements etc.. if i have to buy a surface so be it, but it sucks as i already bought an ipad mini retina to use this with.
ugh.  if this is how it will always be, then i suspect i'll be selling my sensor.  i bought the sensor to be able to have a portable scanner, not be stuck in my apartment at all times to be able to scan. and i second marie-andree, you shouldn't need a surface pro to be mobile.  i literally bought an ipad in order to use this sensor.  i had been looking at different tablet options and had never wanted to tie myself to an ipad in that area.  but once the sensor kickstarter came up and i saw that it was being optimized for the ipad, the draw of the scanning ability overrode everything else for me. so to not be able to pack up my ipad and my sensor to head out to scan stuff, i'm afraid this just a useless product for me.  i'm really hoping that there's something i'm not understanding.  like the scan can still be done remotely, it just won't upload until it's connected at home, or something like that. (though, it still makes me wonder how occipital would have designed the product if we weren't all getting free skanect licenses). but for now, all excitement for the sensor has left for me since almost none of my intended uses seem to be supported at this time due to being tethered to my own apartment. "to begin, you need to ensure that your ipad/structure sensor is on the same wireless network as the mac or pc that is running skanect. if they are not on the same network, then uplink will not be enabled, and the two devices will be unable to communicate with each other"
well, i always thought that structure sensor was an ios product with all this brackets thing and all. since i didn't pledged for the hacker kit or dev kit, i would have thought that it would have basic functions out of the box. scanning directly from my ipad is certainly one of them. hoping that occipital will provide some info about this "over the air" upgrade very soon! some other observations from my first hour or so of use : - hardware is very well done, and clearly solid. not flimsy at all. fitting the scanner to the bracket, and the bracket to an ipad is very easy. - my (very) little experimentation with skanect in uplink mode is also positive to date, except for the fact that it did not scan object colors (not sure it's suppose to since colors come from the ipad camera, right?) - lightning and usb cables should be black though since the bracket and charging unit are black - "replacement" on/off switch on the bracket is a bit
if you install your structure sensor on a surface pro, you won't need any other device to run skanect than the tablet, as its os is windows. i guess the need for an additional computer is to have skanect run on it, as the software isn't ios and android compatible. i'm not sure about mac os.
i'm hoping i'm wrong, but the quick start guide: http://structure.io/download-getting-started says so.
wait, so it doesn't actually work correctly right out of the box? haven't they been scanning with sensors all over the place to demonstrate it?  how are they shipping us sensors that aren't working? wasn't there a beta group at all? or are we all just a giant beta group that will have to work through basic usage issues? @micah - wow, i really hope that's not accurate.  especially since the skanect license was a stretch goal and the room scanning was one of the main features the sensor was marketed/sold on.  how were they doing it in the videos and how would they have expected us to do it without purchasing skanect if it hadn't reached the stretch goal?
so let me get this right.... the only way i can scan a room is with another computer running scannect pro while both devices are on the same wireless network?
from the guide "the alignment between the depth and color images will be imperfect when you first receive your structure sensor. an over-the-air update will be sent to your structure sensor in the future to correct this." how imperfect? because right now, the depth + color mode is working very weirdly for objects/spaces that are more than 10-12 inches far
how come a $359 pledge (excluding shipping as it should be) became a $409 value for customs? overvaluing a product is not very fair to international backers, to say the least.
taxes and fees were 79$ can. a bit more than the 55$ occipital told me about, but could have been worse i suppose.
just received mine. was #89 attve beginning, #12 on friday.
guess what was waiting on my doorstep today. now to download skanect and play with my new toy.
i'm also now curious about how the shipping order was determined. ruwen egoda gamage got his sensor today.  my sensor is still a minimum of two weeks away from being shipped. we both pledged the same backer level and on the same day.  why such a huge gap in our shipping dates?
does anyone have any sample scans? there had to have been a beta group of testers and other people that got their sensors already to go with their ipads.  surely someone out there must have something they've scanned that they can share? also, i second the question about the apps.  if the sensors are shipping, where are the links/names for the apps for the ipad? it would be nice to have anything that goes along with it downloaded before my sensor arrives.
got mine today! now looking for time to make it work with my android :-).  early bird special, feb 2014. backed on 9/17/2013.
i was curious about the demo apps available. the original video showed scanning a room, is this possible with what's being shipped?
@jose - thanks for your question. we can assure you that this is not the case. as we mentioned in the most recent backer update, some days we will be shipping a few sensors, and some days we will be shipping quite a lot of sensors. in addition, sensors are only shipped on week days. the counter has only been live for three week days, and as more days elapse, you'll see your place in line changing at a quicker pace. finally, we can also assure you that no pre-ordered structure sensors will ship before we finish fulfilling every single kickstarter pledge.
i'm as excited as the next backer to finally be getting my sensor--- but, i did the math and it seems like i'm really way down the line (2182 on the day they published the counter page). seeing as it looks like the current rate of delivery is an average of 57 sensors/day, it looks like it's going to be a while... more like 7 weeks at this rate! so the counter is great and all, but yikes! this puts my delivery sometime in august (6 months after my initial delivery date). maybe occipital can give some background for everybody about why they're shipping out so slowly? is it a production rate issue? other stuff that i know some other of us must be thinking (but not saying): i hate complaining, but i also noticed that i really didn't win price-wise by electing the kickstarter route, nor did i win in terms of delivery time. i picked the complete kit for $379 which seems to be the same price on the pre-order site, but is currently promised for delivery in july. in fact, it says 'orders placed today are estimated to ship in july 2014' (https://store.structure.io/preorder) and there are currently 203 sensors remaining for pre-order. it will be hard to justify delivering to the website pre-order customers before the kickstarter backers, but that's how it looks from the available information. it would be great if occipital could clarify the actual timeline and possibly correct the delivery dates promised at the structure.io timeline if they are indeed different. otherwise there's going to be a lot of grumbling before everyone can really see what this sensor can do.
mine has been shipped. now in customs. :-\
they got through 77 on friday and 76 today. it's not a "true live" counter in that it goes down throughout the day as each item is handled. it just drops once at the end of each day. at the current pace, mine will ship in two weeks, so i'm just hoping it stays at that level, or higher, in output. :)
i was 69 on the list and it says mine is shipping now. also got skanect license info.
fyi anxious folks... i was #82 starting friday 6/6. shipping was submitted on sat. for my sensor. it is scheduled to arrive via fedex ground, from indiana to los angeles on friday 6/13
getting worried that occipital isn't shipping today. i'm #13 on list, but it hasn't moved today..
hello;   i do not own an ipad air.  i figured that once the structure sensor shipped, i would look into getting one.  how much ram is needed on the ipad air to get the best results? will you be considering an android tablet to adapt the stucture sensor to once the backers have received their product?  android tablets are much less expensive than apple tablets.  and ram can be added after the fact.  thanks!
and by the way, i started asking long before shipping started.
@jenny, i was of course aware of it! i backed 160 projects, 90% of them international (mostly us projects, i'm canadian). but most of these creators have made some efforts to reduce those fees at a minimum to make user experience nice for every backer, including international ones. one of these is choosing usps to ship international. it is not an absolute garantee, but it can help a lot! choosing fedex, or even worse ups (which occipital did not) is a garantee that important fees and/or taxes will be charged.
i think the shipping countdown page is super-cool!
great update. if you've been such perfectionists on the actual product too, it's going to be fantastic! really can't wait!
i am, admittedly, not an international backer.  which means that i have never had to deal with the issue of duty taxes and things like that on shipments.  and i've always thought that it was a pretty crappy thing to have to deal with as i've watched international friends have to deal with it over the years.  but, occipital was pretty clear and straight-forward from the start that these were going to ship with the taxes/duty due.  it's been in their faq since september of last year. so, while i can empathize having to pay additional fees for the item, the product was backed with that information clearly stated. which means that it's not really fair to get upset with occipital for not deciding to change that now (especially after they've already started shipping and have backers that have paid their fees, since it would basically force occipital to refund that money to those people in order to avoid issues from that side of it). from the faq: how will duty and taxes work for international shipments? all international shipments will be sent with duty and taxes unpaid. once your reward is shipped you will receive a tracking number. please contact the shipper once you have that tracking number to find out the specific requirements of your country. in many cases, you can call the shipper and pay both duty and taxes over the phone prior to delivery. last updated: tue, sep 17 2013 5:19 pm pdt
as an international backer can you label the sensor as a reward when shipping to us? you can show the shipping charge on the shipping document and say the reward's value is $1 so it will pass the customs without any tax. because we are not purchasing a merchandise directly and there is no invoice either. it's a reward  for our backing your project.
except for the lack of flexibility on international shipping of course!
@lucy and @jenny - we'll be sending out a backer update soon with an update on shipping. hint: it's all good news. :)
any update here on shipping? mid june is next week and not heard anything yet on when it's shipping...
will we get a shipping notice when our sensor actually ships?  any figures on how many have actually shipped so far/how the timeline is looking to get everyone's sensors out by mid-june?  would also love to see some sample scans from folks that have already gotten theirs.
@suraj - soon after your sensor ships you will receive an email with your skanect license code. in the interim you can download the trial version from http://skanect.manctl.com/download/
you skipped my question @occipital. when can we expect to recieve the license for the software?
@john (and all other hacker kit backers) - back in november, we made the decision to include a lightning cable with all structure sensors (if you dig down through the comments, you'll see mention of this) - so don't worry, you'll get one with your structure sensor when it arrives!
i ordered a hacker kit, can i connect it to an ipad as there are no options for ordering an ipad cable?
now the the sensors are shipping, when can we expect to receive the skanect pro licenses?
@laurent - thanks for your excitement, and we look forward to getting your structure sensor to you soon!
@marie-andree - we’ve polled our canadian backers who have already received their structure sensors, and they have paid around cdn$55 in duties and fees.
i'm used to pledging on ks, but i'm also used to creators taking into account the "shipping realities" of their backers. occipital seems reluctant to do it!
so choosing usps instead of courriers have a huge impact for canadians (and mexicans too i think).
in canada, where there is free trade with the us, there is no customs fees. if usps is chosen instead of a courrier, there is normally no brokerage fees either. there could be taxes of up to 15%, but that is nothing compared to what courriers ask for.
well, when the device you funded on kickstarter exceeds 120€ (as i live in europe, it's the example i have), you have to get ready to pay custom and taxes, that's how it has worked for every kickstarter project or device i've ordered from the states. you'll get used to it. or you could get it shipped to a friend in the us that could then send it to you via the cheap way you found.
yep, and would be nice if occipital could address the international shipping related fees. don't want to end up with a $120-150 ransom (taxes, customs, brokerage fees) that i have to give to fedex, in excess to the $35 shipping fees i already paid!
hey ! just wanted to leave a comment as i received a mail last week, telling me i could update my shipping adress until may 27th... which is today. that is so cool ! i guess it means it is gonna be shipped soon. congratulations to occipital, it seems you're on the right path. i can't wait to receive a tracking number !
so, what about your research on shipping?
@dennis - the structure camera works with forge on android: see http://aboundlabs.com. the only limitation is that you can't capture color as it's solely a depth camera (unlike primesense or softkinetic rgbd cameras.)  forge is in beta testing and (fingers crossed) will be released soon.
hello,  i was hoping this device would work with android by the time it ships.  is anyone working on that?  i don't own any apple devices and am happy with android.  just hoping and wondering.  thanks!
@bouyssou - the structure sensor weighs 99.2 grams.
hi. quick question : what is the weight of the sensor ?
succeeding maybe :-)
ok @occipital thanks for trying very hard, and even more for successing :-)
i work in boulder at one of the national labs-- is there a stock of the sensors at your boulder office? is it possible to just swing by and pick up my sensor? i backed the hacker kit level.
@marie-andree - we're doing a little research on this. we'll report back when we learn more.
@sean and @mike - thanks! we're excited for both of you to get your structure sensors too.
@christos - we already have an existing stock of hacker cables that will allow us to begin shipping structure sensors this month. however, we need additional cables for every backer who is slated to receive one - hence the need to produce more on the schedule you mentioned below. in conjunction with our daily production of structure sensors, we’ll be shipping a steady stream of sensors along with their related accessories to backers in the timeframe we noted in yesterday's backer update. of course, the risk of additional delays for hacker cables and other components remain (@alex, hope that answers your question, too). as for autodesk, right now we're just teaming up with them, shapeways, and formlabs for the meetup tomorrow night - we haven't talked with them about any other collaborations yet.
so you are telling me that i will have to pay something like 120$ in taxes and brokerage fees in excess of the $35 i already paid for shipping,  because you use a courrier that make a living at taking packages hostages and charging recipients a ransom to get them back? please, i'm asking (even begging) you to use usps instead for shipping to canada! they do charge taxes, but not humongous brokerage fees like courriers do.
thanks for the update. excited to get my structure sensor and put it to use
thanks for the update. just a few questions: -if the hacker cables will start being manufactured in about 1 week, and assuming they will need 1 week for that and another to be shipped to the us, am i right to esxpect that no rewards that include them will be sent out before early june? -you mentioned you teamed up with autodesk. is there any software integration/tool we can expect from such a collaboration? thank you. looking forward to a great product
really good update. i want to congratulate you on both your comms and not slipping too far. this is really unusual for a hardware crowdfunded campaign. good job:-) and, congratulations to vikas. i feel glad that my backer money is getting me an awesome sensor and helping someone out on the long and happy path of true love:-)
nice updates........... delay again! can you or could you promise this would be the last time?
hello marie-andree - thanks for the compliment, we're glad you enjoyed this update. :) we use fedex for international shipments, and the package is labeled to note which items are included (for instance, the sensor, bracket, etc.). as we mentioned in the campaign’s faq, international shipments are sent with duty and taxes unpaid. a tracking number is provided when the shipment is sent so that international backers can arrange payment for any duty or taxes due prior to the structure sensor’s arrival.
ah, nice update! continue like that with a shorter delay between them :-) talking about a complex problem, what shipping service are you planning to use? how will you label it and declare it for custom? can i advise against courriers for international backers. taxes (difficult to avoid) and brokerage fees cost a fortune, unless paid in advance by the shipper.
@lucy - to update your address or other information anytime, please visit our pledge confirmation site at https://store.structure.io/backers/login. thanks!
to see our latest backer update, please click here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/occipital/structure-sensor-capture-the-world-in-3d/posts/835309 thanks!
my order says mid may. i'm moving and need to update my address. how do i do that? when is the scheduled delivery?
hi everyone!  we'll be launching a backer update within the next 24 hours.  getting structure sensors into your hands is a super complex process, and it takes some time to analyze the status since there are more than 300 components involved.  we wanted to make sure we had concrete, meaningful progress to report.  stay tuned for the update. ps, @robert - looking forward to see you at the pre-makerfaire meetup!
tomorrow is mid-may...i'd like to understand where the current shipping timelines are?
4-5 weeks between updates when you were in beta phase and now about to ship is clearly not enough!
they told me in a dm that they consider themselves pretty good and even better than most projects at doing updates ... the one they do are indeed quite good, but they don't do much don't they?
so how's that may delivery going? :-)
@ jenny   i plan on going to the sf event on friday and asking, but i was hoping that they'd be more communicative here on kickstarter where we funded them. if any update on status is given there i'll post it.
they're doing a demo in san francisco this friday evening.  i asked them if they were going to be at the actual maker faire this weekend, but they said only the friday night event.  unfortunately i already have plans on friday, otherwise i would have headed up there to get a hands on look at it.  though, some of the body scans people have posted from their other demo events have been pretty impressive, so i'm hoping that it will really be worth the wait.
as its mid may and we have heard nothing from occiptal or reports of received scanner they are behind schedule. its understandable that delays happen, but come on guys, let us know whats going on. communication is critical for businesses, and as your backers you should be updating at least once a month, something that's not happening here.
this is not exactly what the structure sensor does. the structure sensor is a depth senso that means that the sensor delivers a depth map from scene it is sensing and that with pretty good fps, doing 3d scanning with the structure sensor is just one way to use these depth maps. i think seene is more for scanning only like 123catch, very interesting that they got to run on an iphone, if it does not require any assistance from other computers this would be a big step forward but still would not deliver a live depthmap i think.
just read an article about an ios app seene that seems to do exactly what structure sensor does--without any hardware add-ons: http://thenextweb.com/creativity/2014/05/08/seene-previews-killer-360-degree-scanning-feature-3d-photo-sharing-app/…
occipital was here yesterday but didn't consider it was a good idea to post an update or comment. sad!
so, its may 9th. according to the last update early bird backers were supposed to start receiving their sensors. is the schedule still correct? given its been almost a month so far, some communication would be great....
missing in action? @occipital, do communicate!
i would like to add that we have early may and some shipments should actually start now...
i would appreciate an update confirming that the shipping dates are still valid. thanks!
yep, those guys are sparse communicators! hope it doesn't indicate the future level of customer service they will offer.
hopefully an update will be coming soon, its almost been a month since the last.
@sabine niewoehner - yes, thank you for the little review. very encouraging.
i think the sturcture sensor is perfect for scanning rooms but it would not get all the details such as detailed wood work and wires but if you want to capture the overall geometry of a room the sensore does that perfectly out of the box with currently available software and i am very confident they will be better once the projects that i have seen in the forums are finished. you could just walk around with the sensor and get the geometry you see without the need of walking extremely slow but too fast would not work, walking is perfectly ok. as long as you don't want to run through a room and then mill all walls for molds or something it should be fine. scan results always depend on the shape of the object but most furniture i tried had good results, i also was surprised how well the sensor works with hair.
nice little review sabine! nice to read all that. btw, i know it exists, i was just surprised that there were no comments on the beta units :-)
so, would you say that scanning rooms(interiors) for architectural purposes, is not one of the structure sensor's strengths? obviously as far as you can tell by using the current software available.
*argorithms = algorithms :d regarding the win8 tablet question: i haven't tried that yet but i don't see any reason against that, i use the sensor with skanect on my windows7 i3 laptop without gpu usage available and on a macbook air with an i7 and also without gpu available. on both computers skanect works fast enough with all options on high.
yes, they do exsist and they work good and fast. scanning with the ipad works pretty good and uplinkng to skanect works well too. i am very impressed with the sensors abillity to scan organic forms and materials, they do not work that good with shiny surfaces and more industiral forms and materials, this may improve with future updates to the firmware and improved fusion argorithms. you can say it is good for scanning people and clothes but it won't get you too good results when you try to scan something gold plated  or with too fine details, sharp edges also don't work good depending on the object. as far i see this noise is the biggest problem but that is not a problem the sensor is causing, the depthmaps are more clear than i had expected and precision is good too. i think that the noise is caused by fusing the different depthmaps and having duplicates of certain perspectives with different distances, this may be indeed an interesting problem to be solved. once the noise problem is solved in some way you can get very good and high resolution scans and i am very confident that this will be solved either by occipittal themselves or by some of the guys posting in the forums. scanning with the structure sensor is way faster than i thought, very good package overall.
well, is this thing really exist?
since = see :-)
would be nice to since a bit more comments/responses from the creator / beta testers in here! photos, videos, reviews, etc.
can i do mobile scanning just using a win8 tablet + skanect?
response in brief : nothing yet!
could you tell us what we can do with the ipad app without the structure sensor? want to be ready when i received the sensor in may-june!
anybody need another structure sensor right away ! i have put my first one up on ebay. as it is a waste too have it sitting around while i'm too busy to use it. i have not even had time to power it up. so maybe it can help me get some of my developer pledge money back. don't get me wrong i thing this thing is awesome but i have another one coming and i plan on using that one :)
chinese backer here. since manufactured in china, is it possible that my pre-order could be shipped via domestic express?
skanect 1.6 which support hacker cable structure sensor also release. when the backer can get the skanect pro licence code?
nice update - thanks.
i wish america had factories like china's..  we have work to do, yes?
to check out the latest news about the structure sensor, please take a look at our latest backer update here - thanks! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/occipital/structure-sensor-capture-the-world-in-3d/posts/806789
yes jenny, but we backed the project on kickstarter.com, not on twitter. one update/month is definitely not too much to ask. even if it brings further delays(call me a pessimist but i don't expect to get my early bird pledge before july - and i would be happy if it's then too).
they're pretty active on twitter.  they reply to everything i post to them there.
the voices shall grow louder until an update of some sort is made. we know you're working really hard to get this done, but without updates we all become impatient.
i just received 1 of my 2 sensors from the "dev. bundle"...  when can i get a licensed copy of skanect?
update us please! what were the results of the beta testing? what is the new planification? when will the early bird pledges be send? how are you going to manage shipping to avoid problems with customs, taxes and brokerage fees.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@occipital: when when will the "early bird", backer #481 ship to the netherlands?
indeed marie. and the update should state if the february pledges are still on track for delivery in 4-6 weeks, as per the last update schedule.
just received my first sensor #425. looks much better than i thought.  thanks for all the hard work occipital team!
@christos +1. an update a month keep the critics and anxious away!
it has now been one month since the last update. it's time for a new one...
@sreedhar - please take a look at our last backer update for the status of your pledge. thanks!
i am so excited :) i hope i get my first sensor out of customs on monday :) looking forward to finally get something scanned with my ipad :)
hi, how do i get to know my order status? any tracking info or such available? thx.
i know the structure sensor is capable of a lot more sophisticated stuff (which is why i pledged for it) but i quite liked their concept of using the depth information to support photoshopping the image. (well it may not be their concept but i hadn't read it elsewhere) i can't recall any discussion of that use case for the structure sensor. can you could do the same with the information generated by the structure sensor? i don't know whether there are already apps which would facilitate that or, alternatively, if lazeeeye get funding, whether their apps will be open enough to use with the structure sensor.
@richard looks like lazeeeye is more a concept than the real thing. personnaly, i'll wait for the structure sensor :-) by the way @occipital, i hope that the april update will be consistent! all that time passing and all those 3d projects make me nervous!
hi richard - thanks for bringing that to our attention. while the structure sensor is designed to work exceptionally well with compatible apple ipads (4th gen, air and mini with retina display), it can also work with any other ios device with a lightning connector. for instance, an iphone 5: https://www.youtube.com/watch… . in addition, we have a whole host of features that allow intrepid developers the ability to use the structure sensor on non-ios platforms - see our developers' page for more details: http://structure.io/developers . thanks, and we hope this helps!
could you comment on the lazeeeye kickstarter device (3d photography using a laser attachment to a smartphone) - specifically re their comments on the limitations if structure sensor.
any word on the skanect pro licenses for early <100 backers? or did i miss a communication along the way?
hi i'm just about to buy a tablet for my yet to come structure senrsor. has any beta tester tried it with the lenovo miix 2 10 ?
any chance in having the skanect software shipped out early as it can just be an emailed code.
my t-shirt arrived to uk and it looks cool. i cannot wait for the actual scanner.
as a < 101 beta backer and "very early streaming beta tester" - i can say the skanect pro + structure sensor streaming - beats the **** out of cubify sense!  there is absolutely no comparison! so guys this product rocks - despite the delays and long wait between updates :) i do wish there would be more "semi ready app's" but the skanect pro license/streaming feature makes up for it all. so be happy you are a backer - i am :)
for this interested in virtual reality and/or neuroscience, there is an interesting kickstarter closing soon - "the virtual giant walk through brain" at : www.kickstarter.com/projects/339549328/the-virtual-giant-walk-through-brain
nice little mention in 3d artist magazine, page 38.  i'm looking forward to getting my hands on one!
doing my best to be patient with production delays, in the mean time it would be very beneficial to understand the extent to which iphone 5s or 5c will be quasi-supported.  will there be any issues with parallax correction of color camera? i.e., is the issue at hand the alignment offered by the brackets?  the 5s has 8mp sensor vs. 5mp, not to mention larger pixel pitch on the 5s.  clarity on the practical and techincal differences would be much appreciated as we adapt to the new ship schedule.
@ian as you know, structure sensor does use a few primesense-designed components.  these components will not be available forever, but we’ve worked with primesense to ensure we’ll be able to keep shipping first-gen structure sensors well into the future.  our success is tied to making sure this is a great developer platform with awesome hardware.  components may change, but this mission will remain the same.
@richard i understand you point and appreciate you taking time to respond. strongly believe that it is about project manager's ability to deliver  on commitment rather than complexity of the project. have delivered complex it projects myself and never missed committed delivery date. it is pm's job to plan and give realistic estimates. not the ones they provided to get backers.    looking at how nov-dec became feb, became late may, and the fact i'm backer 19xx out of 3500, i think it is likely i would get my sensor close to september.  i hope at the least i would get notification that it was dispatched because it would be hard to know if it was lost or just never sent.
i need to retract that last comment, it looks as though they have provided revised estimates. disregard.
@richard, i understand how estimates work , however there is at this point enough information for revising the original dates. right now my issue is that i don't have any idea if i should expect the device in this quarter or next or further out. communication and expectation setting are good substitutes when wag estimates are put out there and then don't pan out.
old link. from 2012
i guess these guys are just so busy...partying at sxsw. erased blog link. https://twitter.com/occipital/status/168057742110621696
is there any news yet on the relationship with primesense? it would be a great shame for all the developers working with the structure sensor to find their hardware was no longer available due to the apple buy out of primesense.
@richard agreed, even though they could be a little bit more communicative and graphic (photos, videos) about their progress on hardware and software.
dammed spell correct - that should have been "impatient" not "patient" but my iphone knows better :(
@olga the dates given are always estimates (and described as such). kickstarter specifically says that complex technical projects are apt to be delayed. simple projects can run to schedule but complex development projects rarely deliver on time. it doesn't stop us being patient but their communication is fairly good and the forecast delays not too bad so this one is going pretty well to date. :)
very disappointed the committed delivery date has been missed. no clear indication when it actually going to be delivered. not a great first experience with kickstarter :(
@g morris structure sensor complete kit delivery early to late may according to update 13. i am guessing they post these updates so we don't have to ask.
when can we get skanect pro license?
beta tester can post unboxing video?
any idea when the structure sensor complete kit may ship?
just a quick note for those of you who may be going to sxsw. we've partnered with our friends at shapeways to let you get your very own 3d selfie! learn more here: http://www.shapeways.com/blog/archives/2461-visit-us-at-sxsw,-get-a-3d-selfie.html
i just looked through the updates, and one directed to beta backers has: skanect pro with structure sensor support is almost ready, but we need a little more time to finish the integration including the streaming feature. from what i read, the software should be ready anytime.
any word on the skanect pro software, one of the stretch goals, being available to backers to download yet? i remember getting an email a while ago saying that we'd be getting a link for it.
i would be interested after occipital has supplied several units to customers have there been any problems? have there been glitches that need repair? will hacker cables be supplied with the unit after they were paid for?
although i do agree with the comments but i'm not as one-sided. occipital probably does not want people to copy proprietary information before its its ready. just look how apple "copied" android on notifications & other tweaks. this is the main reason why there are no updates or nothing concrete. this can be ground-breaking when used correctly (like when apple released the iphone) so this is the fist product in a new category & will change it forever.
we are not the enemy, we are the ones who believe in you , to the tune of $1.3m. we know you are working hard on this but you may be loosing goodwill and you may be impacting peoples comfort with backing other kickstarter projects. you will not be heros if you say nothing more and then send out every sensor all at once a week late or a month late. the way to still be heros is to communicate and set our expectations, let us know what is going on. ballpark dates are fine , we just want to understand the challenge and feel involved.  right now it feels a little like we are bothering you.
@cpope, i agree fully. several of the people who backed this project have also backed projects like pirate 3d's buccaneer. they found out quickly that not keeping in contact with their supporters quickly caused online riots. it is understandable that delays happen in production, scope ceep happens, and a variety of other things happen during development. part of this whole kickstarter deal is that we get to feel like we're part of something great happening, rather than just buying it. i'm cool with delays provided that we know what progress & challenges occipital is facing on a regular basis. please make a point of updating regularly.
it migth be helpful to note what issues are currently present to soothe the savage beast that is this comment board. from our stance it looks like nothing because all the updates we get are "not yet "  and "we dont know when" type of answers with a lot of fluff in between. are you guys telling me  that with 10 times your funding goal ,that you cant pay some high school kid $50 a day/week to post some pics of you guys putting the units together, or some other sort of visual update, that would show us how hard you all are working on getting this stuff out? just a few thoughts. i believe everyone that ordered one deserves at least that much. btw why not ship allat the same time, as we have all waited so long already?
@micah - as stated previously "a fuller update will be posted soon once we can give dates which are more accurate."
sooooo...  are we going to get an updated eta for the rest of the rewards? i was one of the first 300 (before it was expanded to 600) early bird complete kit backers, and i have no idea when i might be able to expect the kit to come in beside probably not february 2014.
@christos - they are in the same field and we know each other.  we're all working incredibly hard trying to make the real world computationally interactive.  we're working on another status update once we can determine a few remaining details.  we're not sitting back -- while the 1-100 beta sensors were shipping, we've been working furiously on build the rest of the betas and transitioning into larger volume to ship the post-beta units.  one important thing to keep in mind is that speed is not constant -- as we manage to solve the hundreds of little issues that come up, things start to move faster and faster.  a fuller update will be posted soon once we can give dates which are more accurate.
@jeff - we haven't seen the specs on the tango prototype yet, but if they are released, you'd need to compare the depth resolutions to see which has a higher depth resolution.  the 4mp you're quoting is certainly not depth resolution, but is instead the color resolution.  comparing color resolution -- structure sensor uses the ipad's 5mp color camera for color (and will use whatever resolution is present in future ipads.)  it's also important to look at other factors like the range of the sensor and the software used.  most mobile computer vision applications today use far lower resolution (often vga) during active processing.
i'm with jeff... would like to hear a statement in regards to his question. please update the eta soon... thanks!!!
are you saying that you're working together with the project tango team or that they are working on the same field as you are..? moreover, it's time to update the timeline expectations. right now only 1-100 beta units have (just)shipped. there are still another 100 december beta units pending. after that you'll need no less than 3 months before you can ship the next batch -and i am probably being conservative.that's one months to see how the beta units work, another to manufacture the next batch and one more to ship them from the factory to you and for you to sort and ship them out to backers. this probably takes us to june(regarding the february backers). it's time to give us the new revision of the timeline... don't try to sugar-coat it. we're big boys(and girls), we can take a delay. just be honest.
am i right that tango is 5mp and structure is 0.3mp?? if so, structure has been leap frogged and obsolete before it is launched.  please correct me if i am wrong.  thanks
structure sensors are now reaching our beta 1-100 backers worldwide! thanks for all the great tweets! https://twitter.com/bjtitus/status/436305459130032128/photo/1 http://twitter.com/nickpagee/status/436639370188050432 https://twitter.com/ryan_mcintyre/status/436897770918539264/photo/1 https://twitter.com/crowtrees/status/436901778596954112/photo/1 https://twitter.com/yuujii/status/436867953720426496/photo/1
@marie and @william - we're glad to see the project has now been unveiled by johnny.  we’ve always thought that spatial computing is going to be huge in the future, and we’re happy that johnny & tango team have joined us in working to bring this technology to everyone.
outch! http://youtu.be/qe10exwzcqk
seems the prediction that these sensors would be in phones has come sooner rather than later.
#41 just arrived!!
@eric please send an email to kickstarter@occipital.com to receive your instructions for set up.
i have just received my beta sensor... number 92!  where do i download software to try this thing out?
we are formulating a new update currently and should have it out to you soon.
yes, please give us a little hint about the actually delay. specialy for the delivery in march ;-) thanks
good question @nathan. clearly, from the beta shipping vs estmated, there is a 1 1/2 month delay at least.
i noticed in the beta update you said "months before anyone else". so are we to understand, the february delivery date has been pushed out several months?  if so can we get a new eta?
any updates on the beta shipments? have they all left the building?
i have some ideas for the sensor which will require me to mount my ipad air onto a tripod. i would appreciate it if you could recommend some mounting solutions that will work with the ipad with your sensor attached. many units i have looked at will not work because the require a case to mount. i did find one from seasucker that uses vacuum cups that looks promising. open to an forum members suggestions also. thanks!
@occipital have you guys had a look at thre makevr kickstarter - it would be a good environment to import your scanned models into and work on them. maybe mention them in an update - it would be a shame if they didn't get funding.
@tim @matt and @kaz911 - the beta 1-100 units have reached our warehouse and will be shipping out to you next week. we'll also be sending a backer update soon to all beta 1-100 backers with more details on shipping, development and more. thanks!
hi, sorry to ask this, i need to change the reward items, to add another bracket for my new ipad air. how do i go about doing this? tried to find change my pledge, its non enabled. is there any special link that i need to request?
i don't mean to nag but i never got my tee shirt (size large). gordon
same question here - i'm a beta 1-100 backer - got the t-hsirt but no tracking number yet for the sensor?
i see from your twitter that people were receiving the sensor last week, yet mine still hasn't arrived. i also haven't received a tracking number or anything to say that my sensor has been dispatched. can you please confirm that it was sent out.
i'm one of the 100 beta backers.  when will we the first units ship?
backer update #11 is live and available here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/occipital/structure-sensor-capture-the-world-in-3d/posts/731139
hi marie-andree and christos - we're preparing another backer update as we speak with updates on beta and dev team bundle units. thanks!
you're due for an update(as promised) guys. people often translate tardiness as bad news and further delays...
so, update 10? :-)
@matt   as per update 10 there are just a few additional updates we need from our manufacturing and shipping partners before we have all the information we need to provide you with a detailed and accurate update. we plan to send another backer update later this week with this information. thank you for your patience and understanding during this time.
got my t-shirt today :) wearing it i can sense things in 3d.. how cool is that :)
i would still like an update about the schedule. i backed at the beta tier, and have not yet received the device. there have been reports of the device being in production with third parties. have you missed out all the beta backers or is it just me?
@richard thanks for your question. it sounds like you have a very cool application of the structure sensor in mind! we have recently done more tests regarding latency with our sensor. we'll assume you're working on a non-ios platform since this involved the oculus rift. the camera in the structure sensor has a rolling shutter, which is standard in consumer products. with every depth frame, we provide a timestamp of the start of frame -- that is, the time at which the very first data is read from the camera. the sensor needs to compute a depth image, transmit the depth image over usb, and do some post-processing on the host. the total latency, from capture to depth-frame-available-for-processing-on-the-host, is 38 milliseconds. with regards to the other latency, it will entirely depend on how you implement your system. if tracking hands like you describe, you'll have to consider the time it takes to process the depth data and retrieve the result. then, the hand tracking result would have to be parsed into commands for the robot manipulator, transmitted to the manipulator, and actually performed. at some point the hand tracking result would be presented as feedback to the oculus rift user. if you can figure out these numbers for your system, the addition of 38 ms from the structure sensor will give you and idea of the total latency in your system. for reference, the oculus rift demo you saw in our video was using software from 3gear systems to perform the hand tracking (www.threegear.com).
also - @aislefinder - note that the dates are 'estimated delivery' dates. this is not a shop - you are backing a project. most of the kickstarter tech projects involve slippages. kickstarter is an investment in a project and smart investors should do their homework before sinking their money.
great backer updates. thanks for the clarification on the isense, sounds like it will be great for everyone.
... and march 2014
@aislefinder shipping is for feb 2014 and 2014, so your first argument for a refund is not right. refund can take place when a project is very very late, if it's a scam, or if the attributes changed significally after the campaign end. and even then!
how can i back out? my device was supposed to ship already, which is why i backed it? now the goalpost has moved, and i have staff that have been gearing up, but no device to use. i really like this product and the company that make it ,but i have to move on. im not sure if others feel the same way... but this is how i feel.
i am trying to understand the latency involved in streaming scanned nodes from sensor to ipad/pc. the question was asked earlier (by don) but was only partly answered. one demo showed hand motion being scanned to an oculus rift. i know this is not currently your focus but i am interested in the feasibility of using a structure sensor to control a remote manipulator by streaming the movement of the operator's hand as they manipulate a virtual object model (visible in their oculus) - with the movements being mirrored by a remote manipulator manipulating a real object. the operator's hand would not be visible on the oculus - they would see a virtual model of the manipulator - the two models would probably overlay an image of the real object and manipulator.
nice update. thanks :-)
@matt we'll be posting another backer update this week - thanks for your patience!
i'd also like a status update. as a beta backer, we were supposed to receive the devices in december. in your update you mentioned that we were a month behind schedule. is that still the case? can we expect delivery this month?
@tyler  if you’d like a sneak peek at skanect, you can always download a free evaluation copy from www.skanect.com. after you receive your pro license, you’ll be able to unlock new features that are unavailable with your evaluation copy.
@marie-andree thanks for your requests for more backer updates. as we've done in the past, we'll be continuing to post updates on a monthly or bi-monthly basis. we try to make each update full of interesting and helpful information as you await the arrival of your sensor, so they may not be as frequent as those from other projects you have backed - but we hope they'll always be better. if you've got any questions in between our updates, feel free to email us anytime.
for a project that's supposed to start delivery in february, udpates are not very frequent. last one was 25 days ago! update please!!!
@tyler update 7 states that you will receive your licence for skanect pro at the same time that your structure sensor ships.
i never received skanect pro. is this something i should already of received? i pledged for complete which i believe would have left me eligable for the skanect. and another question. models i make, are they compatible with makerbot replicator 3d printer? been searching for a good 3d printer with balance of price, functionality, user interface, and general ease of use.
congratulations. but i hope that the software will be another one, as the sense scanner. could you give some updates about the shipment for the backers? is it still +1 month later?
congrats on the deal with 3d systems. but unfortunately their software sucks. i have their current usb sensor and it is absolutely worthless. i hope the occipital software will be better.
the verge : http://mobile.theverge.com/2014/1/9/5292814/hands-on-structure-sensor-ipad-mounted-augmented-reality-scanner
@eric thanks for watching out for us.
thanks for the post occipital.. i saw the ces news and was getting really annoyed that someone had made an nearly identical "knock off" product to the one you guys have been working so hard on.. lol.. and yes thats great news .. (plus glad to hear someone isn't stepping on your turf) ..
that should definitely be an official update guys!
today we're announcing a partnership with 3d systems (as a couple of you just noticed)!  the 3d systems isense is created by occipital, and shares function and design with the structure sensor.  for 3d systems customers, the isense will be a familiar brand and will be supported by 3d systems apps.  since it's powered by structure sensor, it will also be compatible with all structure sensor apps, and vice versa.  this is awesome news for everyone (both early adopters and developers) because it means there will be soon be more apps and more structure-compatible sensors out in the world!  other than the new availability of isense, everything else is still the same.  structure sensor remains available for pre-order! all kickstarter structure sensors will be delivered well before isense units, and the structure sensor and structure sdk are on track!
any schedule for release the app in ios app store?because start from feb 1, all apps submit to ios app store need to optimise to ios 7.
check out the ces stream from 3d. about 24 minutes in he shows it. sub $500. http://www.3dsystems.com/ces/reveal it looks like one of the silver prototypes.
do you mean that : http://cubify.com/sense/ (cubify is now 3ds) ? seems quite different (except that it is mobile and for home use) and windows only.
@jonathan do you have a reference on this? don't see it yet on their site.
news please! good of bad!
3d systems at ces just announced an isense scanner for the ipad that looks very much like the structure sensor. any relation?
since first shipping is getting close, an update would be nice.
i just found the  pledge confirmation email in my inbox. no need to resend it. thank you again
could u please sent me the confirmation. thank you
hi xgear - thanks for your comment! in fact, the ipad 4th generation is different from the 3rd generation in that it has the faster a6x processor, and more importantly, the lightning connector. because the 3rd generation still uses the old 30-pin connector, it is not compatible with the structure sensor.
the ipad 3 & 4 are the same, is this compatible with the ipad 3?
hyo seok - if you still have not received your email confirmation to our pledge confirmation website, please send us a private message via kickstarter's messaging system and we will provide your invite link directly. thanks!
axel - by now, you should have received your email invitation to our backer pledge confirmation website. at this website, you can add the $30 for the usb hacker cable. if you have not yet received your email invitation, please message us through the kickstarter private messaging system. thanks!
pixel potato - please check your kickstarter inbox. we tried sending the email to the address you provided twice, but it looks like both times it got caught in your spam filter. we have sent your link to you directly through the kickstarter message system. thanks!
hi, still no confirmation email ... why ?
i was wondering, in the future (distant; 1+ years), are you planning to offer bulk purchases?  i know certain industries that might be able to implement this in a big way and i was wondering if you were planning on allowing bulk orders with minimum quantity discounts?  if so, what do you have as a production capacity goal by january 2015?  also, since six sense was bought by apple, do you think that they will start charging higher licensing fees for their technology?  are you planning on developing any proprietary technology to avoid fees in the future?  sorry for all the questions, just super excited about this and all the potential applications!
how do i add $30 for a hacker cable? i don't see the "manage pledge" button anywhere, now that the funding period has ended?
haven't received any mail from kickstarter@occipital.com confirmation mail. plz send me again.
has anyone have a design for a bracket for the sony xperia z tablet? are there already any apps for android?
robert, sergio and matt - please read our latest backer-only update, which includes information on ship dates for beta sensors and dev team bundles. thank you for your patience!
hi i have the dev team bundle on order, but i am not sure still when it will ship.  maybe the info is elsewhere but could we get a statement?  the traffic light thing is ok but not 100% clear. robert.
i would really need an estimate on when the beta edition will ship. is it possible to have an update on the current manufacturing status? thanks!
any word on shipment dates for international beta testers? we are getting awfully close to the cutoff for delivery to the uk before the new year.
thx a lot. a free lightning cable is awesome! can't wait to catch the world in 3d!
mark and quinn - thanks for your comments about the free lightning cable that is now included with all kickstarter orders. this does not make all pledge levels the same. here is what each kit now includes: hacker kit - sensor, usb hacker cable, lightning cable, open source drivers, cad to design your own attachment bracket, charger; ipad kit - sensor, lightning cable, precision ipad attachment bracket, charger; complete kit - all of the above. here is what each kit does not include: hacker kit - does not include the precision ipad attachment bracket; ipad kit - does not include the usb hacker cable. complete kit - again, this includes all of the above. i hope this helps clarify the free lightning cable.
reading that the lightning cable will be included with all kickstarter sensor boxes leaves some questions open. doesn't that flatten all the pledge levels from $329-379, including early birds? can someone explain the incentive of $329 < pledge <= $379 in this case, excluding delivery dates?
are you including a hacker cable with those that chose the lightning cable or should i go back and change my selection to hacker cable so i can get the lightning for free?
will the ipad brackets worth with a smart cover? do you have any plans for a full case that will allow the sensor to be attached or a quick release system for a full case?
... form factor ... generations
@mirela ipad air a test? don't think so. it will the future form format for at least the next 2 generation of ipad, probably more.
*all that arised while answering the survey to indicate my model!
i hope someone could help me with the ipad choice. i have one now but it is an old one. i will buy a new one once i get the structure sensor. i am not sure if should get the ipad 4 or the ipad air. do you think the ipad air will be the future model? wondering if the other one will eventually get discontinued... or also if the air is a test. did anyone understood my concern? :) want to chose the model that i know will go on so i can use for long time my occipital even if i buy more modern ipads models in the future. would be nice if we could have adaptors in the future too!
i am very "green" to this and very ignorant.  i just filled out my structure sensor pledge and added a usb hacker cable.  i picked the ipad air bracket for now.  i do not own any ipad's at this time.  i am one that will not be "hacking" into anything.  but i was hoping that someone would make a hacked version for an android device and thought the hacker cable would be required.  if someone does make an android device usable on the structure sensor, will the backers be able to purchase whatever is needed from them to be able to use this on an android device?  or is this a crazy idea?  should i just plan on purchasing an ipad air?  any comments or suggestions are welcome.  thanks!
stefan - good news - we've decided to include a lightning cable in every kickstarter sensor box, including hacker kits, even if you didn't add an ipad bracket.  so, no upgrade is needed, you'll receive the lightning cable when your sensor ships!
i've choosed the hacker kit but need a lightning cable too! but i can only choose the hacker cable add-on, what can i do???
felix - the site to collect shipping address is finally finished and has been sent to a very small number of backers for early testing.  it took us a bit longer, but the site is fantastic and we hope you enjoy using it.  you should get an email about it in the next 1-2 days.  we'll also post a backer update.
matt - the laser machine is by rofin.  it is amazing -- and very expensive.  right now we're borrowing it for testing but it's quite nice and i expect we'll purchase it.
mike - thanks for your support!  you're awesome.
i remember that i have got a email says i would got an email to collect my shipping address in a few days. but now, i am still waiting for that email to collect my address.
@occipital that laser marker in the video is a thing of beauty! do you mind me asking where you got it from (and the sort of price they cost)?
according to google, tim cook's email is tcook@apple.com i'm going to try this rather than the apple feedback forms.
@occipital thanks for being so engaged in the comments, i wish every project i backed was so! fingers crossed for the apple/primesense deal working out for you guys, and the rest of the folks below who immediately realised the potential of this device and started building business plans around it. i'm going to email both companies now to support you.
pradeep - we're in the final stages of perfecting the secure pledge confirmation site.  we will be sending out initial tests tomorrow to a subset of backers, and the rest within the next couple of days.  thanks for checking in, and for waiting a couple more days.
i'm afraid apple will lock down the primesence ip and not allow anyone else to use as they will now make it there discovery and will not be android compatible. i plan to use this on android but feel this take over is going to limit your ability to distribute your product.
i certainly hope you have a legally binding  "supply agreement" with primesense, especially critical, since no other supplier exists for your device?  if you do, then no worries, we are all happy campers.  if you don't, shame on you, all your fantastic work for nothing.  have you protected any ip that might be of interest to apple?
haven't received any mail from kickstarter@occipital.com regarding the secure website for order details. is it delayed?
if apple & primesense were smart, they would make structure the de facto standard platform for developers to build 3d apps. with over 3,000 paid backers in a just a few months, occipital has obviously figured out how to reach a mass market of developers faster than primesense could alone. i will help spread the news that this nascent platform has outstanding potential for apple devices. on a similar note, my company and many others in this space are relying on the structure/primesense as a crucial part of our business model. so much so that we will need to buy a bulk order. i saw on store.structure.io that there are 220 units left for pre-order. is this there any chance that occipital will be ordering more primesense parts while they still can if the pre-order units get sold out?
hello andrew, thanks for your question. it's certainly possible to use the structure sensor with an iphone 5 (preferably a 5s due to its better chip), as we have shown here: http://www.youtube.com/watch… that being said, we suggest that you use the structure sensor with the new apple ipad mini with retina display, given its superior a7 chip, which offers levels of speed and performance that will let you get the most out of the structure sensor. in addition, we will not be offering an attachment bracket for the iphone 5. however, you can download our starter cad at http://structure.io/static/occipital/downloads/structure_sensor_starter_cad.zip to create your own attachment bracket. thanks!
do you think i could get away with a iphone 5 for this? or should i grab a ipad mini on black friday? or best to wait to make sure apple doesn't make any moves? thanks!
part of me wants to say " yeah apple is going to be really excited about helping you" the other part of me realizes that probably isn't true. hopefully you have patented something apple might need. i backed this project so obviously i really really want it to be successful, but it's not looking great at the moment. maybe you can change courses with another company?
thanks for the question about the apple acquisition of primesense.  this is a great question, and we’re trying to get more information ourselves. the good news is that all of our kickstarter backers and pre-order customers from http://store.structure.io have nothing to worry about.  we’ve already ordered everything that is necessary to deliver your sensors and we don’t foresee any problems in delivering them.  in fact, we’ve just finished the first prototype sensors.  have a look at prototype 037 being laser-etched here: http://youtu.be/8imotdqbzay but what about post-kickstarter?  the structure sensor is just getting off the ground.  with the help of our backers, we’ve created the easiest and most intuitive way to capture objects and digitally interact with the world in 3d.  we hope that primesense and apple are excited about the future of the structure sensor and spatial computing on mobile devices, and that they will not prevent us from delivering hundreds of thousands, hopefully millions, of structure sensors to the world. if you have friends that work at either of these companies, tell them how excited you are about the structure sensor, and how you want to see it continue to develop for years to come.  every little bit helps!
... i think we all would like to know where this leaves us.
i second that question from tyson. will the apple acquisition of prime sense effect your ability to deliver your product?
just saw the news that primesense has been purchased by apple. is this going to affect your ability to purchase the parts, license any necessary software and/or patents that you need to assemble your sensors and bring them to market?
no worries.  thanks for the quick response.
@jeff - we're in the final stages of preparing the secure website for finalizing your pledge. we plan on sending out notification emails by the end of this week. thanks for your patience!
has the secure website for order details been launched yet.  i have not received anything from kickstarter@occipital.com yet.  i checked all my inboxes and spam folders.
once primesense is acquired by apple will this have any impact on the structure sensor's future?
@dennis .. thats what the "structure sensor hacker kit" was for .. android devices.. (and other)
hello, i know that only the ipad was the planned device to use.  however, is there a possibility that an android device may be part of the plan also?  i personally don't own any apple devices.  they are too expensive and too limiting.  as an example, a tablet can be purchased for android devices that will allow the purchaser to add more memory if needed.  it is my understanding that this is not possible with an ipad.  maybe there are other reasons only the ipad can be used? thanks for your consideration.
hi guys you talks about multi-sensor implemented in the sdk. what it is our roadmap for that feature ? how you plan to fuse the different point cloud ? how will you manage the interference between the different sensor ? we develop application with multiple sensor. for now we use kinect but is not enough accurate and faster. we can't wait to receive yours strcture sensors. thanks in advance
jesse - we're not sure, but it seems like a natural step forward and the devices are certainly more than capable of it.
do you know if ios will support webgl anytime soon?
evgeny - we've sent you a separate message so we can better understand how you're going to use skanect pro, and help you out if we can.  thanks!
by the way, trying kinekt - can not wait when you can do without a lot of wires. and skanekta a thought: scan on the flatbed and then recognize at the hospital. ie that there was no need to lug a laptop to scan the place. it will be very convenient.
that's too bad! i now have to learn to work with skanekt. you need to roll experience. i have to use the initial kinekt and trial version skanekta. but! a trial do not allow the normal export. limited number of planes. it is asking you to consider the question of whether to provide skanekt early. 'm really need. buy a license now - so just throw $ 130. and extra we do not have. or just wait ... and work to do now. thank you in advance!
joe - we just announced that a secure website to enter your backer details like shipping address and pledge options will be launched sometime next week.  sit tight for just a few more days!
franck - yes - skanect will run on windows 8 tablets as long as they are running full windows 8 and not windows 8 rt.
evgeny, miquel - we just launched a backer update with some details about skanect pro licenses.  in short, we'll be shipping them at the same time as sensors ship.  in the meantime, you can already use skanect's free edition to get started.
i would also love to have the skanect pro license as soon as possible. could you guys please give us a time estimation? thanks in advance!
skanect really need...
well done for the stretch goal. is skanect pro able to work on windows 8 tablets ?
is very necessary to do tests with x-box kinect. please tell me when it will be issued a license to scanect?
regarding which bracket (and other order details), is there an expected contact date or go-live date for a backer login page?  thanks very much.
well done on getting to such a massive total. top job! i think each and every contributor must be impressed and can't wait to get our hands on their very own sensor. didn't spot that last minute change coming back on at $359, but hey, cè la vie!
mike and ruud - thanks for the congratulations!
evgeny - thank you for your support! to answer your questions: your pledge amount has been paid through amazon payments today. as you pledged at the $950 dev team bundle level, your sensors will be shipped in december. we will be announcing details about the skanect pro licenses from the stretch goal soon - please keep reading our backer updates for details about this when they are made available. thanks!
hi craig - please send us a private message through kickstarter so we can take care of this for you. thanks!
congrats on your campaign. i originally selected the $379 tier, but switched to the $359 "early bird complete kit: receive the same items as the $379" tier when you made that available. problem is, i was still billed for $379. how can i get this fixed?
congratulations. i can't wait start using it.
great to have you come out! and all the same two questions: 1. when will withdraw money from the map? and i'm worried suddenly something happen and i don't get the device. 2. when you give license to scanect pro? and then i do with him trying to work, but with the licensed version i think it is better to go. ps by the way, i take two sensors. the license will also be two? just withdrew money! good luck to you!
well done, so excited for you.
and - we’re closed.  thank you all!  it has been an incredible campaign that really exceeded our expectations, thanks to you.  for everyone who will be receiving a sensor, we can’t wait to see how you use them.  this is just the beginning.  get ready for new and improved apps (many created by some of you!), awesome hardware hacks, and just generally changing the world with 3d sensing and spatial computing.
will use it with my new ipad air!
congrats!
@occipital: congratulations! can't wait to get my hands on it. in the mean time i'd like to play with the xbox-sensor on skanect pro instead of the free version. when will you send the pro license? soon or on delivery date?
got it. i add additional  $30 for complete kit
chin - you will need our usb hacker cable, as it has a special termination on the end that connects to the structure sensor.
normal usb cable can connect the structure sensor to pc or android device?
federico - if you would like to add $30 to upgrade to a complete kit, click the "manage my pledge" button and add $30 to your pledge. then, send us a message to let us know and we'll make sure we change your reward to the complete kit.
how could i pledge just 30 dollars?
@creator what is the minimum recommended ipad model in terms of needed capacity to store scans? for example if we would scan a couple of objects and a large room, how much space will be needed?
@raul send the creators a message directly.
i backed the early bird and pledged added $30 so that i would get both cables. what is need to do to make sure i get both cables?
very excited to be a part of this amazing campaign! congratulations on blowing past all of your goals, enjoy your much deserved rest.
teru - no more stretch goals planned for the campaign.  we're going to get a bit of rest in the last 12 hours. :-)
will there be another late stretch goal?
thanks the other marie, i was feeling pretty stupid!
@marie ks doesn't allows you to remove a post
opps posted twice...just shows how proud i am...ha! it shows i don't know how to remove a post :)
well done occipital! congratulations!
well done occipital! congratulations!
yes!! a big thumbs up to everyone!
woohoo!  so happy to be a backer on this, and huge congrats to occipital!
occipital - yes, i'll stay on my pledge. we'll done guys! great!!! but... i have to wait till february....    argh!!!
steve - we've taken note.  after the campaign ends, you'll see the cable added in a follow-up confirmation.  thanks!
occipital. so i backed the early bird and pledged the extra $30 but never got confirmation that i would get both cables. what do i need to do to ensure i get both?
just backed and it's now gone over $1.25 million.
$1,250,000 -- we made it!  thanks for everyone's support to get over the goal.  free skanect pro for every backer $329 or above!!
yesss!!!
pmtheone - some backers who got the early bird special for $329 have asked to add $30 to get the usb hacker cable too.  but we can only offer the early bird special to a limited number of backers -- keep an eye out because sometimes one opens up, but otherwise you would want to stay with the $379 complete kit.
occipital - i do not understand the 330 pledge. i selected the 379 but it seems like if a pledge the 330 + 30 i got the same at the same date. is it right?
osman - you'll be able to pick one of the two brackets, but not both!  we'll work to provide a way for you to order a second one if you wish soon after the campaign, though.
congrats occipital and all the backers! it is the 6th most pledged tech project on kickstarter anyway. i'm especially proud to support the manctl guys and the skannect project.
come on! come on! just a little step and we got it!!
please note, if you want to "change your pledge amount, enter a new amount." do not add the additional amount or it will change/lower your total pledge to a lower amount which might explain for all the "bouncing up and down."
yeah, it's bouncing up and down. :(  at one point it was only $200 away, now it's over $1k away again.
beware of last minutes confusion... i just saw the number decrease :s
so close!  love watching it inch closer and closer!
just for the fun of it ;)  comment # 300
@occipital are we getting the two brackets ipad air & the mini retina ?
just a few hundreds away :) ... bravo occipital community
sold!
nevermind, just noticed that the $30 mentioned below was for that cable.  just added that amount on. :)
so, if we're in at the $329 early bird, how much more would it cost for just the cable to be able to charge it via usb?
@marie the cable allows to connect the structure to a pc with skanect pro and scan from there with more options compared to the demo app on ipad
marie-andree - for ipad users, the hacker cable is not necessary but it will allow some extra features.  for one, you can use it to charge your sensor via usb instead of via the included ac adapter.  this might come in handy for traveling.  it will also allow you to use the sensor with non-ipad devices such as windows or mac computers (but you can still use he wifi streaming feature we showed in the 2nd to last backer update without the hacker cable).
@occipital could you explain what the hacker cable can allow for a not that techie ipad user?
stefan - correct! you'll need the cable to plug in via usb to skanect (in addition to via wifi from ipad).  we definitely think the hacker cable is a cool upgrade and recommend adding $30 to get it.
every time i look at the structure sensor, i think of the nokia n8. its the n8's top =) i'm mainly looking at the object scanning feature. can't wait to get my hands on it.
well, it's a given. we need about 4 more backers. congratulations once more. please continue to work on the software aspect of the project in order to deliver a user experience, as polished as possible.
great work occipital team...closing in!
if we all chip in ~$4 we all get scannect pro!!
okay thanks. but i think streaming via wlan is too slow. if i want to use my sensor via usb and the skanect software i need this usb hacker cable, right? otherwise it won't work, so that's what i think?! wanna push my pledge a little bit ;-)
mark - thanks!  we're hoping people will spot that opportunity here in the comments. since we just sent a backer update this morning, we don't want to spam too many mailboxes.
stefan - no need to upgrade, the streaming feature will work without the hacker cable!
like @jeff zipfel, i just added $30 to my $329 pledge for both the hacker & lightning connector. figured any little bit closer to the stretch goal will help! maybe it's a good idea to alert the masses to get more in on the opportunity!
is it right, that the streaming function only works with the hacker kit?  i only choose the early bird pledge, so it does'nt work, or? if thats right i will upgrade my pledge to 349$!
jeff - if you'd like to upgrade, just add $30 to your earlybird pledge, and you'll get both the bracket and usb hacker cable. thanks!
i've blogged, i've tweeted. good luck, this is one of those game changer products and my robot and i can't wait to get going with ours.
just pledged for a spot in early bird special+30 for the usb cable. it is now only 15k for almost 24 hours to get to the 1.25m. we should probably make it.
ok, i must really be an idiot.  i am a $329 early backer, but i would like the cable and new ipad bracket.  do i add that now (if so how), do i simply state my intent here, or do i wait until i get a final email regarding my product.  sorry.
kutub - ipad mini 1 will connect to the structure sensor and stream data, but be aware that the a5 cpu is a lot slower than the ipad mini retina's a7 cpu.
we're here!  just launched a backer update and we're doing our best to get the word out so we can cross 1,250,000. we're not planning to announce any last-minute add-ons, but we'll make sure people who need extra ipad brackets will have a way to get them in time for shipping. kutub - which ipad do you mean by i ipad?  check campaign page under "is my ipad supported" for the currently supported ipad models.
any chance to use this with mini ipad
any chance to use this within i ipad ??
a final push is needed by you guys to reach the 1.25 m stretch... re marie : @ occipital your live presence is important for fast actions during theese final hours
22k in 24 hours?
occipital. you should be here!
so add-ons in addition to t-shirt?
@occipital , i did not change the pledge it is still the early bird + 30$ for the complete kit ... kindly keep note thanks.   i will work with the sensor using my android tablets ( azus prime & samsung 10.1) but i am interested in getting the two versions of the ipad brackets if you have them please advise the amount to add to my pledge... i was a bit busy and did not follow up the last two days
the last 48 hours should provide a nice bump in pledges. $1 250 000 is realistic.
evgeny - sorry for the delay on the skanect forum.  the guys at occipital who build skanect are currently showing off some structure sensors in berlin at techcrunch disrupt, and the rest of us are busy preparing for the end of kickstarter and working full-speed to deliver sensors!  we'll ask them to get back to you as soon as they get a break from berlin.  however, fps improvements are coming to skanect in the next beta!
skanect developers are whether there is a wonderful program? i'm on their forum for 5 days waiting for an answer. we have just started working through the x-box. but it is something very much slow. i7 allows for all in high quality - 1.5-2.5 frame. in the medium and low - about 5-6. i understand the sensor and skanect cooperate. ask for help on the forum skanect. topic slow fps. thank you in advance (if english was strange - it's google fault :))
making a late partner reward with a later delivery  might help get things moving faster toward the goal anybody else like this idea
also in favor of big discount on skanect pro if we don't hit $1.25m.
really excited to see where the product goes with advances in motion co-processing and photogrammetric technologies (think 123dcatch). i can't weigh in on brackets since i have yet to purchase the ipad air (or mini) but it would be awesome to have a voucher or deep discount for skanect pro if the campaign falls just shy of the $1.25m goal. thanks for bringing an interesting product to market.
just added 20,0 to my pledge for the t-shirt 20,- for skanect pro is a good deal ...  if more pledgers do this it will help to receive last stretch goal ;)
oh disregard the usb cable question, i only just now saw osman answer from occipital  bout adding $30 and sending a message..
ok to be clear the "stream feature" makes needing a usb cable irrelevant (assuming we hit the stretch goal) in scan connect pro.. maybe i missed it but is the usb available as an "add on" if we elected to get the ipad option? .. while the ipad would be my primary use i think having the usb cable might be nice for some applications.. is there any differences with using the streaming feature vs a direct usb connection with scanconnect pro? .. or is it the same?
@creator i am interested in adding a 2nd bracket to my pledge, as long as the extra bracket is priced reasonably.
when will the sensor be available to the general population in significant numbers? what will be   us retail sale price  of the sensor ? any discounts on pricing for large group purchase?
renato - we think that ipad-only scanning will still be excellent and will keep getting better over time, but while better ipad apps are in development, using skanect pro will allow potentially better quality by using the sheer force of lots of laptop memory & gpu.  in our current tests, we're able to get slightly better quality using skanect pro than ipad alone (but again, both mobile scanning and pc scanning will improve over time.)
mmmmey. not very interested in a second bracket since i will sell my ipad (3 that is) in the following weeks after getting a new ipad air.
will it be possible to scan with an ipad and to make a high detail reconstruction in skanect pro on a better pc? i mean will there be any advantage if a better cpu/gpu are used for reconstruction in terms of surface quality? i believe many of us would be interested in a bracket with high detail scanning lenses as a pledge upgrade, even if delivered at a later time.
question for all:  is anyone else interested in adding a second ipad bracket to their pledge? for example, you could get an ipad 4 bracket as well as an ipad air bracket, or ipad mini retina bracket. we are considering whether to make this option available before the campaign ends.  thanks!
lancelot - love it!  us too (of course).
americo - 1) we wish to enable everyone to develop freely because we believe that innovation is best when not hampered, so we have no plans to block any developers from launching their ideas.  the best way to succeed is to launch first and to keep updating to stay ahead!  2) digital formats of export are extremely flexible.  we already allow obj, stl, and ply in the object capture demo app, but since source code is available for this app, it will be easy for others to extend this to other formats (and if developers send us their code for other formats and give us permission to use it, we might even update the sample app with new formats thanks to the developer community!).
kaz911, marie-andree - we are thinking about adding a pledge upgrade option to receive two brackets (one ipad 4, one for a future ipad), but we haven't released details yet. is anyone else interested in adding a second bracket to their pledge?
chin - using with usb hacker cable to a pc versus ipad are quite different because the os is very different.  in the case of a pc, you would probably want to use an app such as skanect or skanect pro (if we reach $1.25m, every backer gets a copy of skanect pro for free!).  the ios demo apps will not be available on pc.  for the camera alignment, you are not required to align a pc camera, but what this means is that you will not be able to capture color scans (only 3d geometry).  it would be possible to align a pc camera with the structure sensor to add color, but this would involve some extra work on your side.
paul - the object scanner demo app will have source code available, but it will be designed to work on top of the structure sdk for ios.  for non-ios users, the good news is that on other platforms including linux and android, the structure sensor will support the popular openni framework: http://www.openni.org -- check out the openni site for existing tools and apps based on openni.
evgeniy - external ir light won't help in depth sensing (in fact, too much external ir could even interfere if too bright), but it will help if you want to use the ir camera feature.  (for example, you could use a bright ir light and see clearly in the dark, via the structure sensor's ir display.)
osman - no problem, we can make sure you get a complete kit if you pledge $359.  by the way, right now there are 2 early bird complete kits available, so you might want to just change to that!  if not, please add $30 and send us a message so we remember to complete your upgrade.  however, regarding the ipad 3 with 30-pin connector, unfortunately we can't support the 30-pin connector (even via adapter) because it cannot achieve the same accessory communication speeds.  so, you might want to consider waiting to get a structure sensor until you decide if you want to get a new ipad.
@occipital i have an ipad 3 with the retina display but the old connector ( not the lightning one ) is their an adapter that would make the structure sensor work with it?
hello i managed to grab an early bird and i added 30$ for the complete kit is this feasible ? please advise thank you
@occipital what benefit can we take from external ir light?
@kaz911 that's a good idea, having 2 brackets. i will be on ipad4 for some time before upgrading to air.
i will definitely get an ipad air for this cool stuff ^_^
this is looking more and more like and apple only product.... (o_o) i intend to use this product on linux and android, but am becoming more and more concerned that these platforms will either have an inferior driver or will be dropped in the future. will the "the object scanner demo app" either be open source or is there a linux / android port?
how about adding a pledge "upgrade" so people could get both ipad 4 and ipad air/ipad mini brackets? (like add $xx for 1 extra bracket or $xxx to your pledge to get all brackets)
@occipital very nice update (hipipip hourra for ipad air support). have you considered adding other add-ons? i would consider pledging a little more, but not for a t-shirt.
1)is it any differ using the structure sensor with hacker cable in pc than using  in ipad?previous you did mention object scanner and room capture demo apps need to use ipad camera. if use in pc, mean this two demo apps also need to use the pc build in camera ?
hi guys, i have a couple of questions ; 1. how does occipital protect first developers of specific utility apps, will occipital help those who develop first, by not allowing those with competing apps utilization of  same 3d structure sensor? would a utility patent be the only way to protect against competing users? 2. can 3d digital capture be exported in any format desired ? thank you some much for your answers.
denny, peter - object size depends on what scanning app you're using with the structure sensor, so there is no one-size-fits-all answer.  however, using the object scanner demo app that comes with the sensor, right now we find it works best for objects from about the size of a small shoe to the size of a couch.  check out the scans posted in our previous backer update: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/occipital/structure-sensor-capture-the-world-in-3d/posts/624841  future apps will probably allow you to scan objects that are somewhat smaller.  for objects around 10 centimeters or less, you might want to check out a line-laser type scanner such as the david 3d scanner: http://www.david-3d.com
so glad you guys hit $1 million.  simply an awesome idea: i did all the share stuff at http://structure.io/sharenews, thanks! also there is some discussion at this thread.  a few backers posting there:  http://3dprintboard.com/showthread.php…
@occipital: please reply question about smallest object can be scanned in 3d and what is about the resolution ? is it good to print? thanks
marie-andree - please check out the latest backer update!
+1 for higher resolution camera
hey @occipital, if you are still planning a stretch goal, now would be the time!
like denny just asked, i also would like to know how small of an object and detailed the sensor can catch. i would like to use this in conjunction with a 3d printer to replicate small things.
@evgeny you are correct, cards will be charged on nov 1, 2013. ps. i'm from spb and if you want you can call me in skype "tridens_zulu"
please tell me where the money will be withdrawn? i first used on http://www.kickstarter.com/ and do not fully understand the procedure. i was checking through the amazon, has introduced a card - but the money is not removed. will be charged on the 1st of november? t. f at this point on the map must be the money?
and my other question about camera resolution 640x480 vga standart, it is same as kinect (kind of old technology isn`t it?). but i think higher resolution camera won`t hurt the pocket that much.. kinect 2 nearly will be released and will use 1080p camera.. why not follow their spec? i am not tech guy but can you explain why we still using 480p resolution? thanks :)
hi, just back this project. lucky that someone release his/her early bird. i`m monitoring this project and at last take participation. btw, @creator: maybe this have been asked before, but how small object that can be scanned into .stl files? if i plan using this to make copies/backup of my action figure collection that might be sized up to 5cm diameter and 10 cm tall, could it gives good resolution to print? thanks
zsolt - here are some answers: first, two things at a high level.  one, the data stream from the structure sensor will be really similar to a kinect, so if you use the same exact software (ported to ipad), you will get similar results.  second, the answers to your questions will depend totally on the scanning app being used.  we will have a simple demo app available for room scanning, but this demo app is not designed to be a full solution.  it is just a tech demo and a starting point for developers.  more apps will be available as the structure platform evolves over the next year, and i think they will be what you will want to use.  however, i will answer with respect to the room capture demo app, since that is all that will be available on day 1. 1. yes, a tripod will help the room capture demo app since it is a simple app that only intends you to spin around, not walk around, while capturing.  the tripod will help the results.  however, a tripod is definitely not necessary, and we have never used it with a tripod. 2. moving closer to objects will slightly improve mesh quality with the room capture demo app, but the app is not actually designed for this, so it does not increase the mesh quality dramatically.  in future, this will change, and moving closer will allow you to get much more detail -- just how moving closer with a regular camera gives you more detail. 3. it is a polygon model, but you will also have access to the source code that outputs this polygon, so you can output points if you wish. 4. the room capture demo app doesn't have this built in at this point, but you can easily capture photos or videos during scanning. hope this helps!
is any comment on my questions 1-4?
i am probably one of several backers who plans to use the structure sensor with an iphone 5s. it was your video testing the sensor with the new iphone that convinced me to back the campaign. it would be great to read more details about iphone support, both in terms of future app updates/upgrades and (hopefully!) about the option to have an iphone bracket instead of the ipad one... thanks and congrats on the successful campaign and great product!
gijs - those samples are early examples of what's already here and ready today.  what will ship with structure sensors will be a bit better after more improvements, and what will be available in six months will certainly be better yet.  in other words, it's not very representative of what will be possible in the future with more sophisticated techniques, but we provided it anyway because backers were asking for examples right now.  sharpness and other aspects can absolutely be improved with time and smarter techniques. for the chair legs, we could have gotten better fidelity there.  the main reason those are a little stubby is because we didn't flip the chair upside down while scanning.  the demo app doesn't really support that kind of mid-scan movement, but it's straightforward for a future app (or even a future version of the demo app) to support that in order to get more fidelity on the bottom of objects.
dave and aljoscha - we're very excited about the new ipads. we've got some great news that will arrive in the next couple of days about using the structure sensor with the new ipads, so please be on the lookout for our next backer update.
rick - thanks for the congrats! you could certainly use the structure sensor to scan objects which you could then print with your buccaneer 3d printer. the object scanner demo app currently exports in obj, stl, and ply.
mike - thanks for your support, and we can't wait for you to get your structure sensor!
hi, the new ipad is thinner, is there a problem with the scanner holder?
wow - looks like ipad air is going to be 64-bit and have the a7 processor... looking forward to seeing those stretch goals posted since we only have a few days to go! convince me i need a second one! love, the guys at elevendy.com ;-)
know y'all are busy, not sure if this will work for me .... don't know much about scanning . want to learn . just funded " buccaneer "3 d printer . would like to make and pint different  stuff .... pwhat do you think ? thanks
hey  guys congrats on the$$$
thanks for making the scans available for closer inspection. when taking a closer look at the ikea chair i noticed that the legs are pretty rough. is this typical for the quality that we can expect? looks like this is more off than i would expect, whereas the toy seems to be more accurately scanned (although the result is also a rough representation of the actual object i can still guess where the scan has taken a shortcut, so then it would be possible to use the scanned object as reference for building a new shape on top of it) will sharp edges always be rounded, or is this something that will eventually advance with better software?
well done on $1m:-) proud to be part of this project and can't wait for the thud of it hitting my doormat.
makes sense, but how would you go about getting something that doesn't have a flat understand? or something that has an inlay in the bottom?
sorry i mixed two product spec in the comment bellow. i understand now this hasn't got a laser
i am looking for a solution to speed up and simplify the site measuring process for fitted custom  made furniture. when kinect went to open source and couple of developer wrote a small utility to scan the room in 3d the accuracy was similar to this device. as we know kinect has infrared only so this should be more accurate. if the kinect moved slowly and fixed to tripod accuracy was better but still not enough and also the result was only a cloud of point. 3-5mm accuracy would be fantastic. 1. can we increase accuracy with tripod? 2. can we scan the part of the room moving closely to the walls floors to increase accuracy? 3. is the demo app which makes 3d model produce polygon surfaced model or just a point cloud? 4. is it possible to capture photos through the scanning or even a video? 5. did you compare your result with 123d catch for small object scan? again i feel using laser should be much more precise
richard - thanks for the feedback.  we are thinking about how this could be done, but can't work a lot on it at this time.
anne, the art factory - thanks!  marie - we're still working on plans for a stretch goal... need to be sure it's possible before we announce it.  coming soon.
arial - that would be amazing.  please let us know if you do that so we can buy a copy (or a few) of your book. judging from some of the interest we've received for similar applications, that might even become a reality soon after it would appear in your novel!
smiteworks - no stated plans to do that at this point, but we appreciate the question and we do want to make it easy to develop games!
grove media studios - what we do most of the time is just place objects on a flat surface such as a table.  it's straightforward for apps to separate the flat surface from the object, and assume the object is solid where it meets the table.  in our experience, this works well in the majority of cases.
gijs, matt - check out our latest update ( http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/occipital/structure-sensor-capture-the-world-in-3d/posts/624841 )  we have a few models shown and in the comments there is a link to check them out in ply format.
congratulations  please consider offering optical lens attachments, with calibration apps. to allow users a path, to better dial in their sensors for their chosen application. such as the virtu specs for the primesence carmine 1.09 based on magwebs early modifications. thanks for your efforts.
ooohhhh, what will this project be with a nice stretch goal?
what a cool project!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
congrats over one million!!!!
holy bananas! this is awesome! wish we had the money to pledge more, but i'll settle for the t-shirt. what a great tool to use for crime scene documentation!! i'm an author and i'd love to have my detective character use it in my murder mystery i'm writing. :d
are there any plans to do tie-ins with unity?
i second gijs - any completed scans you'd care to share?
this is probably a stupid question to ask but how exactly do you get a high fidelity full 360 degree scan of an object? is it as simple as rotating it with your hand to get the underside or do you need some elaborate stand?
can you make the 3d scans available for download too for a better look?
amir - actually vga is basically state-of-the-art for depth sensing right now!  (but higher-res will certainly come in the future.)  the good thing is that you can move closer to objects to get more geometry details, and you can combine with 5 megapixel still photos from the ipad to get improved reconstruction.
fantastic results so far. i hope this 1000% success have some stretch goals included in it. like a high resolution capture device rather than vga which is basically useless and hardly compatible with future technologies and demands. best wishes...
bob - thanks for helping get the word out!  we also have a share page, if you haven't checked it out, please go share a few articles.  let's get to $1m!  http://structure.io/sharenews
evgeniy - very exciting indeed.  members of our team have backed both of these projects and we're excited to see what the combination of these might yield.
bryan - we're not sure if vuforia will support structure sensor -- that's a question for the vuforia team.  we'll post an update if we hear anything.
teru & grove media - thanks for the feedback guys, we'll do what we can to enhance depth resolution in the future, but it just won't be possible for the sensors that we deliver this year.  one thing to note is that if you're using structure sensor with ipad, you can register your vga depth to the high-megapixel color feeds (1080p, for example), on ipad.  so while depth data is vga, the color texturing can be high-megapixel, which is a major plus of structure sensor's approach of using the built-in camera for color.
i second the 720p camera, vga really limits the quality we can produce with this if it's a 2.0 product revision, i'll have to hold off. hoping the 720p makes it in though.
can we see a 720p camera on it instead of vga by the final release date?
trying to get you guys to $1 million!  some of the contributers are posting in this thread for ss at 3dprintboard: http://3dprintboard.com/showthread.php…
all possibilities are awesome. something like this would greatly help for fps mappers.
could not resist to repost it here. i just imagined three devices together - structure sensor, spike, vrase. it's cool trio. there are lots of problem of course: to connect the sensor to phone, to take all this stuff on head, power supply, software interaction. but! this actually can be a full hardware/software complex for augmented reality.
as a unity developer i was wondering if the structure sensor will support qualcomm's vuforia software and the upcoming smart terrain feature?
miquel - thanks!   marie - we have not announced a stretch goal yet, but in our last backer update, we announced that we were working on one.  once we figure out a few more details to make sure we can actually deliver on the stretch goal if we hit the target, we'll announce it.  we don't want to announce something that we aren't sure we can deliver!
palenoue - 1.  we're not familiar with the fill-in-the-blank feature yet, but the object scanner demo app is a realtime capture app, and you can see in realtime which parts of your scan are missing, and move the sensor to fill them in.  2. yes definitely!  check out a few of the scans by this company:   https://www.facebook.com/crowtreesstudio  they are using our skanect app, not the object scanner demo app (of course, since the structure sensor isn't out yet!) -- but similar, and better, results will be possible with structure.
tom - thanks for your question and support!  we think it could be very interesting to combine structure and spike for a kind of 3d modeling tool belt and we hope there are companies out there that work on that!  we've also backed the spike project.
almost 900.000 dollars! congratulations @occapital ;) i'm excited how much we will reach with this project
ina - the design is not a primesense capri.  it uses a primesense chip for core depth sensing, but there are a lot of interesting aspects to the design that are brand new, such as battery operation, infrared leds, low-power operation, apple device communication, and more.  the sensor range has been tweaked for mobile applications.  certainly it will not be perfect for all applications, but we think it is a good choice for many of the applications people are considering.  the chassis is a new unique design -- it's made of machined, anodized aluminum, and serves to precisely align the sensor components and avoid the need for a plastic shell.
bob - thanks! we'll check out the site!
renato - full body scanning is definitely possible even with one sensor, but we'll be thinking about how to help with multi-sensor support.  nothing is explicitly planned in this area, but we are committed to making the sensor firmware and drivers work optimally for all of the cool applications such as multi-sensor scanning.
@leo delivery is plan for feb-march 2014.
i live in taipei(taiwan),wanna know when could i get the scanner(pledge 365 including $35 for shipping)
jason - yes, we've captured some test models using the object scanner demo app as it stands today (it's better than it was in our kickstarter video, but still improving!) we'll be posting these shortly in the project description.  please check back tomorrow or thursday.  we also captured a model of a statue and tested some new color texturing for the front half of the statue -- check out the recent project update to find this.
miquel - we don't have plans for a 3ds format in the object scanner or room capture demo apps at this time.  that said, 3ds is the 3d studio max format, and 3d studio max is capable of importing obj files, which are one of the formats we already support in the demo apps: http://docs.autodesk.com/3dsmax/16/enu/3ds-max-help/index.html…
jeff - it's not possible to improve the accuracy of a single measurement due to the way the structure sensor is designed.  there's just no reasonably-priced technology available today that can do any better!  that said, it should be possible to integrate thousands or millions of measurements to improve overall accuracy of a large scale model, but this will depend on software that evolves over time --from occipital and other companies.  if you need more accuracy out of the box, the only option out there today might be a stationary scanning laser scanner such as a leica system.  here's an interesting paper on the accuracy these systems can achieve:  http://hds.leica-geosystems.com/hds/en/investigating_acurracy_mintz_white_paper.pdf  of course, this will cost tens of thousands of dollars, but for some applications, this might be the way to go.
eliah - we're using a custom lithium polymer battery which will have a very long life while retaining 75% of its factory-fresh capacity under normal use (several years).  we looked for off-the-shelf batteries, but there was nothing out there that could give the same lifespan and capacity.
was there a conclusion on strech goals? yes? no? what?
two questions: 1) does your software have a "fill in the blank" feature like the makerbot scanner has? . 2) how does the scanner work on full bodies? for example, say i want to scan a cosplaying friend in full anime warrior get-up and print out miniatures of her on my replicator 2, can i scan her in completely with one scan?
proud backer of spike and structure sensor because they are just plain awesome ways to use tech in 3d modeling. i'm a residential contractor here in the sf bay area and am very interested in testing any applications, possibly ways to use these devices to compliment the magicplan app for ipad by www.sensopia.com. using all these devices-app together you could export as built plans with full interior/exterior 3d scan for cad export and bim compatibility as mentioned many times previously here.  one word- amazing! what applications are being developed, what other ipad apps could use the scanner data? using this and spike like mentioned before with a quad-copter would save countless hours for commercial roofers and solar power installers, land appraisers, landscapers, civil engineers... wow. for a not-so-tech savvy guy how does this compare initially with other commercial scanners like the trimble? http://www.trimble.com/3d-laser-scanning/tx5.aspx for the app developers could structure sensor and spike be used together? i posted this in the spike kickstarter and will forward both spike and structure to the team at sensopia for possible integration. in what ways can we help develop great uses for structure sensor?
is the chipset just primesense capri, or additional hardware modifications
i'm so excited to see this blowing the goal away.  can't wait to see what this brings to the consumer 3d market.  if you backed this please feel free to chime in at the thread about structure at 3dprintboard. :  http://3dprintboard.com/showthread.php…
will a future skanect version support multiple sensor scanning? structure sensor + primesense sensor or kinect for a bigger high detail scan (full body)?
hi occipital, i am enrolled into the early bird complete pack but would like to order one more structure sensor. may i know how i can do this?  i am shipping structure sensor internationally. best regards, edwin
@occipital i am sure you guys are swamped...but i'll ask again in case you missed my first request..... would it be possible for you guys to scan a shoe sized item (something with some intricate details) as close as possible with the current sensor arrangement.....and then upload the stl/obj/etc file for us to check out and play with.....or just pics of the scan?
will there be an output for .3ds format?
i just pledged for a complete kit. put me down as another android user who isn't really interested in buying an ipad so am hoping with going 8 times over goal you will be able to get full android support built in. my main aim is to use the system for house renovations - want to scan all the rooms and make decisions on furniture and built-ins placement. ideally i would like to be able to export the 3d room to google sketchup. i also pledged for the spike unit for doing a similar thing outdoors.
it seems to me that tolerating a 1% error in measurements while scanning will render this product useless for actual design applications. losing over an inch of a wall while scanning a 12 foot wall leaves huge room for costly errors for designers and estimators. can the accuracy be improved ? does the poor ability to achieve closer to real results lie in deficiencies with hardware used or is it a software limitation ?
@eliah good question. interested to know also.
will the battery powered mean regular batteries that we can swap out? i rather buy eneloop batteries and put them in myself like logitech mouses do. user friendly to swap out. or does it have to be factory? i will really hate this.
rick - thanks for the question.  it's too soon for us to say what post-kickstarter availability & pricing will be.  first, we need to see how the first production run goes, make adjustments based in part on backer feedback, and then develop a plan for future availability.
david - yes, if you choose the hacker kit, you will be able to use the same sensor and purchase an ipad bracket separately in the future -- the sensor itself is the same.
g morris, kirpa - you could attach to a drone, but this won't work properly in direct sunlight because the sun emits so much infrared light that it will overwhelm the sensor's own infrared emitter.  you'd have to stick to very cloudy days, nights, or indoors.
david - a car could be scanned, but this won't work in direct sunlight because the sun's ir will overwhelm the sensor's emitter.  unless the glass is opaque in infrared, the sensor sees through glass, so you typically won't get the geometry of glass.  (you will be able to scan through glass, though, which is sometimes pretty cool.)
chin - in the object scanner and room capture demo apps, the ipad camera is used for high-resolution color texture.
what is the projected price after kickstarter ? much mahalo
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@gulati. it should work. i want to use a hexacopter controlled by dji ground control. it should be able to maintain accurate elevation on a automated path. question is will the sensor allow for large scans then allow to export them.
ohh...@morris, if that is possible, that would be wicked...i'm curious too! will that work? 5m is a more than sufficient distance to for a low flying drone.
structure sensor  is using build in structure vga camera for scanning or use concurrently ipad camera for scanning also?
could the sensor be attached to the bottom of a drone for low altitude terrain scanning?
sorry, wanted to say bracket for ipad
is it possible to scan a damaged car completely? example: http://i00.i.aliimg.com/photo/v1/139003568_1/japanese_damaged_cars_for_sale_with_a.jpg does the ipad support can be obtained in the future, if i chose the kit hackers? how do the sensors with the glass windows of cars and buildings? thanks
evgeny - this sounds like a very cool application and thank you for your support! answers for you: 1. with the room capture demo app, you will need to scan each room separately and unite them  this is because it’s a demo app, and is intended to be extended in different directions by backers who are software developers.  so, stay tuned for apps coming soon that enable you to scan all at once. 2. in fact, the sensor does work to 5 meters or more in some cases, especially if you are capturing objects like drywall.  we only say 3.5 meters because this is the range where it works best.  between 3.5 and 5 meters, precision may drop to 2-5%, and many objects (especially darker objects) will not image as well. 3. the sensor will work in complete darkness because it has its own infrared emitter.  this is actually kind of cool to see!  (of course, in complete darkness, color cannot be seen, so you will need illumination to see colors, but not geometry.) 4. precision and accuracy are worst at long distances.  precision of a single measurement is 0.5% (7.5mm) at 1.5 meters, 1% (30mm) at 3 meters, and 1.1% (40mm) at 3.5 meters.  however, if you’re imaging a flat plane such as a wall, it’s possible to average many measurements and get better accuracy (exactly how much, we have not had the time to measure, and it depends on the exact scenario). 4 (part 2):  yes, you can email scan files from and ipad to android. 5. if we can find enough time between now and shipping of units, we will try to have some simplification options available in the demo apps.  if not, there are a number of free programs (meshlab, for example) that can help with this. 6. we definitely intend that the device will be delivered to russia before the end of december.  we will make all efforts to ensure units ship with time to make it through international customs, but as this is our first time shipping real units through our supply chain, there is always a chance there could be an unexpected issue. please know that we’re working super hard to get units to you on time! 7. we plan to provide backers with cad for an ipad mini bracket that can be 3d printed via shapeways.com, and to fully support any future ipads that are in a small form factor, but like everyone else, we’re waiting to hear what future devices get announced before we can say for sure.
andrew - we think you should get this one, but we're a little biased :-)
brendon - thanks!
nicola, marie, renato - no current plans for an attachment lens, but we recognize how this is helpful for close-range object scanning.  it would be quite an endeavor to create such an add-on, so we can’t do this kind of add-on for our kickstarter units while still meeting our delivery goals.  if the project continues to be a success, the odds that something like this will be created in the future (perhaps by another company) will definitely increase!
virginia - no other differences in what is provided with hacker kit versus ipad units.  to reiterate:  hacker kit comes with the usb hacker cable, but does not come with the ipad bracket.  ipad version comes with the ipad bracket, but not the usb hacker cable.  complete kit comes with both the usb hacker cable and the ipad bracket.
dung - the price is the same for the ipad and hacker kit because the hardware costs us the same to produce in both cases.  regarding software, we are shipping and updating skanect (http://skanect.com) which works on windows and osx and will work with the structure sensor out of the box.  the only platforms we don’t provide out-of-the-box apps for are android and linux, and we’re anxious to find early partners who we can collaborate with to make this happen as well.  our team just isn’t large enough at this time to ensure that we deliver on time and provide apps for these two platforms.
jouke - we're using the ipad camera for color.  the ipad has a fantastic mobile camera, and is getting better and better as new ipads are released.  we have done some exciting things to make the registration between the ipad camera and sensor data seamless.
david - thanks for the question.  we're working day and night (literally!) to hit our delivery goals.  we've been working on the sensor for almost 2 years now, and we waited to launch our kickstarter campaign until we had a lot of confidence we could make it happen on time.  while unexpected issues are always possible in every aspect from manufacturing to shipping, we're confident things will be on schedule.  thanks for your support.
the shape is nice, but it will be dificult to attach any bracket with additional lenses on it in the future.
@occipital would it be possible for you guys to scan a shoe sized item (something with some intricate details) as close as possible with the current sensor arrangement.....and then upload the stl/obj/etc file for us to check out and play with?
now it appears that google will be releasing the nexus 10 2 with android 4.4 even before the ipad5. pretty impressive specs if they are true. http://www.ibtimes.co.in/articles/509159/20130926/google-nexus10-release-date-ahead-apple-ipad5.htm
native android app that has the same functionality as the ios app needs to be the top priority for stretch goals. even though this is an open source product, i don't think many of us android backers will be able to keep our pledges without a native app.  a donation of $300+ is a bit much for a chance that the structure sensor will function for a large percentage of backers.
....same for me. a bracket with something like the +2.5 glasses for primesense sensor with high-res scanning possibility and the best possible scan app for many different scanning applications as the next strech goal.
stretch goal :)
higher resolution, and x lenses are definitely musts for stretch gold. android software could be third. ks green case 4th.
@nicola....i was thinking the same thing!  adjustable or snap on lenses for close-up smaller object scanning would be great!
@don gately, apologies for the boring comment however when hearing about kickstarter projects like the instacube which went bankrupt at one point and the pebble watch which delivered subpar goods 1.5 years after their estimated delivery time coupled by poor communication post-funding, concerns should be legitimate. again, apologies to the project creators or any other backers who may take offense to these concerns.
reading from all the comments, why not including something like zoom (or interchangeable) optics to be able to adapt the scan area and precision based on the object/room/what-you-want to digitalize? i think it should be useful :)) thanks for your great project!!
hello.  our company carries out the projecting and assemblage of engineering systems. quite a frequent task for us is repair work in buildings that already exist (as opposed to development of new buildings). today we use the following scheme to raise the quality of projecting:  1.	the superintendent of work (our representative) arrives at the construction site (С ЛАЗЕРНОЙ РУЛЕТКОЙ) 2.	this expert measures the existing (КОММУНИКАЦИИ) and draws some kind of a plan on the paper taking into account all the (С ПРИВЯЗКАМИ) and real dimensions and proportions 3.	then the superintendent of work and the engineer work together to transfer to the autocad the results of the measurements in volume (в объёме – можно написать тут in 3d?) 4.	 then we apply this file (we call it ar_3d) as an external link to the plan and start the projecting this way (we do the projecting in 3d from the start, i.e. from the early stage) thus, i would like to use your device to create ar_3d.  from the stl format i can already get the file for the work in autocad. now i have used http://skanect.manctl.com/ trying to “digitalise” the rooms, but it’s neither the smartest nor the most convenient way as there are lots of wires and cables. i started my experiments on the 21st of september 2013 so i have little experience here so far.  thus, i would like to ask: 1.	is it possible to scan the whole unit (for example, a dwelling house with a square 250-300 sq.m.) at once or i will have to scan each single room separately? if yes, will i have to unite the scanned rooms using the autocad?  2.	is it possible to somehow increase the length of perceptibility of the sensor to at least 5m? we need it for scanning the industrial buildings (like plants or factories) because the ceilings there are very tall and, moreover, have many different objects crammed on them. colour doesn’t matter at all to us for scanning, it’s just the geometry that makes difference.  3.	which is the length of perceptibility of the infra-red ambilight (booster-light)? do we need good illumination for scanning?  4.	which is the accuracy of geometry at the longest distance? as far as i understand, today it is 3.5m? i currently use android, but how can we transmit the files from ipad? via e-mail, for example? 5.	how can we simplify the scanned files (sorry if the question is silly) to make autocad work quicker?  6.	if i pay for the device in december 2013, will i get the device this year in russia?  7.	finally, my partner uses ipad-mini. is it possible to get a support or a tripod for it? thank you very much for your attention and steadfast support!  you are producing a useful and unbelievably awesome device!
it seems to me that this will be a great core for assistive technology for people with all kinds of vision problems from severe ambiopia (lack of depth perception) to total blindness!  any backers from the ati or disability research communities yet?
so with the target smashed - let's see some stretch goals!!!
@david ng, yawn.
with the lateness of most kickstart project, especially technology ones. how likely will this one meet it's estimated delivery date? is the est. delivery date more optimistic vs realistic? what issues might come up that may delay that estimate? are there any measures that are implemented in order to keep such project on schedule like float or slack included in that estimate? sorry for the cynicism of it, and if not all of the answers are even available but i'm curious to know. i'm excited for the project and even more so to receive it and i'd hate that to be bummed later with delays so i just would like to know in advance, how likely delays with this project are and what measures are there to keep things on track. thanks.
i agree with dung, i don't see a reason for having the same price on the structure sensor for ipad and structure sensor hacker kit. one is usable straight away while the other one isn't. even if i appreciate the open source nature of the hacker kit, i think even a basic scanning application on android would be welcome.
dear occipital, great concept and was wondering whether the sensor is also capturing color or whether you rely on the ipad's own camera. looking forward to receive the beta in december!
hi guys, i passed the link to your kickstarter campaign to graphisoft last week. graphisoft is a world wide company that makes building information model (bim) software for architects called archicad. i believe that this a great product that would be greatly used in this industry to scan existing built projects (internal spaces) and entering the data into the computer in the file format needed for the bim software. this would be awesome to help speed up the process when doing renovation, fitouts, alterations and extension with the room scan whereas the current system requires 100's of dimensions and photos of the space in question to then be enter in the software. a scan of the room and a couple of check dimensions will be awesome for this type of work in the construction industry. i hope that they or yourselves get in contact with each other and are able to produce an export data file or plug-in the marry the two products. huge market in the construction industry for you guys. looking forward to receiving my early next year.
i too was interested in zung's comment about android support. it wasn't clear initially that you didn't have skanect app for android. thank you for clarifying this point. are there any other differences in what you plan to deliver for the ipad and hacker kit units?
i'm debating if i should get this or wait for the new xbox one kinect
virginia - your last question had a lot of parts, sorry for the delay! memory requirements:  very little memory is required to access the sensor’s stream.  apps could be created that do basic depth stream processing with perhaps 64mb of ram or less.  for more advanced apps which fuse information together, such as the included demo apps, we recommend having a device with 1gb of memory, but this may change as we optimize the apps. information per gb:  colored object meshes of say, a teddy bear or a person’s torso, are currently coming out at about 2mb with about 70k vertices, uncompressed.  by this figure, you could store 500 average models per gb.  please keep in mind that, similar to video compression technologies which can shrink a huge video to a small amount of space, you could reduce this to something as small as several kb for a low-fidelity mesh, or as high as 100mb or more, for an extreme high-poly representation.  the models generated by the structure sensor are the same in nature to what you’d find in video game or cad program. full charge or recommended power levels:  no requirements — you can use the sensor until its battery dies, and until the battery in your mobile device dies.  you simply need enough charge to complete whatever task you want to perform, which usually should be pretty quick, unless you’re playing ar games for hours :-)
belment - thanks for your support!
robbie - we're planning to post updates a little later in the campaign about the room capture app which will include some estimates about the measurement accuracy for this app.  we haven't done any formal tests yet, so we don't want to speculate with a figure.  what you see in the videos is an early prototype that proves the concept, but we haven't implemented all of the planned features yet.  if you are looking for a near-perfect measurement, then something like a precision laser range-finder is probably going to be more accurate (but a lot less convenient since you have to capture each measurement one at a time!).  as a backer to our campaign, you'll be receiving this technology as it is just being developed, so it's not going to be as polished as it will be in the future.  if that sounds exciting to you, then welcome aboard!  if not, then you could always pledge at a lower level and keep an eye on progress between now and the end of the campaign.  thanks for your question and support.
jason - we haven't done any direct comparisons with the products you mentioned, so we'd be looking at the specs ourselves to guess the comparison.  what's really cool about the structure sensor is that it's the first time a sensor of this type has been made to work with mobile devices, and specifically the ipad.  you're right about the 0.15% figure at 40cm.  you're also right that the quality of a scan is very dependent on the software (and firmware to a lesser extent), and not only dependent on the sensor's raw data.  despite firmware updates we may make, functioning significantly closer than 40cm will be difficult and i can't make any promises here.  the system has a range where objects are in focus -- beyond which it won't function very well, even with a firmware update.  we're trying to put as much time as we can into improving the object scanner demo that comes with the device, but the most exciting thing will be when multiple structure-powered scanner apps are on the market and competing for quality for different types of objects.
dung - thanks for the idea and feedback.  via the usb hacker cable, open source drivers, and openni compatibility, android is definitely supported.  our team is not very big and we are very focused on delivering on time, but we'll put some thought into what more we can do and will post backer updates if we make any changes.
@occipital as a business owner in the residential remodeling/construction field, i have preordered one of these items for its ability to map out an entire room. you state that you can find the distance between two points by simply tapping. how accurate is this? will measurements be +/- >0.5"? or near perfect? also how long would it take to scan a room with minimal objects in it (say 10x10)? last question, is the file format that this exports be cad importable? thanks ahead of time
i am really excited about the potential of this project and have pledged because i have been wanting to get a 3d scanner for a while.  i am primarily going to use it for reverse engineering small parts and the occasional engine/automotive part.  i had been looking into getting a "nextengine" or "david line stl scanner".  how does the structure compare to these other systems?  is it possible to scan objects closer than the 40cm listed?  also, just to clarify....in one of your comments you stated that the accuracy at 40cm is closer to .15%....not .15mm correct?  so about .6mm/.024" at 40cm....that is pretty good still.  will we eventually be able to make higher res closer scans as the software/firmware is updated?
infinite potential in offering open source 3d scanning technology!!! look forward to seeing future innovations!
@occipital "at this time, we're not planning to release scanning app for android. for windows and osx, we do have a scanning app called skanect which can be used for free. (http://skanect.occipital.com) on android, we will be providing open source drivers as well as openni drivers. there are a number of existing applications that support openni, some of which may soon support android -- especially now that the structure sensor will be launching! check out http://www.openni.org to learn about some existing applications." please make a stretch goal for an android supported scanning app.  i believe many of us pledged because we thought android would be supported.  i hope you all will consider this because the android market is growing at a faster rate than the ios market - i don't think i can keep my pledge for the chance that someone will develop a compatible software/app :(
darren - regarding latency, data from each frame starts arriving in just a few milliseconds, but takes time depending on the amount of total data to be transmitted and the capture time for each frame.  based on our tests, we know that the latency is similar to the latency of the camera built in to the ipad.  once we've had a chance to better characterize the system, we will post more information about this.
leon - we appreciate your comment about not wanting to get a new new new ipad :-) you can definitely plug in and scan with an iphone 5 (but we aren't officially supporting the iphone 5 at this time).  do check out our video from friday when we scanned an object using an iphone 5s:  http://www.youtube.com/watch…  if you do get a new new new ipad, we predict that structure sensor apps will fly on these new devices.
romy - thanks for your support and making us the first project you've backed!  as an ipad developer, i think you'll really enjoy using your sensor!
anne - thanks for your support.  looks like we made it in just over 48 hours.  jeff says hi.  :)
evgeniy - interesting idea about eye tracking!  we're not experts on this, so we don't want to speculate on how well it would work, but this might be something that could take advantage of the ir leds.  the system is designed to be eye safe, so there should not be any safety issues if you did manage to use it for eye tracking.
axel - the hacker kit is different in that it does not come with an ipad bracket, but instead it comes with a usb hacker cable.  this is a handy cable -- in addition to allowing you to connect the structure sensor to any usb host (such as many robotics platforms), it's also specifically designed to allow you to charge the sensor's internal battery when you're on the go and don't have access to an electrical outlet by simply plugging into a usb port (typically you'd just use a regular electrical outlet to charge the sensor's battery.)
minoru - the included room capture demo works best on spaces 3600 sq. ft. or smaller, but capturing entire homes or buildings is not impossible.  it will just require more sophisticated software that allows you to capture large scale models.  just like how video games are able to load only a portion of the world in memory, capture applications will be created to do the same thing (only instead of just viewing part of the world, you are capturing it!)  capturing the exterior of a building may be possible for some structures, but will be difficult in general because it is hard to get within 3.5 meters of all surfaces.  as with a lot of things, amazing software may make this possible, but this will not be ready out of the box.
gijs - we've scanned the front of a car which had metallic paint (note, scanning a car in direct sunlight won't work), so i believe this material will work.  as surfaces become more mirror-like, the sensor has a lot of trouble interpreting them, and you will get holes in the data for mirror-like objects.  scanning the interior of a van should work, and we would recommend first trying to use the object scanner demo for this purpose.
bob - thanks for the note and mention!
jenny - sorry that we don't have a less expensive option to visit the team in sf :-)  we are going to be very busy making sure sensors ship on time!  but we will try our best to make it to meetups in the area, and i hope we can meet you at one of those!
jason - at this time, we're not planning to release scanning app for android.  for windows and osx, we do have a scanning app called skanect which can be used for free. (http://skanect.occipital.com)  on android, we will be providing open source drivers as well as openni drivers.  there are a number of existing applications that support openni, some of which may soon support android -- especially now that the structure sensor will be launching!  check out http://www.openni.org to learn about some existing applications.
jerry - regarding capturing all of the objects in a room separately versus all at once, the current answer is that the object scanner demo app will do a better job of getting a high quality model of a single object, while the room capture demo app will capture the entire room from a single vantage point.  in the future, there will probably be apps that can do both of these things together, but it will probably take a while before developers create new apps that do this, so you'll be better off using one or the other at first.  i hope this answers your question.
franck, helder - good idea about providing cad ahead of time.  in fact, we've done just that.  you can download starter cad files in a number of formats on our developer page:  http://structure.io/developers  if you create a cool attachment and want to share it with other structure sensor users, please email us at structure+brackets@occipital.com !
don - the oculus rift integration was something we put together in about a day a couple months ago using our makerbot printer for the bracket and integrating with 3gear systems hand tracking.  we're not planning to release it publicly at this point, but if you get in touch with us directly after the campaign is over, we'd be happy to share what we put together with you.  if you're a rift user, i must say that although the hand tracking demo was cool, we're perhaps more excited about using the structure sensor to capture indoor environments and have them transmitted around the world for others to explore with vr headsets!
rolf-dieter - you'll be pleased to know that the object scanner demo can fuse information from every vantage point as you move around objects!  the room capture demo does not have this functionality at the moment, but it's just a matter of time until it -- and other applications -- can do this at room scale, as well.
marcin - we’re working on speed improvements all the time.  speaking of a relatively quick scan of a person, check out the video we captured yesterday using the new iphone 5s:  http://www.youtube.com/watch… you may already know this, but the object scanner demo does include a color option.  stay tuned for more news about additional color scanning options later in the campaign.
marie-andree - regarding tripod mounting:  we don’t have a tripod hole built into the sensor, but we’ve provided starter cad files at http://structure.io/developers which will allow the creation of a 3d-printable tripod mount, and while we don’t think we’ll have time to create one ourselves in the near future, we think this is a great idea and we’d love to see someone make one.
marie-andree, rob, nicola, dung, eric, amit, frederick - thanks for the stretch goal ideas!  we’re still contemplating whether we’ll add any stretch goals, but all of this great support means firstly that we have our work cut out to make sure we can deliver all of these sensors on time and with a great set of supporting software.  and whether or not an explicit stretch goal, the extra support definitely helps us refine the product in subtle ways.  bottom line is that it will be better thanks to more backers.
marie-andree & virginia - regarding new ipads, our team is geared up to make new brackets happen as soon as physically possible.  we plan to let you select a bracket for new models without requiring you to buy an add-on.  just like everyone else, we’re waiting to hear more about future ipad models, and as soon as we do, we’ll make full details about our plans to deliver new brackets!
the devil's always in the detail. any time you connect one piece of hardware to another piece of hardware, performance is the result of how the two work together. so far i haven't seen any information device memory requirements. what format do you capture in, how much information can you store per gb, how much device memory is needed for realistic applications? do you need a full device charge before you begin an application? are there any recommended power levels you need to be aware of?
stretch goals?
is the scanner going to have a "tripod  hole" for mounting on a tripod?
lots of questions in the last days, less responses.
hm... i guess you really need to work on a reaction speed, cause from what i seen on the videos - it lags badly even if camera movement is relatively calm. it'd be also great to have an option of high resolution color scanning - even if it'd require slow movement and close-ups in a well-lit room. it works just fine for furniture, but having a head scanned to some acceptable quality seems to be impossible right now (at least - judging from tc interview video).
would be cool to combine information more more than one view to get more 3d information, especially for hiden objects. great project.
you show the kit mounted on an oculus rift. is that something that is under way somewhere or just a possibility?
marie-andree, this is my question too. i'll need a bracket for the new "to be announced" ipad as part of my pledge.
just a quick question. does the android hacker version come with any working apps to start scanning objects right away or is that only available with the ipad version?
strech goal at 700k ... and 1 m?
@eric i know but supporting (like selling as an add-on, or after the campaign) is not the same thing as offering it for free during the campaign
@marie. i believe they said they would support the upcoming devices a few comments back.
if apple announce the ipad 5 on october 15th like the rumor says, will you offer a bracket for it in the pledge?
good idea  franck...
for those who took the hacker kit, that would be nice to have the cad model before the sensor arrives, so that custom brackets are ready when we get the sensor.
@jerry the sensor can't scan any area that it can't see, obviously.  when you can the room, like in the examples, only the line-of-sight vision will be scanned and displayed.  the difference between this and a regular camera is that it will process in a 3d space.
since the awesome response obtained, why not adding some stretch goal? :) i'm thinking about an increment in z resolution for instance...
thank you for your answer but...does it mean that while scanning the whole room "sensor"  is taking pictures focusing on every single object at the same time ? or each object need to be scanned separatelly to achive good and sharp quaity in order to  export files in colour and texture ? creator occipital 2 days ago jerry - great question. the quick answer is, it is your choice. you can export objects with just geometry or with color and texture, as well.
can there be a much less expensive option (like, i bring pizza and sodas or something. lol) to come visit the office for someone that already lives in the bay area and just wants to see the sensor in action in person? ;)
@dung nguyen, i thought it said 1mm at 40 cm but are saying .15mm is the reality?  i could work with that.
@occipital i know there have been a couple questions asked about scanning of smaller object .. but how about (in theory) something as small as a coffee cup?? would that be within the practical limits of the scanner or could it go even smaller .. just trying to get a idea of the scale/scope of the lower and upper realistic limits.. thanks. (and i realize that its not going to have the same surface texture details as say a turntable laser scanner just trying to get an idea of scope) thanks!
hi. my question is a little distant from 3d. how about some eye-tracking support? is it possible? i think sensor could be easily mounted on monitor for that. the question is only about the software. 60 fps would be ok. and talking about ir light - is it safe to having sensor continuously in front of the eyes?
do you think you will reach the half million mark by 48 hours? congratulations occipital!
awesome guys.  you guys made the #2 spot at crowdfunding forum for top new project of the week:  http://crowdfundingforum.com/showthread.php/7719-hot-crowdfunded-projects-this-week-zim-stem-(sept-19th) also i gave you a plug at 3dprintboard - http://3dprintboard.com/showthread.php…
what will happen when scanning reflective surfaces? for example if i would scan a surface that is covered in metallic paint? would it be feasible to use this device to scan a van interior and use the data to make accurate furniture that fits perfectly?
@occipital what is the maximum area that can be scanned ? will it support scanning entire room like skanect ? suppose i want to 3d-ify exterior of a building, would i be able to do it (assuming everything of worth interest is within 3.5m range) ?
i think there is probably at least as much value in looking at the meta spaceglasses as oculus rift.
peter - unfortunately, kickstarter does not let you select multiple reward levels.  however, we are offering a structure sensor research bundle for $750.  in the case of the research bundle, it’s $78 less than two regular priced structure sensor complete kits, which is pretty close to the sum of two early birds.
charles - are you single?  between opengl and 3d modeling experience you definitely sound like our type.  regarding the sdk, we don’t have specific dates right now, but we will release sample code and api documentation as it becomes available.
@don in reality, what you are asking would cost $1000+ to get a good enough sensor for very fine details. getting a .15mm 3d scanner for under $400 is unheard of.  this is a great product if it works as intended. @occipital i'm very happy to hear that the accuracy will be closer to .15mm than 4mm!
how much will the " sensor " sell for after kickstarter project ? mahalo
you show the kit mounted on an oculus rift.  is that something that is under way somewhere or just a possibility?
curious why the close up limit is 40 cm.  what keeps it from working closer? i'd like to get closer to capture fine detail on small natural objects so as to create mirrored pairs.  less than 1 mm doesn't quite get there.  for my use it needs to be less than .1 mm and i'm wondering whether that is like wishing for the impossible. thanks
i've backed the project but, here's my thought process. for the immediate future, what i want out of this device is to scan items that i can manipulate in my cad program and print.  simple enough.  you've stated several times that you can stream data into any lightning compatible ios device even though it's not supported. my problem is this: i have a new ipad and an iphone 5.  i don't really want to have to purchase a new new new ipad next spring but my only lightning device is my iphone 5.  will i be able to use your software to capture that model with my iphone (i can make my own bracket) or am i going to have to pony up for a new ipad?
this is the first time i've ever backed a kickstarter project. i admire the people at occipital and all of their products. looking forward to using the device as i'm an ipad developer. go team!
dave - we’re stoked by all the great support from backers like you!  regarding elevendy, we just got done looking at your firm’s work… and, we agree, we can’t wait to see what you and your team come up with!
thanks amit!  you are correct --  that is one of two differences.  the other is that the structure sensor for ipad comes with an ipad bracket, while the structure sensor hacker kit does not.
rick - while not officially supported, the structure sensor can indeed stream data to the current generation ipad mini. the mini can definitely also be used to develop applications for the structure sensor. please keep in mind that we currently have only designed an attachment bracket for the full-size 4th generation ipad.  as soon as apple releases next-generation models of the ipad and ipad mini, we will be working hard to prepare new brackets as quickly as possible. in the meantime, we’re working on a 3d-printable bracket for the ipad mini, which we’ll make freely available.  that will allow you to use a service like shapeways.com to get a bracket.
ellis - yes, definitely.  we’re actually working hard on doing better than just a sample model.  please wait a few days -- we’ll post both a sample model and the full details on how we used the structure sensor to create it!
marie-andree and eric - great idea to talk with pirate3d!  we’ve met with several 3d printing and 3d printer companies over the past few weeks, and they are all excited about the structure sensor.  that is actually a big part of why we’re making this device hackable and publishing open source drivers.  regardless of what partnerships we might make in the future, backers and other companies will be free to build their own integrations.
rojer - we look forward to seeing what comes out of this, as well!
joanne - we’re excited to see what you can make with it, as well.  please send us pictures!
marie-andree - we plan to officially support future ipad and ipad mini models with corresponding brackets once they are released.
dung -  great questions, and good news - the precision is much better than 1% at 40 cm.  it's actually closer to 0.15% (less than 1 mm).  we chose the 1% figure because it was a decent rule-of-thumb across the entire range, but admittedly, it is not a very helpful figure for estimating the accuracy of close-range object scans.  to help out with that, we'll post a more detailed analysis soon.
also really interested in the difference between the standard ipad one and the hacker kit, as this is not explained --clearly-- on the project page. i wonder if i should extend my pledge, as i would like to use it on my ipad as well as on a linux computer mounted on a robot platform.
follow-up post: if you do the math, 1% accuracy at closest distance of 40 cm turns out to be 4mm accuracy.  in terms of accuracy for object scans, that isn't too impressive. i hope one of the stretch goals could be to improve the accuracy.  i think a lot of backers are planning on using this for their 3d printing needs and 4mm accuracy won't be sufficient.
@occipital excellent product and congrats on your successful campaign thus far! question: what is the scan accuracy for the structure sensor on objects?  to what mm detail will it pick up? "precision: 1% of measured distance (typical)" - that spec is a bit vague in terms of precision. obviously, we shouldn't expect the precision of a $1300 scanner from makerbot but some specific details on structure sensor's capabilities would be nice :) this product could be a huge player in the 3d printing market due to its price point if the precision/accuracy is pretty good and usable for 3d printing.
great job and indeed sothing we all aspire an add on for our own gear/ipad and so on... but i could not see any resolution besides a flaky picture what resolution we are talking about here!? 1mm? less? and if you scan a room can the ipad handle all the cloud point and turn it to a digital 3d room what is the resolution for that? and how long does it take to process all that data and turn it to a 3d mesh? does it work in any ipad model or only the new ones? does it come with software for modeling or just to handle the cloud point mesh?
i agree with @g morris -  a nice stretch goal would be close up scanning for smaller objects ..
i also agree with contacting the pirate3d 3d printer guys and working with them .. i think your two products are a natural mesh..
it would be usful if we can get it alot closer say 10cm
wow!! already 3x the goal...i guess some stretch goals are in order :)...maybe bluetooth connectivity
how much latency is there with using to track in real-time? like in the rift example
definately time to start talking about stretch goals
will it support the 30 pins to lightning adapter? i will probably have an ipad 5 by then, but just want to be sure.
the camera itself seems low-res.  doe's the sensor use the ipad camera at all? maybe for texture capture?  is this comparable to a kinetic sensor just mobile?  the new on is hd supposedly.
just incredible tech guys! well done!
can you also make it for the nexus 7? maybe as one of your funding goals?
really excited to use this for a side project
is it possible to pledge for two early bird specials? ie can i put down 329 + 329 +35? thanks
hector you manage your pledge. blu button under pledge total ... but i had to add 30 dollars not 10, because i'd bought early bird kit before.....
where did you see that frans? what did you add$10 to?
great, just added $10 for the complete kit.
pretty stoked for this - super happy to be in at the beta level. excited to see what my innovative team at elevendy can do with it. www.elevendy.com
wouter - thanks for the tshirt design love!  we’ll pass it on to evan, our ee intern who evidently has both great cad and tshirt design skills, as well!
jerry - great question.  the quick answer is, it is your choice.  you can export objects with just geometry or with color and texture, as well.
thank you so much for the quick reply! and congrats on the incredible funding quickness. :) also, i don't know what the partnership would be, but i agree with marie-andree, simply because that's the 3d printer i have coming. ;)
awesome concept!!  just to be sure, the difference between structure sensor for ipad and structure sensor hacker kit is just the cable included? drivers (except ios) and all models etc. are open source anyways
will this work with the mini ? mahalo
keeping in mind the tech is still developing, could a sample model file be shared?
hey guys, you should approach pirate3d (the buccaneer 3d printer) for a partnership of some sort!
just backed the project - love the concept.  we're a software development firm with specific 3d model experience (history in building command stream shims for directx/opengl to overlay/composite ui) and want to start building some things.  how soon is the sdk expected to be released so we can play around and have something built by ship date?
ok, stretch goal : anodyzed ks green! :-)
i'm hoping the folks at matterform will adapt their software to this device. i am keen to see what great things come out of this - eventually. thanks folks.
soooo excited!  i've printed a few scans using kinect plus skanect.  cannot  wait to see what this little beauty produces!  and what beautiful full colour figurines will come out of the mcor iris 3d printer!  well done, occipital and manctl.....been waiting for this. :-)
jeff & vikas, congrats!  add me to the hoard who tried to time my pledge to tap the ball into the back of the net for you. can't wait to sense my structure. best of luck with the roll out!
what about ipad 5 that will probably be release in november; will it fit?
i love that you put effort into making a tshirt design i'd actually wear, instead of just your logo and maybe a bad pun as seems to be the custom on kickstarter.
great! i  have no technical background, but i wonder if  objects like the table in the kickstarter video, will be visible (while scanning on the ipad or for other person when sent) in color and texture? or just as a 3d model (lines and points etc)?
jenny and rojer - scan quality is a function of the sensor and the scanner app, so you’ll see quality getting better with app improvements.  we’re just scratching the surface of what will be possible with the sensor.  stay tuned mid-campaign for more on that :) in the meantime, here’s an old scan-to-print that we did with a pooh bear — printed on shapeways.com.  object: http://structure.io/static/kickstarter/pooh.jpg  print: http://structure.io/static/kickstarter/printedwinniethepooh.jpg also, check out the scan-to-print example in the kickstarter video at 0:53 (also a bit outdated).  the visual effect is actually using a model captured with a prototype structure sensor! regarding scan export formats, we currently export in obj, stl, and ply. plus, since developers will have access to the source code for the object scanner demo, it will be easy to extend this to other formats.
jesse - yes, you'll have complete access to the point cloud stream.  and we're going to take this a step further than you might expect, giving you access to things like cmos gain and shutter delay!  we're not planning to open source the ios drivers, but we'll be open sourcing drivers for all of the other platforms.
ryan - great question!  the t-shirt isn't included by default at higher levels, but here's what we can do:  just add $10 to any pledge $329 or above, and we'll throw in a t-shirt.  (for international backers, add $20.)  we'll update the faq with this information soon.
amazing product and already backed, but i was curious if a future update could show some more with the 3d printing? as in, the original object, the scan, and the printed result, so the amount of detail able to be captured with the device can be seen. and maybe the original object and the printed piece side by side as well.  thanks!
what file types will the two demo apps export, if any, obj, ply, stl (object scanner & room capture)? currently, the video shows somewhat incomplete scans (not surprising considering how quickly the capture was taking place). can these be filled in by more careful technique?
do backers at higher levels get a t-shirt too? :)
cool, hoping this will be useful for interactive projection projects.
well done! we've been waiting for something like this for a while. when you say "you'll have complete low-level access to the sensor"-  does that mean we get point cloud data? depth video stream? how open is open?
